Burning Red

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/19793110.

Rating:

Not Rated

Archive Warnings:

Graphic Depictions Of Violence, Major Character Death, Underage Sex

Categories:

F/M, M/M, F/F

Fandom:

Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling

Relationship:

Draco Malfoy/Harry Potter

Characters:

Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott, Hermione Granger, Severus Snape, Remus Lupin, Albus Dumbledore, Ron Weasley, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Sirius Black, Neville Longbottom, Minerva McGonagall, Dean Thomas, Seamus Finnigan, Susan Bones, Amelia Bones, Daphne Greengrass, Narcissa Black Malfoy, Lucius Malfoy, Tom Riddle | Voldemort

Additional Tags:

Oblivious Harry, Red-Haired Harry Potter, Smart Harry, Slytherin, Gryffindor, Parseltongue, Ron Weasley Bashing, Albus Dumbledore Bashing, Draco is a Baby Cactus, Slytherin Friendly, Harry Takes No Shit and Looks Pretty While Doing It, Whump, Blood and Violence, Blood and Gore, Slow Burn, Canon Divergent, Explicit Language, Violence, Child Abuse, Panic Attacks, Torture, PTSD, Angst, Slytherin Politics, I don't own harry potter, Frick Joanne, ACAB, Fantasy and Fictional Setting Racism

Language:

English

Collections:

Political HP Fics, Legacy's Library, Favorite Harry Potter Fanfics, Fave Harry Potter, Harry Potter, Stories That Deserve More, Avidreaders HP WIP faves, Top 10%, I love you so, Works of Great Quality Across the Fandoms, The Overly Toasted Bagel Collection, Road to Nowhere Discord Recs, Expecto Petroleum (aka these fics are GAS), Hpficssssssss, Yo! Read This. Seriously., one of the good HP fics, Fics I've Read That Are Longer Than Pride and Predjudice, Klaire's fic recs, To Be Read ffs (by TamarinLS), Absolute Favorites, Keep up with these gems, Amaris' Harry Potter Favourite Super Duper Good Fics Ever, wicked wizarding worldbuilding, wonderful wips, deceitful dishonest dumbledore, HP stories I could read a thousand times⚡💚⚡, Hoping Author Continues, Ongoing fic, HP FF that were really fucking good would Re-read, Mentxl's Magical HP ship collection, Untapped Depths of Magical Society, Theos Harry Potter Must Reads, Roonil Wazlib for the win!, Chou_0’s hoard for sleepless nights 🌸, Ummmmm, hello yes i can’t stop thinking about these works, Random Fandom Favorites, collection of fics over the years, WOO Insomnia Time, the best hp fics with the best slytherins, konokure's all time best, Harry Potter Series Retold, Stories That Completely Took Over My Life, Lovely Legends of Long Length, Wonderfully Well-Written Works, dino's library of obsessions, the most wonderful of harry potter, My Favourites to read, S.T.I.L.L., Pawn’s HP Favorites, best fics to ever exist, Fanfics I Wish Were Canon 3000, HP_tbc, Ongoing Works (Recently Updated), Captivating Fics That Cause Insomnia, Ris’ WIP favs, My favorites hp

Stats:

Published: 2019-07-13 Updated: 2026-01-05 Words: 767,511 Chapters: 77/?





Burning Red


by NoNameWriter

Summary

Children’s hair sometimes changes color as you grow. When he’s young enough for it not to be unusual, but old enough to know he’ll get in trouble for doing something ‘freakish’ again, Harry's hair goes from his father's dark locks to his mother's bright, most-likely-magical red hair.

It changes everything about who he identifies with, who he wants to grow up to be, and who he thinks he is. Instead of having James Potter as his idol, Lily turns out to be a much better influence.

So instead of seeing a scruffy, most-likely-muggleborn boy standing beside him in Madam Malkin's before their first year, Draco only has eyes for the scarlet-haired, green-eyed creature who just walked into his life. Not that Harry will ever notice, given he's trying to simply survive Hogwarts.

Story Discord: https://discord.gg/8b7zt5PBHp



Notes

I don't own Harry Potter fyi nor do I support the creator's views, I just like the story.





Chapter 1: Book 1 : Pride : 1


Chapter Notes

PLEASE

This story is not for everyone; if you end up not liking it that's perfectly fine, but I am begging you to just stop reading and move on with your life. You don't need to explain to me why you hate it or why my take on these characters is toxic or whatever else it is you hate. I know my characters aren't perfect, I think perfect characters are exceedingly boring. No one in this story is "right". I get it, that can be rough on some people who just want a fun read.

Thank you for taking the time to even attempt reading it at all but please, you don't need to explain.



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Book 1: Pride

‘We are deserving of love,’ she said to anyone who would hear

though there were not many in a place like this.

‘We are not less or forgotten— I will not forget myself.’

It was written as an epitaph on a stone long since decayed,

Etched deeply in an unclean, defiant scrawl.

‘Wise men know better,’ he whispered in his children’s ear

who were not yet old enough to reminisce.

What would a stone care, what a heron thinks of oneself?

To be generous seemed vain beneath this curling shade—

yet it was told pride goeth, it seems, before her fall.

000

It was about the time Harry turned six that he noticed it, and he immediately panicked.

Aunt Petunia had tried shaving his head one too many times in an attempt to tame his wild locks and just mentioning 'blue wig' was enough to earn him cupboard time, so any indication that his hair was not the plain dark brown it'd always been was alarming enough to think she'd come after him again. There weren't exactly a lot of red heads in suburban Surrey so at the time, Harry had no clue that the deep red strands of hair coming in at the roots of his head were actually very natural and not another "freakish" thing happening to him that he couldn't control, but would get punished for anyway.

He had also never seen a picture of his mother and was not quite old enough to wrap his head around the idea of genetics in any case, so the moment he realized his hair was no longer growing in dark brown-ish black, he did his absolute best to hide it. He found a black bandanna in his school's lost and found and wore it whenever he left the cupboard, wrapped around his forehead to cover his scar and the back tip tucked into the knot to hide all his hair from view. The Dursleys already saw him as a maid so it fit in their minds while at home, and when out and about it only made it easier to call him a delinquent, plus Petunia hated his wild hair so him taking to hiding it and giving her more gossip fuel was a good thing. He wasn't reprimanded for wearing it at home and teachers already did their best to ignore him because of the Dursley's slander so he was never told not to wear it at school despite there being a 'no hats' rule most years. Petunia never attempted to cut his hair again since he was taking the initiative to hide it himself so he often took chunks of it with kitchen scissors--outside so no one would see the fine threads as realize someone near the Dursley household was walking around with 'freakish' red hair.

By the time he turned nine though… he had a sudden change of heart.

It was looking in the mirror after school one day, having gone to the bathroom and taken off his bandanna to fix it up before going back to the Dursleys for the night, that he just… looked at himself. His green eyes seemed a lot brighter than they'd ever been before, the red no longer just traces but a flood of scarlet that seemed to shine even under the poor florescent school ceiling lights and bring out the sea foam in his typically darker eyes. He hadn't really taken the time to see it since he'd noticed his dark locks going red, just quickly hiding it any time he caught a piece of red peeking into his field of vision, and even when he cut it he did it almost blindly and by feel when he was sure no one was looking, not caring how it really looked, just caring that it was short enough to hide beneath his cover. As a result it was cut horribly, wild pieces short enough to stick up in all directions and some longer ones left tangled and askew by him removing the bandanna so roughly, chunks of it matted into solid masses beyond saving.

And yet… even with all of that, he suddenly found himself thinking he liked his freakish red hair. It wasn't orange like a carrot or pink like a strawberry blonde or fake cherry red like those dyed 'freaks' Petunia and Vernon crossed the street to avoid, but a deep red so vibrant it was like curls of blood, the exact shade of a red delicious apple with highlights a fascinating golden-red that reminded him of gleaming mermaid scales in a book he once read when no one was looking in the school library. It was a majestic color like a vibrant sunset, the darkest feathers on a pretty cardinal, the deep sweet promise of a ripe fresh tomato on a heavy summer day, or the refined red velvet of Christmas-season ribbons. It reminded him of every good memory he had, and he had so preciously few of those that it kind of took him off guard to be overwhelmed with this feeling all at once, and so out of the blue.

He was too afraid to go around with hair like this out in the open, shuddering to think what his 'family' would do if they ever found out, but he suddenly wasn't gut-wrenchingly ashamed of weird hair like this. In fact, he liked it, quite a bit. Just like he liked his scar that he hid away; despite the fact he had to hide it he liked that it made him different and unique--and maybe important, in a world where he knew he was not important to anyone.

No one had hair like this and it was way more interesting than some silly old scar. Some small part of him wanted to be seen and some small part of him wanted to make friends and if he were able to walk around with pretty hair like this then maybe someone would look twice at him. Not just glance at him and quickly avoid eye contact when they realized who he was—that delinquent, that quiet freak not one wanted to associate with—but may stop and see him for who he actually was because he was vibrant enough to warrant looking twice. Because this was part of him and maybe he was proud of it. And maybe he felt… sad, that he himself had reduced such pretty locks to this utter mess just because he feared others knowing about it.

No, because he feared his so-called relatives knowing about it.

He liked his hair. As hard as that was to openly admit, even to himself, he suddenly knew it was true. He liked his hair, and he was proud of it.

But, reality being what it was, he combed it down a bit--slightly less roughly than usual-- and re-did his bandanna quickly before anyone came into the bathroom he was dawdling in. He did make a silent promise to himself though, to be kinder to his poor, pretty hair. Just because the Dursleys would hate it didn't mean he had to hate his own self just as much-- he could take pride in his appearance even if no one else would ever give him a second glance. He only had one ally in this world after all: himself. Just because he had no one didn't mean he had to abandon himself too.

In another life he wouldn’t care about his appearance, and it would snowball into caring less about his life as a whole: rash decisions that put his well-being at risk, resigning himself to those who treated him poorly, a dangerous over-eagerness to please anyone who gave him even a slight bit of positive attention...

No more. He wouldn’t be that person anymore, he swore as he watched himself in the mirror fix the bandanna back in place. He wasn’t stupid, he still had to hide it or else face Aunt Petunia’s wrath, but he no longer believed as she undoubtedly would that his hair would label him as even more of a freak. Like the clouds clearing he decided that his worth was not based on what anyone else said—from here on out only he could make himself feel worthless. No one else had that right, not when he knew what now he knew.

No one cared about him after all, no one bothered to look twice. It was in this moment Harry decided that he would care about himself, and that he would look twice and think maybe he wasn’t worthless. If he only had one ally in this world, he wasn’t going to betray himself any longer.

And so, he tried to keep better care of himself than before, starting with his hair but spilling over into other aspects of his life. He found a comb that Petunia had thrown out and kept it hidden in his cupboard, combing through his hair carefully each night and morning to make sure it wasn't going to end up a rat's nest again, and he let it grow this time. He checked the lost and found of both the school and the local library as often as he could before he found precisely what he was looking for: a thin, soft gray beanie that wasn't too thick to look like a crazy person even if he wore it in the summer (okay, he still looked like a crazy person, but he could go back to his bandana if he had to do yardwork outside when it was super-hot and it was perfect for every other occasion). The best part was that the beanie was designed to be baggy at the back which meant there was plenty of room for his hair to grow out a bit and no one realize what he had going on under the hat, which left him free to grow his hair out as long as he wanted and then work on cutting it more normally instead of the crazy hap-hazard thing he'd been doing up until that point.

It was this way that he noticed that his red hair was much softer than his old brown hair had been; he wasn't sure how this was possible or if he'd just never noticed, but when he was alone in his cupboard he found himself running fingers through it while combing it and just being in awe of how silky and soft it was. This did not, however, stop the wildness that Petunia so hated from dying down, at least not until months later when the piece of hair atop his forehead was long enough that he could stretch it just below his chin if he pulled it down to stop it's wild, semi-curly, randomly stuck up thing it had going on to lie straight for a second. By the time it was about two inches longer than even that, it was falling around his face and head in a wild, chaotic cloud around him and just barely brushing the middle of his neck--the wildness it had, never lying down when he kept it short, was used up by keeping most of its length caught up in the semi-curl and crazy directions it popped up in. Just out of the shower and sopping wet, it brushed the tops of his shoulders-- dry and flying around in its natural way, it simply framed is face in a longer-ish style that he actually quite liked.

It was also just long enough to pull back in a ponytail (girls left those things lying everywhere so he had quite the collection of ties) or a tiny plop on top of his head, which made it easier to hide beneath his beanie. He also quite enjoyed the feeling of letting it all puff out after a long day of pinning it up this way—the term 'letting your hair down' finally making sense and it was a simple pleasure in his life. Like taking a hot shower after a cold day, it was somehow relaxing, combined with his then-routine of combing it out slowly and carefully and just enjoying his mini me time. Harry had never had—nor ever conceived of— 'me time' before, but he liked it.

Such care into one aspect of his appearance he never even showed anyone spilled over until he was trying to take care of himself in other ways. For example Vernon and Petunia never once forced Dudley to brush his teeth if he didn't want to but Harry took it up religiously--twice a day in the morning and at night (he used tiny portions of Petunia and Vernon's toothpaste so they wouldn't notice; if Dudley's suddenly ran out they'd know something was up and he'd get in trouble for using something of his cousin's even if the loaf wasn't using it). He also took to washing his face more and carefully stealing sunscreen from the medicine cabinet and hiding it outside beneath bushes or even underground, in preparation of days Petunia forced him outside to do yardwork all day. He also took to carefully gluing his glasses back together rather than roughly with tape, and even managing to paint the rims with some dark green paint he'd nicked from art class—it was small and subtle enough that the Dursley's didn't notice it or ever bring it up if they did, not that they'd care much, but it was a small form of rebellion with his appearance that Harry was very proud to have gotten away with.

He used the school library to look up what good food was, and what you needed to eat to be healthy and tall and strong--absolutely none of which the Dursleys had anywhere near their house which was his first problem. It was actually remarkably easy to fix though, as he plucked up the courage to ask his aunt to be able to do the grocery shopping, and to cook dinner as well as breakfast for them all. He knew they wouldn't do it if they thought he liked those chores, but he'd phrased it in that he desperately did not want to be in his cupboard all evening and would do anything to get out more--even more chores like shopping and cooking dinner. Petunia, for all her desire to be a 'normal' and a Norman Rockwell-esque housewife, did not like cooking and was actually rather bad at it; it was just that her husband and son were whales who'd eat a whole pig before noticing it was still alive. Her desire not to do it and his clever first deception meant he was then in charge of meals and grocery shopping.

Petunia was no budget master and so had a standard amount of money for food shopping that she gave to him for the trips that she'd always spent in her poorly-informed shopping sprees, and with just a few attempts to familiarize himself with what was available and what he could get on sale or cheaper for less brand-name but just-as-good options, he quickly figured out how to get everything she required him to cook and what he could stash to cook himself in his more, health-friendly diet. It wasn't like he ever ate with the rest of them anyway, and they didn't consider salad food at all (a 'precursor to food' Vernon had once called it, rather poetically) so even if they did see him setting aside some leafy greens or other vegetables, so long as his chicken or beef or other 'main entree' helping was sufficiently tiny to their standards of what he 'deserved', they were fine.

Given that he was then cooking not only the two meals they ate together but also packing all their lunches, he had free reign of the fridge and could hide most of his own stuff very easily. Put it on a lower shelf and maybe towards the back a bit and Vernon and Dudley, who often came in hunt of snacks and would never bend down to actually search the whole fridge, would never see it. And on that note, Harry took to whipping up puddings and other terrible treats to put directly in eye-sight when someone opened the fridge for a late night snack to even further distract from the vegetables and other healthier things he was buying himself; not that he thought Vernon in particular would glance twice at a head of lettuce but if he did wonder who was buying (and then more importantly eating) all these vegetables, he might realize it was in fact not his wife and that he was actually spending money on his despicable nephew and throw a fit. Harry took extra care to hide even more suspicious things, like tofu--if Vernon ever plucked up the desire to bend down and see the back corner of his own fridge Harry might actually die from the lashing he'd get from having brought that 'hippy nonsense' in the house.

So, when he was actually eating enough to feel satisfied and healthy enough to start feeling much better than he ever had before, he turned to the last part of his 'new leaf', which was exercise. He got quite a bit running from Dudley and other bullies and just went with it: he ran to and from school and found several longer routes to stretch out the routine. And the second Dudley’s gang started looking sketchy he took off too—he used that as an excuse to take longer and longer runs and Petunia never commented if he was gone for two hours or more. She was probably content in her assumed knowledge he was too scared to go near her precious Duddikins and took no issue so long as she continued to exist under the impression the ‘freak’ was not gaining anything from the arrangement.

He attempted a couple exercises that he could do from his cupboard, mostly sit-ups, but found them a lot less enjoyable than running. Still, he got a fair amount done out of sheer boredom that plagued him during long cupboard stays.

The longer this new pattern went on, the more Harry realized his relatives were rather thick. After a full six months of hiding food in the Dursley’s own fridge and getting his way by cleverly phrasing his requests, he realized that his “family’s” hatred of him blinded them to pretty much everything else about him aside from his existence. He got a lot of good practice putting on masks and acting quiet and humble, all the while plotting and figuring out the best way to get what he wanted.

The key to being successful was threefold: first, a lack of fear—the longer he got away with it the more confidence he had that he wouldn’t get caught. Not that he ever lowered his guard, but he wasn’t all around terrified that the Dursleys would somehow know if he did anything wrong like he once was, they simply weren’t smart enough for that. The second was careful planning, and having a back up plan just in case—fortunately (or more like unfortunately) he got a lot of quiet time in his cupboard to simply lie there and plot and so it only took him a couple weeks to get very, very good at this. Even if he thought up a plan and a back-up, doing nothing for hours on end inevitably had his mind circling over his plots again and again, almost always coming up with something else he hadn’t thought of to prepare for, the result being very effective plans when combined with his budding acting skills.

The third and final key though, was low expectations. It sounded bad but Harry wasn’t here scheming to be spoiled like Dudley, he just wanted to ensure he’d have dinner that night, and breakfast the following morning, and so on. As his plans got more elaborate, he still wasn’t plotting to take over the world, he just wanted to be able to not fail out of primary school and eventually get a job away from this place as his own person. He didn’t care what the job was in any way, but he wanted to be free.

Getting tiny little tastes of freedom when a plan was successful and he managed to get away with something he wanted was highly addicting, and it made long nights locked in a cupboard even worse. In fact, by the time he turned ten his stomach would flip every time he caught sight of the thing, and when he was being ordered to climb back into it he felt like his whole body was rejecting the sheer thought of getting into the tiny space he’d once considered his safe place, his semi-home in this house which would never be home.

He didn’t regret learning to value himself more than others seemed to, but it made lowering himself to be locked in a cupboard about 100 times worse than it’d ever been before. He used to not care, since it was dark and quiet and away from his relatives, but now he cared. He cared a lot.

He tried very, very hard not to outright hate the cupboard as he knew there was no escaping it until he was physically too big to fit into it anymore, and even then he could only imagine what the Dursleys would do. Probably just kick him into the un-air-conditioned, un-heated shed out back, and he knew older-him would not enjoy that either so just tried to keep breathing steadily and deal with the cupboard while he had it. He couldn’t hate it or he’d go insane, but controlling his emotions this way was turning out to be quite the learning experience; he was not an inherently patient person but he knew he had to be. He had to pick and choose his battles wisely and the cupboard was not one he knew he could ever win, so he just kept his jaw shut and focused on the rest of his life the best he was able to.

His lack of complaints or sass now that he learned to school his expressions and his willingness to be a good little cook and maid seemed to inspire his aunt and uncle in a terrible way and they we happy to pile on more chores than they ever had before. With his growing uneasiness at the cupboard, Harry couldn’t even deny it was better than being cooped up in that dark corner, and he soon found himself with a daily maid-like list of chores tending to the Dursley household, including cooking their three meals, doing the laundry, vacuuming, dusting, and wiping down every excessively shiny surface in “Petunia’s” kitchen, on top of gardening constantly and mowing and tending the outside panels and windows. It certainly kept him busy, and he wondered what the heck his Aunt did in a day given she was a ‘housewife’ by profession and yet he was doing literally every chore in the household.

Still, he did not complain as eventually he found he liked pretty much having free reign of the kitchen, it easily becoming his safe place even from his relatives. Apparently, he was a good cook and two of the three loved to eat, so while their verbal abuse and the whacks on the back of his head were frequent and harsh, they kept him relatively uninjured so that he could keep working in the kitchen. If that was in any way related to his quickly growing skills at whipping up horrible concoctions of fried, greasy, calorie-filled, nightmare-like meals that Vernon and Dudley devoured with unprecedented glee, Harry didn’t give those thoughts a voice. If he did it in he wild hope his uncle and cousin would get so fat they’d abruptly pop one day, then it was also a tightly held day-dream he made sure no one was aware he had.

Still, given the arrangement he knew his ‘job’ was safe for the moment and it gave him a level of power he’d never had before, and that he desperately liked. If he wanted to survive this place, he needed even a small sliver of power to hold his place in this house, and not cast aside like unwanted garbage.

Harry knew it was working when his food budget went up a little bit over time, and though he didn’t outwardly grin as he just took the envelope of money and left for the grocery store with an otherwise black and resigned expression, he certainly wanted to. He rewarded his uncle’s thinking by investing in even more sweets and spent every last pound of this particular donation on a big turkey, with everything you’d need for a wonderful Normal Rockwell painting. He had vegetables for the week after all, so he didn’t need to nick any off the top.

That night for dinner he laid out a Thanksgiving feast any American would drool over, setting the table immaculately and scrubbing the kitchen spotless. He whipped up deserts and filled a basket with sweets in the place he knew Dudley looked first. When his aunt and uncle got home, Vernon praised Petunia and she took all the credit as Harry knew she would—he remained in the pantry organizing his stores and mentally cataloging for future meals and entirely out of sight while they enjoyed what he’d done, him already having eaten his fill as it was made and in much healthier quantities. They ate themselves into a food coma and then retired to the living room to watch TV and talk about nothing; Harry cleaned up every dish and packed the rest in neat lunch boxes for tomorrow, though they’d eaten most of horrifyingly enough so he had new sandwiches and chips to toss in too.

While he never put that much effort in again, unless ordered too because they had a guest coming over or something, the trick had been done and Vernon Dursley now subconsciously kept adding to the food budget he handed to his nephew each week. Every time it increased an amount of note, Harry carefully rewarded him with his favorite meal or desert, or an all-out glutton-fest of some sort that was easily enough procured. His favorite method he’d heard about from one of he programs they watched once, while he was in his cupboard—he withheld something, like steak or a certain type of sweet or a certain flavor, for weeks on end. When his “reward” was something simple like a blueberry pie or a simple, nicely cooked steak, the same reaction was received. It was as if he was satisfying a craving that he himself created, and he got very, very good at that.

What he did with the extra pocket money Vernon was unaware he was willingly giving away? Well, Harry carefully saved it and only bought what he could sneak in without anyone noticing, and that he could then hide in his cupboard entirely. Again, going with his ‘low expectations’ mantra, he stuck to things he needed and could get at either the grocery store where he shopped or the drug store he passed on his way home: new underwear, new socks, tiny bottles of nicer shampoo and conditioner, a sewing kit to try and fix some of his hand-me-down clothes just a little bit with his unskilled hands, band-aides, new shoelaces, hair ties of prettier colors, soap, notebooks, pens, crossword puzzles for his long cupboard-times, a decent flashlight for said cupboard, a reading light for a book, and the list went on. Tiny things the Dursleys wouldn’t notice, but things to make his life just a little more bearable.

He also took a risk and bought some make-up—a concealer tube he thought matched his skin tone and went up to his aunt saying he found it on the street and could he please use it to hide his scar?

Aunt Petunia took a great deal of pleasure in calling him a girl and even more of a freak from then on, but she’d allowed it most likely because it’d give her even more reason to ridicule him and hide yet another freakish thing about him so she was all for it. Harry took the insults with no more response than a ‘poorly concealed mask of hurt and embarrassment’ face, however he didn’t care. He’d already known this would be her reaction when he bought he make up and made this plan, and it had all gone according to his expectation so he just let the insults hit home and went about his day—careful to not let her know that he wasn’t actually affected by her taunting, keeping a mask of discomfort and embarrassment on to fuel her fire and keep her content for now.

He’d debated about hiding his scar, but decided for it in the end. He used to like it because it made him feel unique, but it served no purpose when he was trying to keep under the Dursley’s radar and he had his hair if he ever wanted to stand out some day. His hair was part of who he was and he took more pride in it than a funny looking scar he got from the car crash that killed his parents. It wasn’t the only thing that made him special anymore, since he decided that he himself was special and he should stop treating himself so terribly, and really should only remind him of his parents’ deaths, and not something he should like about himself. He didn’t explicitly care that he had a scar on his face, but with his new pride in his appearance it did not really fit into his aesthetic and therefore decided make up was the best route.

It took a little practice, but he got good at covering it, buying a few other products over time from the drug store to help hide it entirely, and then it became part of his daily routine without much thought on his part. Since he stopped complaining and acted very willing to be their chef, the Dursleys stopped locking him in at night so that he could get up and make them lusciously large breakfasts so (with a tiny, quiet alarm clock he’d also bought for himself) now had almost as much time as he wanted to get ready in the morning so long as he was neck-deep in cooking by the time his Aunt woke, got ready, and made it downstairs. He took his time to brush his hair, brush his teeth, wash his face, fix his hat, cover his scar, and adjust whatever hand me downs he was wearing at the time to be semi-presentable without causing the Dursley’s any suspicion. Since he was doing the laundry his clothes were always clean now and slightly more his size thanks to his rudimentary sewing skills and long nights in the cupboard.

He also learned to get up earlier even so that he could do the homework he undoubtedly never had time for the night before, and so went from totally failing to just-behind-Dudley kind of failing. At least he was learning and knew he was likely an average, if not above-average student on his own, and the fact he wasn’t actually stupid was reassuring despite the fact his grades would not lead you to believe that. He had decided that getting into trouble over his grades being higher than Dudley’s wasn’t worth it in the grand scheme of things—he planned to learn as much as he could without letting that show in his grades, and knew he wouldn’t be going to the same secondary school as his cousin. Once they were in different schools he’d resolved to do a lot better but find a way to hide it… without being in Dudley’s classes there had to be a way, even if he had to resort to giving his teachers the wrong home address and phone number—he could probably beg Ms. Figg to pretend to be his aunt twice a year when report cards came in; she didn’t seem like she was overly fond of Aunt Petunia in the first place and was kind to him, if not very weird with the cats and the cake thing. For parent teacher nights he doubted his aunt and uncle would even go in the first place, so there was less of a concern there.

And even if they found out… well, he’d cross that bridge when he got there, but he knew his future was important. While he was still ten, quickly approaching being eleven, this tenuous peace he’d set up for himself was more important. When he was older and only a couple years from graduating and taking tests that would determine his future, he knew peace was not a suitable excuse for harming his potential chances at a life-after-the-Dursleys. He’d likely not be able to hide his better grades indefinitely and had already resigned himself to spending a couple years as a fifteen or sixteen-year-old either back in the cupboard, or in the shed for good this time. Locked in and hungry.

He was already not thrilled with the prospect and would do anything to hide it as long as he could, but he’d thought it out and knew two hungry years was worth it for a better future away from this place, and these terrible relatives of his.

It was this grim acceptance and this decision made that had him sneaking books from the library into his cupboard as well as his other goodies. If he was going to submit to go hungry and be reduced back to the Dursley’s pet “freak”, and he already knew he would have to endure it, he might as well make it all the more worth it in the end and study up as much as he could. He wasn’t a brilliant student but he had plenty of hours alone in a dark cupboard to read and get caught up, or even get ahead with his curriculum.

All in all, life continued. Harry got the hang of how to navigate it without too much issue, as his insane workload became routine and he became an expert at avoiding most forms of trouble by keeping his mouth shut and slyly sidestepping minefields of potential trouble. He kept his true thoughts, personality, dreams, hopes, ambitions—all of it he locked up tight behind a politely blank mask that nodded in a submissive, obedient manner any time his relatives commanded something of his and looked properly cowed or defeated at their scathing insults despite their words having stopped meaning a thing years ago.

Any biting response or surge of injustice, unfairness and humiliation he felt was swallowed and he just continued on the best he could, and planned. One day this act would be worth it, and he’d be free, and that was what he kept telling himself—five dozen times a day, it seemed.

One day. He promised himself. One day, I will be free. Survive until then.

It was a very uneventful day in the life and times of Harry Potter, as he continued on in this manner and just kept living the best he was able to, when a letter with green handwriting on the front dropped through the mail slot. He was commanded to get the mail and he did without a word, letting the bacon sizzle for a moment to go collect it and deliver it to his uncle’s hand.

It was pure chance the top letter was facing upwards, and he caught sight of his own name as he picked the pile up, and blinked rapidly down at the heavy, ominous thing of thick parchment that looked very un-ordinary amongst a pile of otherwise very ordinary mail.

He wasn’t quite aware of it at that one particular moment, but his stable world had just shattered.



Chapter End Notes

Also, yall can stop commenting about the 'thanksgiving feast', I just meant to describe a big meal with a turkey and all the sides. I'm not changing it because some people are allergic to context clues--also I don't care.





Chapter 2: Book 1 : Pride : 2




First of all, the universe was out to get him.

First the snake incident at the zoo, now this forsaken letter with his name on it. It was also very clearly marked ‘cupboard under the stairs’ which was frankly just rude, as if the person who’d written this letter was wholly aware and did in fact not care that the person he was writing to lived in a cupboard. Perhaps he was just particularly touchy about it given his growing (don’t say hatred, don’t say hatred, don’t say hatred)… dislike of the place of his residence, but whatever the reason it hit his pride and self-respecting points dead on, at every level.

Who do they think they are? He scowled to himself, before quickly clearing his expression. He turned like nothing had happened and shoved it through the slot on his cupboard as he passed by its door without missing a step, returning to the kitchen and placing the mail in his uncle’s open hand as he bypassed the table and quickly resumed tending the cooking breakfast before someone got impatient. Given that Dudley was already at the table, he had able two minutes before he started complaining—maybe less really—and he wanted them on their good sides for the time being.

Now was a very, very bad time to be causing trouble, and a letter written to him from a stranger would only cause trouble. It was only a letter and Harry doubted it was anything important but even so, any small hiccup was not appreciated at this moment.

It’d only been a week ago that what he dubbed the snake incident had occurred.

Truth be told when he’d realized he’d actually be allowed to go to the Zoo, even if it was for Dudley’s birthday, he’d been ecstatic. Besides neighbors’ dogs briefly and the distant cat, he’d never been able to interact with any kind of animal aside from frogs and garden snakes he’d sometimes stumble across in gardening. He’d read about a lot of them and heard some more from his cupboard while the Dursleys were watching TV, but to actually get to see them in real life had sent his heart aflutter. It was something new and out there from this stable, day-to-day survival game he played. He was going to see something out in the world and that had been totally worth it even knowing that deviating from his routine introduced countless ways for him to get into trouble with his relatives, or just trouble in general. He’d been on his most perfect behavior possible, and even the lies and fake obedience couldn’t bother him as they went out for the day to the zoo.

He’s seen all sorts of sights, not just the animals, that he’d never seen before. People, foods, landscape. It was a bigger taste of freedom than he was familiar with and it was exhilarating, and quite possibly the best day he’d had in a long time—if not his life.

But, as mentioned, the universe ws out to get him.

He was aware of the strange things that could sometimes happen to him, but nothing like that had happened since he’d gotten his act together and started playing the Dursleys for fiddles. He thought, in hindsight, that maybe his control of his emotions and his general state of existence meant he was somehow controlling the weird things too. And that’s why, as he got too excited with the sights and sounds of a day out at the zoo, something had slipped his control.

He had had a very pleasant conversation with a boa constrictor which seemed to understand him somehow (it did not occur to him at the time that talking to a snake that was nodding back to him was weird, but again, hindsight being 20-20 it was most definitely a weird event) when Dudley had caught sight of its lifted head and came running back to shove Harry out of the way.

Have entirely expected this he managed to keep his footing and just stand to the side as Dudley tapped harshly at the glass, the snake somehow looking less pleased with this other human. Somehow. If snakes could have expressions, Harry was getting the vibe it didn’t like Dudley much, and hey the feeling was mutual. It was a rough day when he was sympathizing with a snake whose living quarters were… hold up a second, was this enclosure bigger than his cupboard? For some reason that really annoyed him.

The snake turned its head to look him in the eye and yeah, Harry could sympathize. He wanted… more than anything, to be free. And so it seemed did the snake.

It was that moment that the glass of the boa constrictor exhibit entirely disappeared.

It was a bloody miracle Harry’s reflex when Dudley went flailing forward was to snap his hand out and fist into the back of his shirt, roughly pulling him back before he could fall in. He did not want to imagine how badly he’d get punished if Dudley were somehow to fall into a snake enclosure and the glass freaking disappearing in what he could only imagine was another weird event was somehow blamed on him.

After that had been chaos—Dudley screamed and Harry dragged him back just as the snake got the idea that he was free. Harry didn’t want to say he was jealous of a snake, but he was definitely jealous of a snake as it slumped its huge body out of the enclosure with haste and started slithering away to its freedom.

“Thanksss amigo,” he thought he heard it say as it slithered between the ankles of now-panicking and fleeing tourists, and Harry had to force himself not to grin as he grabbed Dudley’s hand and pulled him in the opposite direction that the snake was headed.

Good luck, he thought silently instead, hoping it miraculously did somehow manage to make it back to Brazil.

Be it that his aunt and uncle ran up to them (or aggressively waddle, in Vernon’s case) and Harry was pulling Dudley away from the danger or that he feigned a terrified expression in such a believable way, his acting skills just so darn impressive that as he cried crocodile tears and whimpered in the back seat of their car on the way home, whatever the reason they perhaps thought he’d been punished enough without having to inflict any damage themselves. Even as Piers, Dudley’s friend, had made the devastating jump to say Harry had made the glass disappear, he was yelled at on the drive home and then ordered to make dinner fit for a king to make Dudley feel better after that shock on his birthday.

He hadn’t been ordered to his cupboard though, which was a key distinction. His aunt and uncle, a full week later, were being twice as nasty as they usually were, but their words meant nothing to him anymore and he wasn’t locked in his cupboard until further notice. He thought the combination of Dudley not actually having been hurt, them not actually having witnessed the snake and only going of Dudley’s and Piers’ words, that he’d gotten Dudley out of there, and acted sufficiently traumatized meant that he’d just barely gotten out of that one no worse for the wear. Dudley had already forgotten and eventually his aunt and uncle would return to their normal amount of hating him instead of remembering they hated him for any particular reason, which would be for the best.

Of course then just as things were about to start settling down for real, a letter came, addressed to him.

What an absurd thing, first of all—who in their right mind was writing to him of all people? Secondly, if they knew the Dursleys at all they definitely hated him by trying that nonsense. Thirdly, the address of ‘cupboard under the stairs’ very much bothered him. It ticked him off in two parts: first in that they clearly knew where he slept and didn’t seem to care (if they cared they’d address it in the letter, not on the front of the bloody envelop where the mail man and literally everyone else could see that—how horribly humiliating) and secondly that they had such terrible timing as to risk one of the Dursleys seeing that when he was in the middle of trying to get them back on their good sides—Vernon sometimes came down late and picked the mail up on his way to the kitchen, what if it’d been one of those days!? That forsaken letter could’ve messed everything up.

With a silent sigh he pushed it from his mind and went about the rest of the day—school, chores, dinner, chores, cupboard. Like every other day, especially now that he was trying to avoid trouble, doubly so until the snake incident was put from their minds.

It was after dinner and his last minutes chores were done that he got back to his cupboard, the Dursleys watching TV and Dudley undoubtedly breaking another video game upstairs. He found the letter and shuffled up into a sitting position with a sigh to get it over with, his curiosity finally coming back to the surface now that he had an opportunity to quench it. It was a thick piece of paper, a kind he’d never seen before, and sealed with a chunk of melted wax, an “H” stamped into it. Even more curious he opened it and read…

000

Dear Mr. Potter

We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment.

Term begins on September 1. We await your owl no later than July 31.

Yours Sincerely,

Minerva McGonagall

Deputy Headmistress

000

Harry stopped, blinked, and then re-read it. Rinse and repeat about four times.

This had to be a joke, right? Witches and wizards and things… then again, the snake incident, ending up on a roof, his teacher’s wig… not to mention he could 100% imagine this is why the Dursleys hated him for no apparent reason since as long as he could remember. They hated Halloween even more than they hated him, surprisingly enough, so if they’d somehow known he was… what was it, a wizard? If they’d known that all along it would make a lot of sense than that they just literally hate their own nephew for no good reason. They’re stupid, and cruel, but they’re not smart enough to have held a grudge for what amounts to a decade over stupid little things like the fact they “put clothes on his back” or “feed him”. They were terrible people but if they were going to hate him constantly for ten years then it’s because of something that hasn’t changed in all of those ten years. Him being not normal would explain a great deal and fit pretty well into what he already knew of his relatives—and he knew quite a lot given he’d spent the past two years learning to manipulate them into allowing his continued, unimpeded existence.

Besides, as he read through the included equipment and books list, they were… very detailed. If it was a joke then someone had even less of a life than Harry himself did in taking the time to come up with some of this stuff just to prank people with.

His mind said yeah, it was a joke. How could it not be?

But that side of him that’s been wanting nothing more out of life than to be free whispered… hey, maybe it wasn’t. Wouldn’t it be grand if it were real? That old, reoccurring dream of him flying on a motorbike… that could very well be real too if witches and wizards and magic truly did exist. That silent wish he’d had when he was younger and miserable in his dark little closet, of someone appearing to take him away… even if this were just a cruel, cruel joke, that tiny spark of something inside of him that hadn’t quite given in to being a realist and a child wanted this to be true more than anything he’d ever wanted anything in his life.

If magic were real, and he got to go to a school away from the Dursleys and learn things like flying on a motor bike and… glancing at the list, reading things like potions and broomsticks, he felt his imagine itch to be let free and just picture himself over a big cauldron of some crazy concoction or flying through the air on a broomstick like a real witch from picture books…

…he couldn’t quite bring himself to believe this. But… he didn’t give up hope either.

There was only one way to figure this out for certain, and so he made a plan. Until he knew either way, he wasn’t going to get his hopes up (more than they already were, gosh darn it… if this was a joke he was going to kill someone, he swore), but he also wasn’t going to pass this opportunity up just quite yet. The disappearing glass and the jumping onto the roof… that wasn’t in his head, he knew that, and that meant he had one concrete reason not to dismiss this just yet. He didn’t have an owl or whatever that meant, so he’d send it by normal post tomorrow—there was a blue mail box outside the school that would work so the Dursleys didn’t catch him. He also didn’t have any spare paper, but he did have a pen stashed away for notes somewhere in here, so he shifted around until he found one, and then flipped the thick paper over to write his response.

000

Dear Deputy Headmistress,

I wasn’t aware magic was real and that there was a school for it, and I’d like a confirmation this isn’t a joke first. If it is, you’re a cruel person.

I also have several questions about the way this letter was written and delivered as it caused quite a bit of trouble.

Strangers and letters are not welcome at this address, however to respond please send to the address listed below marked with ‘hold for Harry Potter’ and I will retrieve it.

Sincerely,

Harry Potter

P.S—why are first years not allowed brooms?

000

He re-read and it and thought it was fine, there was just too much to ask in his first letter and he wanted to hear what they’d say. If their story was too convoluted or they avoided answering questions, then it was probably fake, but if it sounded legitimate…

He pressed his lips into a thin line considering that, but pushed it aside for now and added the address to the public library nearby to the bottom of the missive—it was on his way home from school if he took one of his longer running routes and figured it was a safer bet than here. He’d seen some people receive letters this way for one reason or another, and although it clearly annoyed the librarian she’d never had a problem with him coming in at odd times to sit quietly in a corner and read, and figured he could get away with it just for a couple letters.

He folded the letter back over so his response was on the inside and wrapped it in spare notebook paper, pinning it down with the wax seal he’d picked off the original letter and applying enough pressure that it stuck well enough and wrote “Miverva McGonagall—Hogwarts” on the front. It was sketchy as heck and yet another reason this was absolutely going to be just a joke and nothing more but… honestly, what did he have to lose?

He slept very poorly that night, trying to clear his mind of thoughts and just enjoy rest while he had it because he had to wake up early as always, but the stupid cupboard he was trying very hard not to actively hate was driving him up the wall more than usual. Images of broomsticks and magic wands and magic in general kept trying to take over and he wanted desperate to just let go and believe in it but he couldn’t.

His cynical side was already preparing himself mentally to put up his masks for the Dursleys when this inevitably turned out to be a very poor joke and the little hope that had blossomed in his chest was squashed out entirely. He couldn’t just give in and start dreaming nonsense without proof that it wasn’t going to turn right around and bite him on the behind as soon as his got a response to this letter and that tiny bit of hope went out like a snuffed candle. His life here was only bearable because he knew what to expect and how to handle it; he’d already braced himself against the Dursley’s hateful words and now they could skate off his skin like water. If he got his hopes up… and it didn’t turn out…

His heart clenched in the darkness—the house long since quiet as the rest of its inhabitants went off to sleep while he lie there thinking troublesome thoughts.

He both wished that this letter were true and that it had never shown up in today’s mail to give him hope.

Because if that hope go crushed… that tiny part of himself that was still a child who believed in things like magic and promises and goodness in people would die, right then and there. He wasn’t sure he was ready for that, and he was afraid.

He hadn’t been this afraid in a long time, not since he’d gotten a handle on things in his life. He could only lie there and helplessly, pathetically desperately pray to anyone who was listening that this wasn’t going to hurt him more than life already did.





Chapter 3: Book 1 : Pride : 3




Harry couldn’t handle his own emotions when he got back to the Dursley’s after school the following day, and he knew his expression was a total mess and honestly didn’t care.

He’d mailed the letter that morning on his way in and while it was stupid he’d decided to check the library on his way home—he blamed the utter torture this whole ordeal was causing him by messing with his emotions. He could handle himself when only faced with the Dursley’s hate, like leaning against a brick wall that was marching forward at you and pushing it back. In the face of their disgust and ill-opinions, which they’d instilled in pretty much everyone in the local community too, all he had to do was not crack. Someone insults you, don’t cry. Someone throws something at you, don’t flinch. It was a simple cause and effect—no matter what, don’t break from the blank mask he was wearing.

Now though, it’s as if the wall he’d been pushing against had grown hands and leaned back—not only was he off-balance from this ever-present force suddenly not coming at him as it once was, but that force was hitting him from several new angles and he wasn’t quite sure how to roll with those punches. Was he supposed to be happy or angry about this Hogwarts business? And if he didn’t know how he was supposed to feel, then how was he supposed to act the opposite? What was he supposed to be feeling or doing right now, and how could he hide that from the world?

He didn’t have answers and he didn’t know how he felt much less how he should feel, so he checked the library in the vain hope there’d be a response already.

So it was therefore a bit of a shock, and not necessarily a pleasant one, to see yet another letter with his name on it at the front desk, a frowning librarian reminding him not to send post here as she handed it to him. That had been way faster than he was expecting, and he understandably freaked out, just barely keeping it together to not have the librarian kick him out before he marched quickly and quietly to the back corner of the library where old slightly-outdated encyclopedias lived. It was a rare day anyone came back here, so he knew he had a bit of privacy for the moment.

And privacy is what he needed, because there was no bloody way he was going to go straight back to the Dursleys and then have to act normal while he cooked and did his chores knowing this letter was sitting unopened in his cupboard. He needed to know what it said, and he needed to know now.

He ripped it open much faster than the last one, and his heart beat a little faster to see that it was actually a pretty long response—his eyes snapping to the text and drinking it in.

000

Dear Mr. Potter,

It is alarming news to hear you are unaware of magic, as I was under the impression your aunt and uncle would have informed you of this rather pertinent fact. Be assured I am not joking; you are a wizard as were both of your parents—both of whom were students of mine in the past. Rest assured James Potter and Lily Evans were most definitely magical, and you clearly were as well last I saw you when you were but an infant.

We have representatives who we have meet with students who were born to non-magical parents and not aware of magic before they receive their Hogwarts letter, however since you were on our list as being of magical decent and thought to have been previously informed by your aunt and uncle, I will have to make secondary arrangements for someone to come meet with you and answer some of your questions.

I am a tad concerned about your comment that no strangers or letters are welcome at your residence, but I will oblige for now. I will have someone meet you at this address you’ve provided this Saturday at 10am who will answer more about magic and help you gather your school gear for this coming year—if you accept this invitation to our esteemed school, that is.

To answer what I can for now, Hogwarts letters are generated by a self-writing quill with the addresses of students that is magically tracked in our ledger, which records when a magical child is born and to whom they are living with. I do not actually handle the letters more than signing off on them, and the owls take them on their way. Owls are how the magical community delivers letters, as they’re extremely intelligent and can find their target anywhere in the world without our interference. I do not know what the owl who delivered your letter did nor what was wrong with it upon delivery but with more details I can look into it.

On that note, you may leave your letters for delivery outside at will with it addressed to ‘Hogwarts’ and an owl will come and collect it—they are on standby until newly accepted students reach Hogwarts their first time.

I look forward to hearing from you Mr. Potter,

Sincerely,

Minerva Mcgonagall

P.S—You did not know magic existed until you got your letter just now and are already asking to ride a broom. They are dangerous if you don’t know what you’re doing and as a first year you’ll be allowed to take flying lessons with school-issued brooms, able to practice on them all you like under supervision, just not a broom of your own for the first year. We don’t want young children just barely learning to control their magic flying off, never to be heard from again. Please take this warning seriously.

000

Harry read it twice.

The first thing that struck him, is that she seemed a little desperate in that last sentence and wondered what that was about. He didn’t want to disappear forever of course and figured riding a broom would be similar to riding a bike—not that he’d ever done that before either, but he wouldn’t go full speed the moment he got on either one of those rides and was a bit worried about why she seemed worried he would.

Then again, magic probably had tons of dangers he knew nothing about, having grown up in the normal world.

Then it hit him—he believed her.

He had to sit down and crouch behind a bookcase and breath deeply for several minutes until the shock wore off and his heart stopped trying to make a mad dash from his chest because holy hell he believed her.

Magic was real, he was a wizard…

He looked up and cleared his eyes, focusing on his next steps. Because magic was real, he was a wizard, and he needed a plan.

000

Getting a day free of the Dursleys was not hard; he’d had a contingency plan in place for several months in case he needed to get out for one reason or another. He’d been saving it for a rainy day, but this definitely counted as a worthy occasion.

Thursday night he quietly approached his aunt as she straightened up the living room he’d already cleaned, arranging pillows he’d already fluffed up an inch to the left and clicking her tongue like she was put upon to have to tidy up her own house that had already been cleaned.

“Aunt Petunia?”

“What is it.” She snapped, not even looking at him.

“I have detention this Saturday at school.”

That got her attention and her beady eyes went to him immediately, then down to the paper he was holding in his hand. She snatched it from his grip and sneered at it.

“What is this? A—a zero!?”

The test in question was peer-reviewed and since no one bothered to be his partner he’d looked it over himself. He’s purposefully done poorly, but still got a C on it. He’d erased his own pencil markings and gone back over it with a bright red marker to mark every one of them wrong though, putting a bright “F” on the top for her enjoyment. He knew for a fact she wasn’t going to actually read through it, nor would she know off the top of her head any of the specific geography questions on it even if she did. They were covering world countries after all, and she didn’t even really care about her own neighbors much less the capital cities in Africa.

Her reaction was as expected, and she sneered impressively, clearly trying to keep from grinning.

“It’s almost an achievement to be this stupid. Do they want you in supplementary lessons then?”

“No, the teacher said I was too dumb to fix and just gave me detention so I’d not get another zero.” He was quiet and subdued like this hurt him to say. He didn’t care when she let out a wild cackle, glad he didn’t over-do it.

“That’s rich,” she hissed in mirth, forgetting to sneer and now just grinning at the paper before shoving it into his chest. “Go hang this on the fridge boy, next to Dudley’s. Enjoy your detention.”

“I’ll be gone all day… should I do chores when I get home?”

“No—when you get home go straight to your cupboard as punishment.” She said, but her grin clearly said she didn’t give a flip that he was actually punished for this, and probably really wanted him to fail again just so she could be this amused in the future too. He wasn’t pleased about the cupboard situation, but it was probably for the best as the day might tire him out and this way he could sneak in and claim he was in his cupboard longer than he was if the outing took longer than expected. And they wouldn’t be expecting to see him at all, which would make the cover easier.

“Yes, Aunt Petunia.” He took the paper back to the kitchen to hang on the fridge and start dinner.

Now, he only had to wait for Saturday to come.

000

Meeting Hagrid was a surreal experience.

Not only was he HUGE and wild-looking, but he coupled the terrifying look with a bright pink umbrella and one of the sweetest personalities Harry had ever had the chance of meeting. Giant, hulking, intimidating as his presence was as he lumbered up the street and straight up the walk to the library and the front bench where Harry was waiting, as soon as he noticed the wide-eyed look he was getting from the small child on the bench, his beetle-black eyes lit up in sparkles and even through the crazy beard he had you could tell the man was grinning happily.

“Is’at you ‘Arry? Blimey if you ain’t grown!”

First of all, how did this man know him? Secondly, who was he? The first answer was reasonably quick to come as he was probably the representative McGonagall said she’d send, so even though he’d half been expecting her or another woman, (and this guy was the polar OPPOSITE) he quickly got his composure back, clearing his throat.

“Um… who are you?”

“Name’s Hagrid—Keeper o’ the Keys at Hogwarts! McGonagall told ya someone from Hogwarts would be comin’ to show ya around the Alley, right?”

Harry smiled a bit hesitantly, but earnestly. “Right, she did say that. I’m Harry… but ah, you knew that…? Somehow?”

“Sure thing I do!” He beamed, and Harry got the vibe of a puppy. It softened him a little bit to this stranger. “I knew yer parents when they were at Hogwarts—dat father o’ yours was a right prankster so I chased ‘im and his friends away from the forest for seven years ya know. And I was there when you were a baby—I ‘elped drop ya off at yer aunt’s that night yer parents were killed, and you was just so tiny. Look at you all grown!”

Harry blinked rapidly. That was a lot to take in. But… this man knew his parents, just like McGonagall did. Harry felt himself trust him, just a little more.

But one thing bothered him.

“Have you ever met my aunt?”

“Ah, no, can’t say I ‘ave. Did she want ta come with, today?”

“No, she definitely doesn’t.” He smiled a bit nervously, brushing that thought off as quickly as possible. “I, um… this is going to sound a bit stupid but… magic is real, right? This isn’t a joke?”

The giant man’s eyes darkened. “Oh ya, McGonagall told me yer aunt and uncle never said anything about you bein’ a wizard. Well ya are, I promise ya that! I’m not suppose ta do magic so I can’t prove it out here where there could be muggles about, but I can show you Diagon Alley—where ya can buy yer school stuffs, and there’s tons o’ magic to be seein’ there. Yer Lily and James’ son and they were some o’ the finest witch and wizard I ever met, I promise you—yer gonna be a wonderful wizard Harry I’m sure of it!”

Quite frankly, Harry was touched.

He might have teared up, it was hard to say. He had a lot of practice in schooling his expression, but in that moment he didn’t feel like using any of those learned skills at all. This giant lump of a man was just so bright and earnest he felt his face reflecting that earnest automatically—and it kind of alarmed him.

True to form though instead of bursting into tears he quickly changed gears before he started bawling. “Thanks Hagrid—ah, what are muggles exactly?”

“Non-magic folk,” he supplied easily, either not noticing or not caring about the sudden shift in conversation as his black eyes grinned down at him cheerily, and Harry had a feeling it was the former. All that told him though, was that Hagrid was a bit slow on the uptake… and he was genuinely kind, to have said something like that for no other ulterior motive than that he believed it to be true.

Okay, he definitely teared up a bit.

No more, he reminded himself quietly. You wanted to be free, didn’t you?

… Harry took a breath and smiled widely up at the Keeper of the Keys looking curiously down at him.

“Okay. I believe you, Hagrid—let’s see what this is all about.”

000

“Bit hot for a hat, don’t ya think?” Hagrid commented casually as they rode the subway wherever it was that they were going. Boring as traveling was most days, watching Hagrid try to navigate a bus, a train, and a subway, commenting all the clever ‘muggle inventions’ a bit too loudly and then whipping out a huge crochet blanket to work on while they rumbled along their way out of seemingly nowhere, was far more entertaining than it had any right to be. As they went along Harry asked question after question and learned quite a bit in a relatively short amount of time.

First, Hagrid was knowledgeable about the magical world on a basic level but was the equivalent of a janitor or groundskeeper at Hogwarts who actually didn’t care much about daily news or magical advancements, seeing as he couldn’t use it for some reason (and don’t think Harry didn’t notice him clutching that pink umbrella and get shifty when talking about that—right off the bat Harry was fully aware that Hagrid could not lie to save his life, which was good). He was also not a very good teacher as he skimmed over things far too hastily, taking for granted that he apparently grew up knowing this stuff and it was all brand new to Harry—had he not been paying more attention to everything Hagrid was saying that he’d ever paid attention to someone in his life Harry was sure he’d be lost in seconds. He was also confirmed to be a bit slow, and also insanely loyal to this Dumbledore fellow, who Harry took no time at all extracting from Hagrid was the one who placed Harry with the Dursleys and the Headmaster of this school he was now invited to attend.

From the way Hagrid spoke of the man, he was Jesus 2.0. Hagrid was earnest and easily manipulated and this Dumbledore seemed to be in a position of power and highly respected, meaning he knew damn well how to play a good game of words, Harry had no doubt. He’d known Hagrid less than two hours and was already a bit miffed over the fact this Headmaster was manipulating someone nice like Hagrid, but then again, people let themselves be manipulated at the heart of things and this Keeper of the Keys was easy pickings. He couldn’t fault this mystery guy since Harry was actively coercing information from him under the guise of a friendly conversation himself, and he had good intentions, so… he’d hold off on judgement of this Headmaster for the moment. Regardless, Hagrid was happy as he was, so Harry made a note to come back to that thought train later.

In his series of questions, he’d started with why he was accepted at Hogwarts. Turns out all magical children got an invite, so score. Then he asked about school supplies and how he’d pay for it—apparently this “Diagon Alley” was a place where you could buy everything (odd, but sure why not), and there was a bank run by actual goblins who Hagrid warned not to mess with and that his parents had left him a trust vault that would cover his school supplies. He asked about who was in charge of the magical world—did they have a king? A democracy?—and it turns out they had a Ministry of Magic with a Minister and parliament called a ‘Wizamont’ or something. Apparently Dumbledore also sat on that and Harry only got more suspicious because clearly he was someone to keep an eye on. A Headmaster of the only wizarding school and a politician? Uh-huh.

Thanks to Hagrid’s rather long, rambling answers, just those questions took most of their time and they were approaching their stop when Hagrid popped in the query about his hat in the moment of silence as Harry pondered what his most pressing next question should be. If he hadn’t known that Hagrid was 100% just curious and held no judgement for why he was wearing a hat in the middle of July (he was wearing a huge coat, after all) Harry would’ve deflected the question. As it was, he paused, and then the voice sounded that this was their stop and he couldn’t answer in the bustle to get off—coming up the stairs to stand in the middle of a busy London sidewalk.

Harry had only ever been to this part of London once or twice, and soaked up the scenes around him eagerly.

“In here!” Hagrid pulled him off to the side, pointing down the street to a very shabby looking pub. “That’s the Leaky Cauldron—an entrance to the Wizardin’ World if ya know how to look.” He grinned excitedly.

“What’s to stop normal—uh, muggles from just walking in then? I thought you said it’s a big secret.”

“Muggle-repelling charms. Watch—most people can’t see it, der eyes slide righ’ by.” He pointed at some passersby who gave him funny looks, but watching those who weren’t glaring at Hagrid, he did notice that they seemed to turn their heads past it as if looking from the shop on one side, to the shop on the other side of the pub as if the bar wasn’t even there. That was kind of cool, actually.

“Now that I think o’ it, the hat was a good idea! Everyone would be wantin’ ta shake yer hand and we only got a coupla hours, don’ we?” Hagrid mused to himself as they made their wat towards the pub, and Harry paused.

…what?

“Shake my hand? Why?”

Hagrid blinked, as if realizing something and looking down at the boy beside him. His face went alight in realization.

“…ah!”

000

Harry gripped the edges of his beanie, and pulled it as far down as he could to bury his face out of view, groaning a bit as his head spun from this information.

Hagrid was kind enough to buy him something called a butterbeer in this dingy wizards’ pub (and it was delicious, score!) but the fascination at the tasty drink and his wandering eyes at all the strangely dressed people in the room was thrown from his mind the second Hagrid started explaining.

He was famous. His parents had been bloody murdered. There was some Dark Lord out there everyone was too afraid to even say the name of who he apparently killed as a one-year-old (Hagrid looked ready to faint when said ‘Voldemort’ but Harry appreciated the effort, since he knew Harry would need to know even if he really hadn’t wanted to say it).

He was famous as The Boy Who Lived in this magical world and Hagrid had been told he was sent to live in the muggle world to be raised since Dumbledore didn’t want him growing up with fame going to his head, or something like that.

Harry thought back to the cupboard waiting for him later tonight somewhere in suburban Surrey and decided he did not appreciate this Headmaster meddling in his life one bit. Given that Hagrid was his #1 fan he kept that thought to himself though.

He was suddenly very grateful for his hat that he was hiding his face in—and more importantly thrilled that he’d gotten into the habit of hiding his scar. What fresh hell would that have been, given the way Hagrid was talking about it, he wasn’t sure he could handle total strangers he did not trust half as much as he trusted Hagrid (which wasn’t total trust since he’d met the man today after all, but still he trusted this groundskeeper more than any Dursley already, that was for sure) coming up to him and babbling about something that happened when he was one, and something that resulted in the death of his parents at that.

Yeah, no thank you. Hard pass on that one.

“And you’re telling me most of the wizarding world would recognize me on sight? How?”

“Don’ know about that—someone musta seen you at some point and there’s tons o’ books written about you.” Hagrid shrugged, sipping his own large mug happily.

Harry couldn’t even begin to process that statement on top of everything else, so he shelved it.

“Plus, yer father was a good man and well liked in school—plus ‘Potter’ is an old family name. Mosta the old families could recognize a Potter anywhere.” Hagrid continued on, oblivious to Harry’s silent struggling beside him.

So he looked like his father? He pressed his lips together thoughtfully.

“I look like a Potter? I’ve never seen pictures of my parents; you think I look like my dad?”

Hagrid paused and looked down at the small boy beside him, frowning and his shiny black eyes narrowing. “I’m really not likin’ these muggles much, ‘Arry.” He hummed deeply. “They never even showed ya a picture o’ them?”

“Ah… no.”

“Hogwash!” Hagrid burst out, causing Harry to jump a bit in surprise. “What downrigh’ ‘orrible muggles—yer Lily and James’ child and ya don’ even know wha’ they look like! Absolute cobswallop!”

Harry didn’t really recognize that term but just went with it, trying to get off this topic and back to the point before his curiosity killed him.

“Please Hagrid? I’ve never seen my parents and I’m dead curious—do I look like my dad?” He insisted, shamelessly pulling at the ‘poor orphan’ heartstring and it worked like a charm when Hagrid’s anger derailed and gave the boy his undivided attention. He had tried it before but no one had actually cared that he was an orphan before as there was a surprisingly large amount of heartless adults in his life and he had no problem playing dirty to get at those kinds of people. He felt a little bad using it on Hagrid, but he was curious darn it!

“Oh no, o’ course ya do! Ah, well, actually ya got yer mother’s eyes o’ course… and I see more in yer face o’ her’s than his actually.” So no, was what Harry was hearing. He looked like his mother.

He looked like his mother.

He smiled at that.

“Ah! Hey there Hagrid, showing a new student around the Alley?” A toothless man came hobbling up to them, pointing at the mug. “Can I get ya another?”

“Blimey, look at the time! Nah, thanks Tom we got to get going. Need to get young ‘Arry here his books!” Hagrid said a little too loudly—though thankfully no one but this Tom fellow was paying him any attention.

At his words though the man’s eyes went wide and he studied the boy in front of him closely, blinking once.

“Harry Potter?” He said in an awed, reverent tone. Harry was instantly creeped out.

“Uh… hello.” He greeted awkwardly, sinking behind Hagrid slightly and fixing his beanie to make sure even his make-up concealed scar was firmly out of sight. The motion seemed to knock some sense into Tom and he jerked back slightly.

“It’s an honor to meet you, my boy—I hope you enjoy the Alley today, feel free to come back for a nip any time!” He greeted cheerily, clearing up their drinks with a bright smile shot his way and hobbling off. Harry was thankful he seemed aware enough to keep his voice down throughout that exchange, an no one else looked up from their drinks to pay him any mind.

He breathed a sigh of relief. He did not want that kind of tone and ‘honor’ talk from literally everyone he met—he might go insane.

“Tom’s a good guy, he owns this place an’ is a trustworthy kinda guy,” Hagrid explained as he got up, Harry quickly following him to the back of the pub. Not that Harry didn’t believe that statement, but he didn’t believe Hagrid wasn’t just spouting rhetoric he’d been told either, so he kept his right to reserve judgement until further notice about how trustworthy that Tom guy was or was not.

“Now pay attention, as this is ‘ow ya will get to an’ from, ya just gotta tap these bricks.” Hagrid instructed, using his pink umbrella to tap a couple bricks in a specific pattern.

Harry wasn’t sure what he was expecting, given that he only believed in magic in theory at this moment and had never seen practical magic performed in front of his face just yet, but the wall moving on it’s own to fold back and basically break every rule of physics he only vaguely knew about to melt away was a shock and a half to his system.

And that shock was quickly outdone by the absolute gut-wrenching sight of what lay beyond the wall.

“Welcome to Diagon Alley, ‘Arry!”





Chapter 4: Book 1 : Pride : 4


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



He imagined it like a stone cocoon, his soul. Everything light and optimistic inside of him was like a small flickering candle flame in the middle of a hurricane-force gale, and the only way he’d managed to protect it even a little bit was by wrapping himself in a stone cocoon, its surface cold and slick to the touch as it was battered by the howling winds and torrential downpour that was his life.

He imagined that his tiny little light had been a bonfire once, that long ago he’d been a happy and warm person until the storm came and extinguished most of it. And locked up inside a statue, there was only so many ways a candle flame could flicker.

The cynical stone had been getting colder, that tiny flame in mortal danger of languishing, and with this discovery of a magical world and promises of freedom, something whispered at him constantly even as proof began to unfold under his eyes. The owls, Hagrid, the Leaky Cauldron… clue after clue piling up but it didn’t hit home until the wall fell and a world he’d never imagined existed in this universe burst into life in front of him.

He had subconsciously been preparing himself for that tiny candle flame inside of him to be snuffed out for good, when this turned out to be an elaborate lie meant to cause him pain. He was already in too deep, his hopes too high, and when the disappointment came and he was tasked with returning to a world with no magic and no warmth at all, facing a reality somehow even harsher than it’d been before in light of the dream and the hope that’d been cruelly given to him and then brutally ripped away… his heart would finally be fully cold as stone and quiet as a grave. A part of him had been counting on that, preparing for it.

So it was an earth-shattering moment to feel that tiny flame burst inside of him, as if someone had just poured gasoline all over its tiny warmth. Suddenly it wasn’t so weak and gentle, it was roaring, and it warmed the stone that made its shell from the inside out. The stone didn’t give way—it couldn’t afford to do that—but suddenly he cold winds barely tickled.

Hagrid laughed beside him at whatever expression he had on his face, and for once Harry didn’t care a bit what his face was revealing without his permission; there was other things to worry about right then.

There was just… so much… color.

That was the first thing that hit him, the immense amount of color crammed into such a relatively small space. It was filled with noises and smells that were both pleasant and not but it was all at once and everywhere and Harry just didn’t know what to look at first. So he just stared, feeling his heart stuttering and skipping beats like he was actively drying, but his mind was too dazed to even care about his imminent death.

“We shouldn’t stand in the doorway ‘Arry, come on,” Hagrid chirped, guiding him with one huge hand down onto the street, Harry just gaping and looking every which way trying to take it all in at once.

“This is…” Truly, there were not words for what this was.

His heart clenched painfully, but he liked it.

“S’a lot to take in at firs’, isn’t it?” The giant man beside him chuckled. “Ya look to be havin’ a hard time takin’ it in so why don’t we walk up n’ down the street once to see the sights. We got some time, eh?”

Harry could only nod mutely and let himself be lead down the street, his head on a swivel to take in each shop and what it sold… trying to wrap his head around some of the odder sights. A shop for broomsticks, for owls and other animals, for wizard robes, for wands, an apothecary… there was just so much. He didn’t even know where to start, he could only gape as he walked.

They got the end of the street and turned around back down, and by that time Harry could breathe a little more easily and was actually trying to take in the information around him now. All these people… they were witches and wizards? They wore those robes he saw those in the Leaky Cauldron wearing so that must be a thing here. The odd colors the robes could be looked a little last-century to be honest but hey, Harry was somehow into it.

Somewhere along their journey Hagrid seemed to get bored with just walking and figured Harry had had enough time to get over his shock, picking up the conversation gain. “See that big white building where we’re headed? That’s Gringotts—the bank I’s tellin’ you about and our firs’ stop.” He looked forward for once and did notice that impressive and slightly-out-of-place building and figured that yes, it sure looked like a bank. “An’ ya know, ya never did answer my question; that hat turned out to be pretty lucky but I’d a thought you’d want people ta see ya now tha’ you know yer story?”

Poor, naïve Hagrid. Harry could only smile a bit fondly at him and shrugged.

“I don’t really want to be famous Hagrid, much less for something that killed my parents. It’s not a pleasant thought to be thanked for something I didn’t even know about until fifteen minutes ago.”

“Ah, I see.” Thankfully his guide just nodded, seeming content with that answer. Harry blessed this simple, easy-going man and just grinned. “Then per’aps the hat’s a good idea since people’ll recognize a Potter anywhere!” he acknowledged.

That still bothered him, since Hagrid had said he looked like his mother. Did that mean…?

“Did he have weird hair too?” He wondered aloud, and Hagrid chuckled.

“Oh yeah, wild as all be it—never once was it presentable I don’ think.” He seemed highly amused at some memory and Harry was itching to hear more, but recognized now was not the time as Gringotts came up on them. “Is that why ya hide it? Got more decency than James ever did in tha’ respect then.” He huffed good-naturedly.

"Oh, well uh… my Aunt always hated my hair and I, um… it started changing unnatural colors when I was younger so I've sort of… hidden it since." He shrugged a bit, trying to be casual about it but obviously failing when Hagrid looked down at him in surprise, his steady pace faltering a bit. He shouldn’t have said anything really, just kept his mouth shut and his hair under his hat, but…

Maybe it was the warmth flooding through him or this new high he’d never felt before as he realized just walking down this street he felt… light. He realized he wanted to trust Hagrid and he wanted this chance to be real. This chance at freedom where he could actually be himself and… well, the words came out before he could think better of them, but even as he did think twice he knew he didn’t want to regret them.

No more.

"Unnatural colors? Well I'll be! Tha's not too strange fer wizards, ya know—a metemorphmagus can change all sorts o' colors and faces." Hagrid chatted, fully stopping now and beaming down at him. “Yer dad had dark hair ya know, and tha’s the Potter signature I was talkin’ aboubt.”

"R-really?" He paused, breath leaving his lungs. He carefully looked around the alley, bustling with life around them. "It wouldn't look weird here?"

And he realized, no it wouldn’t. This place, so bright and colorful alley… no, his bright hair would fit right in actually.

“Not at all,” Hagrid unknowingly agreed with his thought process, waving it off as nonsense.

"Well…" He bit his lip… but, it was something he’d always wanted to do from the day he decied he loved his hair; the day he turned around and decied that this was him and that was okay.

He reached up and slid his hat off, heart beating a little too hard as he did so.

Hagrid's eyes widened in surprise… and he smiled. "Ah… you look just like your mother, 'arry. Her spittin' image."

"Really!?" He inhaled, slightly dizzy from relief that Hagrid didn’t scowl or react badly to the burning locks now falling free around his face like that now-significantly-quieter cynical side of himself half thought he would. He touched hair almost in awe, not quite believing he was doing this… and realized people were looking at him, eyes trailing to his hair as they did so. He couldn't tell if it was interest or not, but no one seemed horrified or anything…

"Aye—her hair was that exact color. She was mighty proud of it, she was, and I 'eard yer father rant about it often enough. 'E was a lovesick fool all seven years of Hogwarts for her so it was kind o’ well known. People called her a Fire Witch fer her 'air and her temper; was a forced to be reckoned with it was!" Hagrid laughed good naturedly, seeming lost in memories at the sight of his hair and not quite noticing Harry’s newly-dazed expression.

"This… is my mother's hair?" And just like that his love of it increased ten-fold. He didn't want to hide it— he didn't want to hide it.

He was proud of it… and proud to be like his mother he’d never known. Apparently he had her face, her eyes, her hair… and he was a little bummed he still knew next to nothing about his dad, but it couldn’t put a damper on the rush he felt to finally be just that much closer to at least one of his parents. He soaked up Hagrid’s words, committing them to memory and reaffirming his vow to be kind to his hair—that he now knew he shared with a precious connection he’d never gotten the chance to cultivate.

"It's unique fer sure, but not unnatural, ya know. Why da Weasley family's got halfa dozen o’ 'em with bright red hair. Ah," He paused, tilting his head slightly as he glanced back pointedly at the bright scarlet locks atop his head. "Ginger maybe, certainly next to yours, 'arry." He chuckled heartily at that as if entertained by the joke Harry didn't get.

"Oh, okay then… red hair is normal?"

"Normal enough." Hagrid shrugged, beginning to walk again and forcing Harry to half-jog to keep up with him. "I doubt a muggle woulda ever been born with 'air like that; its definitely got some magic in it. But yer mother had a ton 'o it and muggles never thought it weird—just pretty like, ya know?"

"Oh. Oh."

Red hair was normal? That was news to him but… huh. He was too overwhelmed with all of this to think on it too much, and besides that was the moment they reached Gringotts, and he knew he needed his wits about him when he caught sight of that poem over the door.

000

Gringotts was a lesson and then some, and he was sitting in his vault (surrounded by piles of gold—seriously, what alternate dimension had he been tossed into this morning) already plotting on how to get back here and figure out the growing list of questions he had. He did not think Hagrid was the person to answer any of them, and he didn’t even want to ask it to the goblin—Griphook—who’d escorted them down because too many questions and there was too much of a chance it’s be reported back to Dumbledore by Hagrid’s too-naïve nature. He still hadn’t even met the Headmaster yet and was not willing to leave anything to the chance that the mysterious man would somehow use it against him.

Not sure how, but as excited as he was about this whole magical-world business, he was discovering he was super paranoid.

Eh, not much he could do about that right now, if even he wanted to.

There was however some specific questions that couldn’t wait, and since Hagrid was still by the cart trying not to lose his last meal from the wild cart-ride and Griphook was standing by the vault door looking bored and angry at the same time (maybe that was just his face though) Harry lowered his voice so that it wouldn’t carry but not too low to give the impression he was trying to hide something from Hagrid. Maybe he was aiming for shy or soft-spoken, or somewhere in between.

“Mr. Griphook, do you know if anyone else has keys to this vault?”

The goblin looked at him sharply. “Absolutely not—this a trust from the main Potter vault and your key is the only one that has access to it.”

“Oh… I was just thinking maybe there were relatives I didn’t know who had a spare key.” He intoned a little sadly. Although the sadness was feigned, the words themselves was in fact not a lie since he thought lying to a goblin was a bad idea (that poem by the front door was very clear, thank you very much), however it wasn’t the main reason he’d asked either. Someone had had his key before Hagrid, and he already had a main suspect. “Apologies for not knowing much, but I didn’t know magic was real until this morning; is Gringotts like a nor—uh, a muggle bank that is has statements and, like, everything? Sorry, I didn’t even know how other banks work but since I’ve an account here I am just curious, if you know anything.” He hedged.

The goblin took the bait of him implying he might not know the details and gave a sharp-toothed grin that might also have been a snarl.

“Gringotts is no muggle bank, but it functions the same on many levels—you should have been getting statements monthly since this was transferred to your name, so since the night you became an orphan.” He explained sharply, his tone clearly implying he was gloating his knowledge but Harry let him have it, taking in the information carefully as he filled the sack Hagrid had gave him—and added more into the back pack he’d brought with him. He didn’t think Griphook would give a flying frock since it was his money and Hagrid wasn’t looking. “This is a trust vault off of the main Potter vault—you’ll get access to that one when you turn of age at 17. I’m also aware you have several other vaults willed to you but have remained untouched since you have not been present to accept them. Your account manager would be able to open them for you.”

“Account manager?” He blinked.

“Your statements would have his name.” Griphook huffed. Harry frowned…

“So if I haven’t been getting statements, where would they have ended up?”

The goblin paused, eyes narrowing. “Gringotts doesn’t make such mistakes. The statements were sent out.” His tone was ice cold and Harry realized his misstep.

“Definitely not, you seem more… ah, competent than most humans I’ve met.” He raised a brow pointedly, the goblin’s icy look melting one degree or so. “As I said I didn’t know about magic until this morning. Someone has clearly been keeping things from me, in my perspective, not just about bank statements but literally everything else. I didn’t even know my parents didn’t die in a muggle accident until half and hour ago if that proves my point.”

Goblin seemed to measure him up for a long while, and in that time Harry finished with the gold and put his back pack on once more, going up to the door and pausing to stare back at the goblin sizing him up.

Eventually....

“We will look into this matter and determine the location of the missing statements. If they’ve been destroyed, we will have record of it and an indication of who has destroyed them.”

Wow, that was surprisingly helpful. He ducked his head respectfully, even though the creature was shorter than him by quite a bit.

“Thank you sincerely for your help.”

He sneered at him again, and Harry got the feeling that was just how goblins smiled.

000

The first thing he did upon leaving Gringotts was coerce his key from Hagrid’s overly large hand. As expected, the giant’s first response was that Dumbledore said he shouldn’t be wasting money unknowingly until he was older and knew more about the magical world. What he didn’t say but that Harry filled in, is that Dumbledore would then hang onto his key until he saw fit to give it back to its rightful owner.

First of all, why did the Headmaster of a boarding school have any say in his finances? If he were some kind of guardian than Harry should’ve grown up with him, not the Dursleys, ergo he was either a busy-body sticking his nose into the life of someone who wasn’t even his student yet OR he was neglectful in that he was the one who was supposed to have been his guardian and instead of fulfilling his role passed him off to muggles who very much did not want him.

If either of those were true then Harry didn’t trust this Headmaster in the slightest and he was absolutely not leaving this alley without HIS key in his pocket.

He felt a little guilty about it but easily brushed it off as he threw everything he had at Hagrid—pulling the orphan card, the clueless card, the ‘you’re my friend, aren’t you Hagrid?’ card, and literally anything else he could think of as the giant swayed over his loyalty to Dumbledore and his newfound friend in the son of two people he once cared about.

By the time they were entering the first shop they needed to stop by for his school list, he had his vault key tucked safely in his backpack in a small, secure zippered pouch. He genuinely liked Hagrid, but the guy was way too easy. He made a note to keep an eye out as they shopped for ways to secure valuable items—there had to be something safer than a zipper in this magical world that could be bought for one of the shiny gold coins he’d filled his backpack with.

The shopping itself was extremely fun, especially since he was counting the prices listed on each item, using his rather average math skills and the information about how much knuts, sickles, and galleons were worth to determine that he was indeed a very rich child all of a sudden and could easily afford most of what he was seeing. It was one thing to see the piles of gold and another to realize what one gold coin could buy you, and the answer was actually quite a lot. Multiply that by the mounds of gold he now knew he had just in his trust vault and he figured he and his grandchildren probably didn’t really need to ever work if they didn’t live outrageously lavishly (ahem, like some certain Dursleys with their new cars every two years and long vacations four times a year). If he wasn’t imagining things, a lot of stuff in the wizarding world was way cheaper than its muggle equivalent—and trust him, he’d spent a lot of time going pence for pence at the grocery store and drug store he spent his stolen pocket money in to make sure he had just enough for the next small item he wanted. Maybe because it cost less to make it magically? Magic did seem very convenient, after all, but one would think it’d be a little closer.

He’d already read his equipment list back-to-front a dozen times and as they’d walked down the street to the first shops and browsed through the paper shop first, he cataloged which ones would be the most worth his time and decidedly-not-hard-earned-money. Hagrid had said a trunk would be a big purchase, so there was that… and he knew books was going to be another large purchase since aside from his textbooks he needed to know more about the magical world than he currently did. He wasn’t particularly a bookworm but there was six weeks until September 1st and he had a feeling he was going to get a lot of cupboard time when he inevitably told the Dursleys he wasn’t going to Stonewall, so why not use that time productively?

They stopped at a couple places along the way, getting parchment, quills, ink, and a new over the shoulder bag as even Hagrid expressed concern about the one he was wearing holding up. It was in that store that sold all sorts of bags and storage devices that he found a small draw-string bag that the saleslady said was charmed to reappear in a location he chose every morning regardless if someone has taken it, as well as that it only have something in it when the person who owned it opened it. Fascinated by the up-close magic he put one sickle in it and tested it out, having Hagrid open it and show him nothing was inside—he immediately added it to his purchases knowing this is exactly what he’d been looking for, for his key.

The bag itself he went wild on despite Hagrid’s insistence that he didn’t need all of the bells and whistles, telling him that they still had a trunk and other more expensive things to buy, which would’ve been good logic had he known Harry had swiped quite a bit more gold than Hagrid was aware of. He easily soothed the giant’s concerns and deflected the conversation so his chaperon forgot what he was trying to say and instead launched into a detailed story about someone named Fang instead, which Harry kept one ear on while also telling the saleswoman that yes, he wanted all the bells and whistles. She smiled knowing, seeming aware of what he was doing to poor Hagrid, but since she was making a sale happily rang it up for him.

He was thrilled with his new purchase as it was a solid brown canvas thing with spells he was now learning the meaning of—and loving it, by the way. Something called a feather-light charm that meant no matter what he put into it, it didn’t feel any heavier than when it was empty, a protection charm that would have it hold up for a guaranteed thirteen years, and a security charm that would shock anyone who tried to forcefully remove it from him in addition to the it’s-there-again-every-morning charm that was on his pouch. It was also magically semi-bottomless, the saleslady explaining that the space inside of it was as big as a “quidditch pitch” both length/width and height wise. Pretending to be a muggleborn, as Hagrid had called them, she’d helpfully explained how big a quidditch pitch was in simpler terms and basically by the end of it he was sure he’d never actually be able to even halfway fill this bag.

He put all his new purchases and his old back pack into it so Hagrid wouldn’t see him transfer the gold coins into it, which meant he could just reach in and pull coins out without Hagrid realizing how much he was spending unless he was keeping a careful tally—of which he was almost positive the large man was not. All in all, the bag was about six times as expensive as the plain leather ones, but if a knut was worth a pence there about, then it was only a slightly-more-expensive than average purse at best. He’d seen the price tags on some of Petunia’s fashionable “name brand” purchases she got just so she could gloat to her neighbors and this still didn’t come close to that.

Besides, it was a good purchase. Now he could have literally all his textbooks on him and be prepared for any class in school, plus they’d only been to two shops so far and his hands were already filled with bags so this was going to be a long day without the additional help. Again, he liked Hagrid but he was clearly reciting his reminders to stay simple with his purchases from someone else, and Harry had a feeling who. If he was right, then he wasn’t going to listen to that advice in any way and keep on with his own prepping, thank you very much.

He kept it simple in he next couple stores, collecting odd bits here and there and taking note of what else the store had to offer. By the till they had free catalogs from which to order by owl and he helped himself to those happily, slipping them into his bag before Hagrid could notice.

When they got to the store that seemed to have everything he needed for potions, which was apparently a class at Hogwarts, he bought the basic set-up the list recommended and then freely helped himself to several other more interesting purchases such as gloves, a slightly nicer knife (by price at least, since he knew little about the quality difference between pewter and silver and gold, etc.) and some odd bits and ends of potion ingredients not in the basic kit. He didn’t know what they were for but potions struck him as something he’d be really interested in and wanted to be prepared for it. For some reason Hagrid didn’t comment on these purchases, and when asked why his answer was a bit chilling.

“Eh, well, Snape is the potions professor at Hogwarts an’ he’s a bit o’ a bat. Heard ‘is class was a tough one and I never ‘ad a talent with potions in the firs’ place so if ya want a leg up I can’t fault ya.” He shrugged, going back to keeping his large frame from bumping into any of the closely placed and glass-lined shelves, which seemed to take quite a bit of concentration.

Hearing that and seeing his chaperon sufficiently distracted, Harry immediately turned and scooped up pretty much one copy of every potions manual and guide on the nearby bookshelf. It sounded like he was definitely going to need them. While checking out he even asked the older gentleman at the till what kind of equipment more experienced potion brewers bought and he was kind enough to exchange the knife Harry had picked out for one of the same kind of silver but better quality (he made a better sale, but Harry let it go since the old guy seemed harmless) but other than that just said to stick with the guides he was buying if he was still a first year, and read them cover-to-cover before he got to potions class.

“That Severus Snape is a genius potions master but if he ain’t got a stick up his ass,” He croaked in a throaty voice, shaking his head in half amusement, half exasperation. He seemed to be talking mostly to himself, but Harry made a point to remember that two separate people had mentioned this Snape guy and his less-than-stellar character. Hagrid was one thing, but this guy worked at a potions’ shop so one would assume he saw quite a bit of a potions master coming in here to buy materials and such.

“Thank you sir,” was all he said outwardly though, smiling at the guy and going to leave—before a pretty glowing ball a perfect periwinkle and covered in what looked to be dusted sparkles caught his eye on the shelf behind the man’s white head. The whole shop has a stereotypical muggle-idea-of-a-witch type feel with jarred animal parts and funny smelling dried plants hanging from the ceiling, tools made of pewter and sharp silver lying everywhere, so something that soft looking really stood out.

He had no idea what possessed him to blurt out, “What’s that?”.

But the guy just turned around and saw what he was looking at and smiled. “It’s an atmosphere bulb, charmed to help regulate an area for a potions workstation. Some potions are sensitive to humid or too-chilly air, so this keeps everything a standard temperature optimal for potions.”

Harry blinked. Huh. That was… useful.

“So it heats in the winter, cools in the summer? How big a range does it have?”

“Sure does! It’s a little less than four-square meters in space—as I said it’s only for a potion’s workstation. Some people have their workstations in drafty areas away from main living areas because it can cause quite a mess.” He explained. Harry did some quick mental math of a space he thought he might be able to use this in, an idea forming that caused him to smile.

“I’ll take two.”



Chapter End Notes

I don't know what it is about it but Harry-shopping montages are my guilty pleasure. I put way too much detail in here for a story like this but it was fun to write :)





Chapter 5: Book 1 : Pride : 5




“Here we are, Madam Malkin’s! She’ll take care o’ ya, tell ya what to do and such, and I got another errand to run. Will ya be okay?”

“Sure,” Harry peered into the shop, and it was mostly empty, an older witch in amongst the piles of clothes spotting him and coming out from behind the counter. “I think it’ll be fine… they just take measurements, right? The robes are standard.”

“Yep, all black is the Hogwarts uniform. Righ’ then, I’ll be righ’ back!” He waved and then walked down the street somewhere else, and Harry entered the shop a little hesitantly. On one hand being sans-chaperone felt good as he was more used to being on his own, while on the other this was literally a whole new world and he found himself suddenly nervous to be walking it alone.

Luckily the witch who walked up to him was no-nonsense and gentle as she nodded to him, not even asking his name. “Hogwarts, dear?”

“Yes ma’am.” She smiled at his politeness and lead him over to a stage of mirrors where an assistant pulled out a measuring tape and got to work while she wandered off and started shifting through racks of black material. The lack of niceties was kind of refreshing after so many conversations with salespeople today.

He was generally aware of someone else in the shop getting his measurements done beside him, but as he hadn’t been chatting with the assistant taking his own measurements either, he hadn’t really looked at the boy who seemed to be about his age too. Probably a future classmate? Either way he was enjoying the silent reprieve while it lasted.

Until… he felt hairs on the back of his neck stand up a bit, like someone was watching him. He blinked, glancing around the shop slightly so he didn’t throw off the assistant’s work as she was doing something with fabric down by his feet now, and realized with a start the boy beside him was staring right at him.

He had grey eyes and blonde hair is own startling unique shade styled artfully on his head, face pale and blank and most definitely staring right at him.

Harry met his gaze, thinking for half a second he’d look away since he was caught staring rather rudely at someone, but he didn’t. His grey eyes bored into him, looking at him and also somehow not looking at him if that made sense? For lack of better option Harry stared back, wondering what his deal was.

When the seconds dragged on a little too long and it was definitely in the realm of awkward now, he cleared his throat lightly and shifted uncomfortably, not sure how to react to being under this kind of strange scrutiny.

"Ah… can I help you?"

At his words breaking the silence the boy blinked and reeled back slightly, his pale cheeks going slightly pink before he seemed to straighten up a full inch. "My name's Draco Malfoy. I don't think I've seen you around here--are you muggleborn?"

There was an intensity behind that question that Harry failed to get, but at least he was familiar with that term now. The boy was… weird, but getting his robes and definitely his age so he was probably going to be a classmate. Harry had never really talked to kids his age as they all hated him because of Dudley so… in the spirit of how well this day had been going he decided, what could a conversation hurt?

"Ah, no? My parents were wizards, but uh… they died, so I grew up in the muggle world. So, kind of?" He shrugged, aware he was probably oversharing, but he was curious about what was up with this boy and… the blond did not immediately start throwing things at him upon hearing him speak, so had nothing against the slightly blunt boy who was willing to talk to him.

At his words, the boy—Draco— seemed to relax slightly. "So you're pureblood. And don't know your way around the magical world."

Hagrid hadn’t explained that term but if there was a term for having muggle parents then the slightly pompous title probably belonged to people with magical parents. The term alone spoke volumes about the wizarding world, but maybe it was just antiquated and hadn’t died out yet, so he let it go.

"Ah… yes, that's about it. It's nice to meet you Draco."

"Likewise." He sniffed briskly, not even sparing a breath before he continued. "I can show you around the alley once you're done here. My family is old pureblood so we—I know my way around here and what's best to get. You're a first year, I'm assuming?"

Harry was stunned and opened his mouth to answer the question before his brain could catch up. “Yes, I am.” Wait a second, did he just offer to show me around the alley? He didn’t even ask for my name! "That's… that's very kind of you Draco. I'm here with someone from Hogwarts whose showing me around though, he just stepped out for-"

"The Malfoy family has better taste than what a Hogwarts representative, whose probably shown a dozen muggleborns around the alley by now, can do for you." The blond cut him off, puffing up a bit.

…what?

What in the world is he going on about?

Harry tried to collect his thoughts and cleared his throat politely. "I'm curious about the alley though, so I was hoping to discover it myself." He deflected.

Yes, he was getting a bit defensive of Hagrid, and the way this Draco Malfoy was coming off was a bit rude and snobby. At the surge of anger he felt threatening to break the control he’d developed over his composure, he took a breath. He remembered Hagrid mentioning about how his mother had had a temper too, and he wanted to be like her but not at the expense of his hard work to control himself and the patience he’d painstakingly built over the past couple years. He wanted to be like her, but his composure had gotten him this far in life and it’d be stupid to throw it away now just because it wasn’t the Dursleys and their predictable vitriol he was facing.

It was kind of counter-intuitive, but his spike of anger reminded him of his connection to his mother, and inherently calmed him some. Because of this, the tone that came out as he said this was level and polite, with only a hint of his displeasure at what this boy was saying.

The Malfoy boy seemed to be pretty quick on the uptake and paused at his words and the tone in which they were said, his grey eyes shifting to the side slightly as Harry watched, like he was panicking slightly.

"But we—I can give you a better idea of what kinds of things to get."

"But I'll never learn if I don't do it myself." Harry countered smoothly, watching those grey eyes shift… something bothering him about it and causing him to lean back off his anger and reevaluate. "I…I'd appreciate the company, Draco. But I can do it myself, you know?" He spoke as gently as he could, wondering what his problem was… and figured it out when the blond’s shoulder’s relaxed at his words.

Oh, he just wanted to make a friend.

A split-second later Harry felt guilty for getting angry as it suddenly made sense. I mean, it’s not like he’d ever gone about making friends before either, so he would be nervous trying to approach someone out of the blue too.

The pompous attitude, the way he was trying to say I instead of we meant he was trying to do things for himself too, the same way Harry was attempting to stretch his wings from his relatives— only this boy was just trying to impress a potential new friend. He acted tough but you could clearly see he was acting to make a good show; he was just trying to be friendly… and was just very, very bad at it.

Harry couldn’t help but find it startlingly amusing and automatically smiled broadly. The whole picture the blond painted with his chin in the air and his cheeks lightly pink was very endearing, and he'd never had a friend before either so…

Draco suddenly looked a lot less pompous when his pale cheeks turned a darker pink than before, seeming not to know what to say in the face of Harry grinning out of nowhere.

"You're done dear," The attendant said to Draco, who seemed snap out of it and hop down, but paused before going anywhere and glancing back up at the red head with more hesitancy than before.

"I can wait for you?"

Harry could only smile: that was a lot nicer, so he knew Draco could do it at least, underneath the bluster.

"I'd like that. My friend won't be back for a little bit, maybe we could check out the next couple stores on our own." He offered as an olive branch, and the blond’s shoulders seem to relax even more.

"Sure." He agreed easily, shifting a bit to stand and wait as Harry got his measurements done. After a little while of awkward silence, he seemed to perk up in alarm and then suddenly got a very guilty look on his face for split second before controlling it back into something more blank. Harry had a fun time watching this play out in the mirror where Draco didn’t realize he could see him.

The blond cleared his throat uncomfortably. "I… ah, I realize I never asked your name."

This guy is hilarious, Harry beamed internally, keeping his expression clear.

"Harry. It's nice to meet you, Draco." He repeated his earlier introduction and the blond paused once more… before smiling back very hesitantly. He definitely seemed like he wasn’t used to doing such things.

Harry could only let out a soft laugh, not sure what it meant when Draco just quickly avoided eye contact and looked out the shop window distractedly. Harry simply grinned more; this guy truly was hopeless at being nice and it was just so endearing for some reason. He hadn’t found another person so entertaining in a long time.

He wondered what kind of face he’d make if Harry told him he acted like a baby cactus and had to bite his tongue to keep from laughing outwardly and startling both Draco and the assistant taking his measurements.

In what seemed like no time at all Harry too was done, stepping down and smiling at Draco who remained poised and pointedly did not look at him with his chin tilted up and face directed at the street bustling outside the open double doors.

"Well the next store is a bookshop and the one after sells ice cream. Books are boring and we don't have much time so how about some of that?"

Harry would need to spend some quality time in the bookstore alone to get everything he needed, and it was sort of a task that actually required his attention. Ice cream however, sounded like something mindless and delicious that you did with a friend to hang out with them, and although he’d never done such a thing was game to give it a go with what very possibly might be his first friend.

The thought made him smile widely.

"I'd like that. Is wizard ice cream that much different from muggle ice cream?"

Draco paused, his unnaturally symmetrical face frowning and still somehow looking graceful while he did it. "I don't know anything about the Muggle world," He said boldly, like it was something to be proud of; like also asking why he would have ever bothered to learn such a thing. Harry mentally rolled his eyes, but he always did like a challenge, and oh boy did this one seem like a challenge.

"Well then you can tell me about the wizarding world, and I'll tell you about the Muggle. It's probably not as interesting but it has some perks you know. Like electricity for one; I've already noticed we don't have it here and I'll probably miss that the most going to Hogwarts." He confessed as they walked down the street to the shop clearly marked for ice cream (so Harry probably didn’t need the help of being shown around but was smart enough to know that was in fact not the point of this).

"Electizzy? What is that?”

Harry almost bit his tongue off trying not to burst out laughing, but it was a close call and he turned his head away so Draco wouldn’t see his expression, quickly gaining control of himself. “Ahem… ah, electricity. It’s like lightning, in a broad term.”

“How on earth would you miss that?" He inflamed, and Harry laughed at a more appropriate level for this conversation at his incredulity.

“Muggles use it very creatively is all. I’m still learning about how this world uses magic so maybe it’s just how muggles get around not having magic?” He shrugged.

“But muggles not having magic is the point?” He raised one near-silver brow, clearly thinking little of this conversation.

Harry mentally sighed and switched tactics. “Do you have a television?” At the blank look he received he nodded once. “Well muggles have this thing called a television that they use for entertainment. What does the magical world do for fun then if they have no electricity and no television?”

“I’ve no idea what either of those things are, but I play Quidditch.” Draco puffed up a bit, clearly proud of this. If only Harry had any idea what it was he was boasting about.

“There’s a shop for that down the alley, yeah? It’s some sort of sport on broomsticks?”

“You don’t know about Quidditch!?” He squeaked slightly, grey eyes wide in alarm and Harry felt like patting him on the shoulder but refrained.

“Draco, I know nothing about the magical world. Since I learned magic was real this morning I’ve been to Gringotts and five shops—that’s it.” He reminded him patiently. “What are the rules of Quidditch then?”

Draco seemed to be having a very hard time wrapping his head around this fact, the idea that not everyone grew up knowing about magic as a fact of life seemed to be a revolutionary concept to him going by his wary expression and the confusion written into his eyes, but upon mention of quidditch he needed no other prompting to launch into a detailed explanation of the game’s rules and principles. He apparently played a position called ‘Chaser’ which handled a ball called a Quaffle—there being more than one ball already throwing Harry off but Draco was more than happy to keep talking about it no matter what simple question he was asked.

They got their ice cream (and holy quaffle they literally have EVERY flavor he’d ever heard of and some that had to be magical because how the heck did they get that in ice-cream form? Like popcorn flavored ice cream, what the heck!?) and sat down at a table right outside the bustling café so Draco could keep talking his ear off about quidditch. Harry for the most part didn’t mind, too caught up in what was probably the best ice cream he’d ever had (not that he’d often ate ice cream before this point) and the game was actually very interesting to him. He’d never played any sports since no one would ever let them join outside of mandatory gym classes but he liked to run and found the point of exercising to win something intriguing.

Plus, he’d seen those broomsticks while walking with Hagrid and they looked wicked cool, like real professional sport’s athlete things and not just your regular kitchen broom. The concept that he might be able to fly—like literally leave gravity behind him and take flight—a breath-takingly attractive prospect.

“And you can just fly whenever you like at your house?” He couldn’t help but ask, Draco pausing to smile widely. He was still puffing up his chest quite a bit but he’d relaxed over the course of the conversation and the ice cream and so smiling didn’t look so forced on him anymore.

“Of course, we’ve got a whole quidditch pitch behind Malfoy Manor. I’ve grown up flying my whole life, Father even got me a tutor a couple of times.”

Pompous indeed, but being rich and a tad spoiled explained a lot of his personality. Luckily that was fixable—if he’d been inherently a jerk Harry would’ve had other problems.

“Of all the things I’ve seen about the wizarding world today I think I’m most excited about flying. When I wrote back to the Headmistress she said first years aren’t allowed to have brooms though.”

Draco made a face. “It’s a stupid rule, but even Father doesn’t find it worth making a fuss over it. Mother is always scared I’m going to break my neck or something when I go out flying so that’s probably why. Anyway, just because we can’t have brooms doesn’t mean we can’t fly—there are school brooms I think, and flying lessons first years can take.”

“I’m definitely signing up,” He decided immediately, mind trying to imagine what flying was like and failing. He couldn’t wait to try it though, and thoroughly enjoyed day-dreaming about it as he placed his elbow on the table and his chin in his hand as Draco continued to talk excitedly.

“If you’re any good we can try out for the quidditch team our second year, in any case!” Draco lit up a brightly at the idea, Harry too distracted about the news that Hogwarts had a quidditch team to put too much thought about why he was so happy about that.

“Hogwarts has a quidditch team? Who do they play against?”

“Of course they do—the house teams play against each other. Commuting to international wizarding schools to play quidditch is excessive outside of the professional league,” Draco sniffed.

“What are houses?” Again, Draco looked flabbergasted and Harry could not help but roll his eyes that time. “Stop looking at me like that—I know nothing about this world, remember? Literally got here two hours ago.”

“Oh, right.” Draco collected himself quickly, schooling his expression once more. “Well, the houses are where you’re sorted when you get to Hogwarts: Slytherin, Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, and Gryffindor. I’m going to be in Slytherin.” He said, positively oozing pride and smugness as he said that.

Harry failed to see why that was so special, yet again.

“How do you know that if they sort us when we get there? Do you get to pick which house you’re in?”

“Because my whole family’s been in Slytherin since forever. Besides it’s the best house so of course I’ll go there.” He said immediately, then pressed his lips together grudgingly. “I don’t think you can pick which house you’re in, you just get sorted there. It’s kind of a tradition that no one who knows tells you what the sorting process is like though, so everyone finds out when they get there their first year.”

“So you have no idea.” Harry smiled with a raised eyebrow, enjoying Draco’s pink cheeks.

“I do too. My whole family-”

“-has been in Slytherin, yeah, I got that. So why have they all been in Slytherin? What makes Slytherin different from other houses?”

Draco looked personally offended he’d not only interrupted him but also implied Slytherin wasn’t special in the same breath, but answered anyway all the while giving him a wounded, betrayed look.

“Slytherin is where the ambitious and clever people go. Each house has characteristics so that when you’re sorted there you’re surrounded by like-minded people and such. Ravenclaw is a bunch of bookworms and Hufflepuff is a bunch of duffers. And don’t even get me started on Gryffindor—they’re idiots.”

Harry couldn’t help it, he laughed.

Draco just blinked, not quite sure where that reaction just came from. “Uh… what?”

“Draco, do you think you’re, I don’t know, a little biased? Because you sound super biased.” Harry wiped away fake tears from the corner of his eyes as he grinned at his new friend, who just looked baffled.

“Biased? Why?”

“You clearly like Slytherin and want to be there. Isn’t it a little unfair that I’m hearing about the other houses from someone who clearly doesn’t like any of them? Why would anyone be content to have the other houses if they don’t have any worth?” He pointed out.

Draco frowned like this was seriously concerning to him. “Well what do you want me to say about them?”

“How about what other people say about the other houses. Slytherin is clever and ambitious, so Ravenclaw is…”

The blond pursed his lips for a second as if this was a serious conflict for him, before tisking under his breath and giving in. “Well… it’s said that Ravenclaws support wisdom or intelligence or something like that—they always have their noses in a book so who even knows what they support or not. I still maintain that Hufflepuffs are duffers but that’s because they focus on things like friendship and hard-working-ness or whatever that is. It essentially means they’re all saps who don’t mind doing boring grunt work even if it’s hard.” He waved off, and while Harry was still getting a lot of Slytherin bias in here but could actually pick up some of the nice things Draco was glossing over quickly. It was rather amusing.

“Gryffindors, are the enemy.” He announced clearly, and Harry raised one eyebrow at that.

“Oh?”

“Yeah. There’s been a Slytherin-Gryffindor house war for centuries. We hate each other.” He said matter of fact, and Harry had to sigh. He sounded like he too was reciting rhetoric someone else had told him, and here he thought Hagrid was bad enough.

“Okay, first of all slow down: you’re not even in Slytherin yet so there’s no ‘we’ or ‘us’ yet,” He cut in and Draco blinked, taken off guard by his strict tone all of a sudden. “Secondly, I’m not going to school to fight people for no good reason other than that’s what older generations have always done. I want to learn magic and I want to go flying. None of this rivalry silliness. Thirdly, since you have no idea what will actually happen, what would you do if you were in Gryffindor? Or I was in Gryffindor? Or Hufflepuff? No—what if you were in Hufflepuff, because if I recall to half an hour go you were the one who was being very friendly in showing me around the alley.”

Draco looked very, very horrified the longer he kept speaking and Harry couldn’t help but grin.

He couldn’t remember a time where he’d ever grinned so much in a day, and he was decidedly not regretting coming to this world at all in this moment. Despite his initial reservations, this… this was not so bad.

He only amused himself further by looking pointedly at Draco to answer, where the blond just gaped at him a bit and seemed to be at a total loss of words. Poor guy seemed to have had his world rocked several times since meeting each other and Harry couldn’t find himself feeling guilty about it.

Eventually, he took pity on him.

“I want to play quidditch with you, but would you be my friend anyway if we were playing against each other?” He wondered aloud, watching Draco’s face do acrobatics in how fast emotions flickered across his face.

It all went too fast for Harry really to catch any of it, but he let the blond work through it even as the seconds ticked on in silence. Apparently, this truly was a revolutionary decision for him, and Harry felt a little worried his answer would be no. And the longer the silence stretched, the more his playful question seemed to sink with his stomach, as a cruel reality of his life took hold once more.

Ah… maybe it really was too good to be true, to think I could make friends. Silly me.

Draco seemed like a nice guy underneath the cactus-act, but that didn’t change a life-time of conditioning to be someone maybe you weren’t (Harry knew the feeling and could only pity this boy as he watched Draco struggle with this query).

He tried not to let it show on his face how much it actually bothered him when he said: “It’s okay if you don’t want to be my friend, Draco. The ice cream was good anyway, and I learned a lot.”

Draco blinked, coming out of his thoughts enough to stare at him. The silence stretched on long enough that Harry thought maybe this was it—he’d had a friend for twenty minutes. It was a record.

It wasn’t that this hypothetical question was ever going to be true; heck, they could both be in Slytherin and this was a stupid reason to not be friends over. But it wasn’t about that.

The fact remained that Harry wasn’t interested in fighting to be anyone’s friend; he wasn’t interested in fighting at all. He just wanted to be himself, to be free, and if someone wasn’t going to accept that then he didn’t need them.

He’d come this far on his own and he’d made a promise to be his own cheerleader, his own defendant and support when he needed one. He wanted to be Draco’s friend, but he’d sworn to himself a long time ago that he wasn’t going to be cruel to himself just for the sake of others, and bending over backwards just for the chance someone else might give him approval was not how he was going to live his life. It just wasn’t.

If Draco couldn’t say that he’d be his friend over something stupid like what dorm they were sleeping in, then he had no desire to be a good friend to someone who was never going to be a good friend back.

That didn’t mean he liked standing up and that didn’t mean it wasn’t hard to smile like it didn’t bother him.

Because it very much did.

But he wasn’t the kind of person who would sit down and take this kind of hesitation, this kind of rejection. He wasn’t the kind of person who gave himself away only to get nothing in return.

Not anymore.

“I hope to see you around at Hogwarts, Draco.” He smiled like it didn’t bother him and turned to head back to Madam Malkin’s to wait for Hagrid, when a cold touch wrapped around his wrist. He startled and jumped back a little, whipping around to see Draco on his feet and leaning back as if remembering himself, his cheeks darkening noticeably.

“I’m sorry,” he blurted out, looking awkward and glancing around the street uncomfortably before lowing his eyes to the ground slightly. “I didn’t mean—you just took me off guard is all. I still think I’m going to be in Slytherin but I would… like to be your friend, even if you’re not.”

Harry evaluated him carefully, the ghost of a cold touch on his wrist reminding him of something… but he couldn’t quite place it.

He pressed his lips for a moment. “It’s okay if you’re not comfortable being friends with people in other houses, people different from you… though I don’t know why you’d be happy with that.” He admitted, watching Draco looked up at him a little confused. “But I don’t intend to not be myself because of someone else’s opinion. You’re okay with that?”

He did pause again, but only one second before his grey eyes settled into some emotion Harry wasn’t familiar with, or that he’d just never seen on someone else’s face before.

“Yeah, I am. I’d still like to be your friend, if… you’d like to me mine, given I’m not very interested in other houses.”

Well, at least he’s honest.

Harry smiled thinly. “If you can forgive me for being myself, I can give you the same courtesy then, Draco.”

The blond looked quite relieved at that, his tense shoulders dropping a bit. “Sorry… for grabbing you. I thought you were going to walk away,” he admitted with a flush of embarrassment. Harry rolled his eyes and plopped back down on the bench, tugging on Draco’s sleeve to get him to sit down beside him too.

“I was.” He admitted bluntly, Draco whipping his head up to give him a wide-eyed look. “I take being free very seriously. If I’m not free to be who I am then I’m walking away—that’s something I promised myself a long time ago.”

“Oh.” He blinked rather lamely. “Ah… I can understand that, I think. I mean my father always says: ‘Malfoys bow to no one’.”

Harry examined his new tentative friend and the way his chin was tilted up rather arrogantly and reflected on this whole conversation so far. And snorted a bit ungracefully.

“You don’t say?” He snickered.

The blond shot him a wary, slightly suspicious look. “Says the guy who was going to blow me off out of principle.”

“Being free and being proud are not the same thing. I don’t have to be proud of who I am in order to be who I want to be. If it suits me to bow my head to someone for some reason or another, I’ll do it without question. If it doesn’t, then I won’t; simple as that.”

“I… see.” Draco said in a way that told Harry he absolutely did not see at all. Not that it mattered, he didn’t have to understand in order to accept it. Luckily he did just that and shook it off easily. “Anyway, let’s go back to quidditch,”

“How about classes instead? I’m going to go buy my books now and you did say you’d know more than a Hogwarts representative. Any tips for what I should focus on?” Harry quickly deflected the conversation. He’d known the guy less than an hour and already knew he could go on about quidditch if not stopped quickly.

Draco didn’t seem to mind, although the glint in his eye told Harry he knew darn well that he’d been deflected. He puffed up in a way that was quickly become very familiar and relented without a fuss.

“Potions for one, as the teacher is strict and will start the first class with our first potion, so since you’ve got no magical background definitely read up as much as you can. If you’re not in Slytherin you’re at a disadvantage.”

He grimaced. “I went and bought my potions supplies earlier and the seller told me the Professor was a but of a bat.”

Draco blinked in surprise and his face twitched like he almost smiled but caught himself just in time. “That, ah… well he shares a bit of a resemblance, maybe. Ahem—he is my godfather actually.”

“Really!?” He sat up straighter, a little taken off guard by that. “So you really do know that he’s a tough teacher.”

“Oh yes, he’s been mentoring me in potions since I was eight—not that we are ever going to tell my parents that,” He quickly corrected him, eyes going a bit wide and Harry grinned, nodding his agreement. Draco huffed and waved dismissively. “He’s the youngest potions master ever—literally a genius at what he does, and I even admire the guy but can admit he’s not that great a teacher. Knowing about things and being able to teach them aren’t always the same thing, and boy do I know that. If he weren’t my godfather, I’d be studying my butt off just to make passing marks with his teaching style, and potions is by far my best subject.”

“Yikes.” Harry was liking this guy less and less, but could see where Draco was coming from. “What was that about not being in Slytherin though?”

“He’s the head of Slytherin house and… well, maybe the others houses don’t really like us—Slytherin that much,” He corrected himself quickly, glancing at Harry as if panicked he was about to be scolded again and Harry kept his internal grin to himself. “The Headmaster and Deputy Headmistress were both in Gryffindor and… well, I told you about the rivalry. Slytherin kids are not favored by anyone so Severus balances it out by favoring Slytherin a bit excessively. He’s also a royal grouch by personality alone, so other houses tend to vehemently not enjoy his classes.”

“That’s sounds a bit… well I mean… hm. I’m not sure what to think of it actually.” Harry admitted. He couldn’t blame one teacher for showing favoritism when everyone else apparently did it, and this one just had a sour personality by nature. “If the other houses don’t like Slytherin, maybe that… I don’t know, doesn’t help?”

Draco just sniffed, nose pointed up. “Well we—they can’t help it if the rest of the school doesn’t like them. It’s only fair.”

Harry rolled his eyes pointedly. “Fair is a complexion or a carnival—not a right. If they think it’s unjust then get even, but doing it so blatantly doesn’t sound like it suits a house known for cleverness, now does it?”

The blond beside him seemed to deflate, blinking rapidly as those words sunk in. “Well…”

“Anyway, I bought a bunch of manuals from the Apothecary, so I guess I’ll be reading those first. Anything else?”

Draco had still not recovered from his previous question and his baffled expression clearly said so, but managed to brush past it enough to move on.

“I’ve heard you can’t do much to prepare for Charms so far as theory goes as it’s mainly a practical course. If you know Latin it’s second nature.”

“Uh… isn’t that a dead language?”

Draco looked at him like he was crazy. “No, is the basis of all magical-” he cut himself off at the heated look a pair of green eyes were cutting him with and nodded once. “Right, you didn’t know about magic. Then I’d suggest taking Latin up quick.”

Harry groaned.

Sure, let me just pick up a dead language in a couple weeks, no big deal. I thought Hagrid said muggleborns weren’t at a disadvantage entering Hogwarts? Clearly that’s somebody else’s lie he was just repeating.

“Other than that I’ve heard transfiguration is a pain to learn. The professor is the head of Gryffindor house and biased as I said, but not as biased I think. She rarely ever gives out points though and is strict as anything, or so my father says. Mother says it’s because transfiguration can be dangerous when you’re learning it so she takes no nonsense, but Father thinks she’s just got a stick up her bum. Which, coming from my father means more than you think it would.”

Harry’s curiosity was peaked, but let it slide for now. Bringing up the topic of his parents would mean broaching a conversation where it would be acceptable for Draco to ask about his parents and—well, just no.

“So, potions manuals, Latin, and my Transfiguration text. Got it. Seems like I have a busy month ahead of me.” And boy did he have a plan on how to do it, thanks to the tiny pink baubles in his bag. He was almost looking forward to getting back to the Dursleys, and wasn’t that a weird thought?

“I don’t understand how muggleborns expected to excel in school without knowing Latin. That’s just insane.” Draco was shaking his head, sniffing again.

“Well I’m not a muggleborn but have the knowledge of one—Latin is a dead language in their world since I guess muggles have no need for it with no magic to deal with. It’s not like I knew until you just told me that it would be helpful to know—I was told muggleborns weren’t at a disadvantage going into Hogwarts since even pureblood children don’t know much magic going into it.”

“Well that’s an utter lie.” Draco brushed that off pretty quickly, and even with his rude tone Harry couldn’t fault him seeing as all the signs were saying he was right. “Magic is tracked in households by the Ministry, but in households with full wizards and witches they can’t tell who is doing the magic or not, so I’ve already had practice. I’ve grown up watching my parents perform magic and know tons of spells already just because they’re common and Mother and Father used them all the time, not to mention the ones they taught me already. Father let me use his wand several times to practice too, and the Ministry will never know. I mean, before you get to Hogwarts it’s not tracked as it’s considered accidental magic, but then once you go to Hogwarts they say you’re not allowed to use magic at home but in practice it’s only ever enforced at muggleborn residences. Which means I can practice magic all I want over the summers and yet muggleborns can’t.”

“Which means I can’t.” Harry realized, a sinking feeling in his stomach putting a damper on the lighter mood that had slowly been returning since their mini spat.

Draco balked, seeming to realize he’d forgotten his new friend’s status as a pureblood-slash-muggleborn-by-circumstance.

“Uh… you could visit?”

“Oh gee, as much as my relatives would love to get rid of me, I can’t see them being thrilled with that.” After all, if he wasn’t there to cook breakfast every morning and their house kept spotless, then their tenuous peace would start to crumble quick, and it’d be downhill from there.

“Get rid of you? Why?” The blond seemed legitimately baffled at the thought of relatives not wanting his presence, and Harry had to clamp down on a hysterical little bubble of laughter that threatened to tear out of his chest. He had the sudden urge to pat him on his perfectly styled blond head and croon you poor, innocent child.

“Let’s just say, they and I are not friends.” He allowed diplomatically, and before Draco could ask—and his confused expression said that yes, he was about to ask—Harry pushed forward. “So the language I speak, the times I can practice, the examples I’ve been given… any other horrible ways I’m at a disadvantage before I walk into them unwittingly?”

“Er… honestly I’d have to think about it. I’ve never considered it from the point of view of someone who didn’t know what magic was.” He admitted.

Again, at least he’s honest.

Harry laughed lightly under his breath. “You’re hopeless.”

“What? Why!?”

“You have such an endearing way of admitting you’re self-centered.”

Harry did not know what possessed him to blurt out the truth like that, but he couldn’t regret it when Draco’s pale complexion when a steady shade of creamy pink—the tips of his ears darkening to a heated rose.

“Wha—I—I am not self centered!”

Harry pointedly met his gaze in a challenge and lifted one eyebrow. “You are, and we’ve already established that I will not hold you for being yourself against you so long as you return the favor in kind. It’s fine to admit it, but you’re a bit thick if you think lying to either me or yourself will do you any good.”

Draco just gaped at him, stunned. “Is this what you meant by ‘not being proud’ or whatever?”

“A bit. I am who I am, doesn’t mean I’m a saint. But if you try to comment on my character, good or bad, then we’ve got a problem. I already know my faults and there’s no issue with knowing your own.” He waved it off gently, slightly worried he’d angered the blond to the point of him not being the one who wanted to walk away… but he didn’t. Draco just sat there and cooled off in sullen silence until only the tips of his ears were pink.

“I am not self-centered.” He repeated, but sounded a lot less sure of himself than he did two minutes ago.

“You’re a bit self-centered. You don’t care about any house by Slytherin, you’ve never even considered what it’s like from someone else’s point of view until I made you—twice now in one conversation—and keep forgetting the basic fact about me that I didn’t know about magic until today. Did I miss anything?”

The blond simply pouted, and it was so dramatic and sulky that Harry had to laugh, causing Draco to pout even more and turn away pointedly on the bench with his arms crossed. Which, only made Harry laugh harder.

Suddenly, a sharp voice broke into their little bubble, both their head’s snapping up at a nearby shout.

"Draco? Draco!" A woman’s voice was piercing down the crowded street in barely contained urgency-boarding-on-panic and Harry spotted a composed (but visibly tense) man and woman in front of Madam Malkin’s, looking around with a poised, regal air to them but clearly about to be panicked in a couple seconds if they couldn’t find their son.

And it had to be Draco’s parents, because they both had his unique silvery-blond hair, and even at this distance and Harry’s poor eyesight, he could see that Draco had his father’s jawline, but his mother’s otherwise delicate, slightly pointed features.

"Mother! Father!" Draco called out to them, their heads snapping to the side at his answer in a sharp motion ill-fitting of their otherwise graceful, elegant posture. They hid it very well, but their posture relaxed as soon as they both had him in their sights.

"Draco, what on earth were you thinking? Wandering off like that! We were only gone for a minute!" The woman reached them first, neither parent taking a second less than necessary to cross the distance and descend on him.

"Apologies, Mother." Draco sulked a bit as she fluttered over him, and Harry bit his lip to keep form grinning.

"Who is this?" The silk blond man beside his wife zeroed right in on the redhead next to their son, and Harry felt his cheeks grow hot at the intent attention he was receiving. They did not seem pleased to meet him, and he automatically ducked his head a bit, having learned to defer to sharp, unfriendly adults to keep on their good sides. Too much trouble came from opening his mouth needlessly or being too brash with strangers who were likely a full grown witch and wizard who could take a brand new eleven-year-old who didn’t even had a wand yet.

"Hello Mr. Malfoy. I'm Harry—I met Draco while we were getting our robes done and he was nice enough to show me around a bit." He defended his friend a bit, since they clearly were not pleased their son had wandered off from where they’d left him.

"Yes, he's a pureblood who was raised by muggles so I was just informing him of how things are done here," Draco chimed in, for some reason not seeming too concerned with his parents being upset about him wandering off. He also was right back to that slightly-too-pompous front he’d had on before Harry threatened to walk away. Harry just turned to the blond curiously, wondering what that was about… unless he was showing off for his parents?

He glanced back at the two adults standing over where they sat on the bench, seeming to tower over them… and they seemed stern, but caring. Protective and clearly not about to let threats pass uninvestigated. From the angle at which they were looking down their noses at them, Harry took a wild guess that they probably had just as high of expectations for their son as Draco seemed to have for people around him, which was where the pompous act came in, probably. Then again, Dudley had the same impress-my-parents-at-the-cost-of-my-independence complex if not to a lesser degree, and definitely not as refined.

Harry wondered if he would’ve had that complex too, had he had parents to grow up with and look up to.

Well, they were Draco’s parents and he seemed to admire them, no need to cause a fuss on his behalf, so Harry figured he'd play along.

He grinned widely and leaned closer to the boy beside as if to prove the point. "Draco has been so incredibly helpful too; apologies for distracting him!" He tried to be as innocent and non-threatening as possible so they wouldn't get mad at either of them, and wasn’t sure what it meant when Draco instantly stiffened beside him. But as they both were looking at the Malfoy parents he didn't see his new friend's expression, only felt him tense up from how close he’d leaned in.

Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy though, raised both their eyebrows almost in sync, which was a bit of an oddly normal motion on their previously arrogant faces. The mother turned her sharp eyes on Harry and seemed to evaluate him almost blatantly.

"Harry, was it?" She repeated as if testing the sound of his name and judging him heavily as she did it.

"Yes ma'am." He nodded, polite as he could. She just pressed her lips together with her nose twitching once like she smelled something rather unpleasant, judging him silently with narrowed eyes. She had brown eyes, Harry noted, so Draco must’ve got his from his father—who remained oddly silent, as if thinking something in deep thought as he watched his son with unreadable eyes, and Draco squirmed a bit under the evaluation he was receiving.

"Who has accompanied you here today?" Mrs. Malfoy demanded a bit sharply, but still just this side of being polite.

"They sent a representative from Hogwarts ma'am, but he wandered off while I was getting my robes done. I was waiting on him here." Harry explained as harmlessly as he could, wondering just what was going on here.

Draco was really squirming on the bench beside him now, but Harry didn't fault him for having difficult parents. You couldn’t control that; Harry half wanted to pat him on the arm and tell him not to be embarrassed on his account (he’d actually off himself out of mortification if the Dursleys were to be here making an introduction to Draco, after all) but refrained from doing so with the way Mrs. Malfoy was watching him suggesting she’d rather bite his hand off if he thought about making a careless motion towards Draco now. They were clearly still trying to evaluate if he could be trusted around their son, and still not sure but definitely not taking chances— and Harry could only admire the way they acted cool and yet clearly adored their son. Not that he’d wasted much time day-dreaming about what his own parents would’ve been like since he’d thought they were just drunks until today, but if he’d had to take a stab at wondering, having parents to who loved him, even if they were strict and embarrassing, was definitely on his wish-list.

He wanted to tell Draco not to be embarrassed, because a small part of him was actually jealous that he had parents like this who got too-involved and were pushy with new friends just because they wanted their son to be safe.

But that was a petty part of himself he didn’t like to give much time in the light of day, and nor was this the moment to say something like that, so he kept his thoughts to himself.

"But your parents were wizards." Mrs. Malfoy cut off his wandering thoughts. Harry was not sure what being a pureblood was so important, but it was definitely important apparently. He shelved it, making a note to ask Draco later and get a full explanation sometime.

"Yes ma'am."

"What is your family name?"

He opened his mouth to respond but—

"'Arry! There ya are!" Hagrid’s huge form cut into their little gathering, startling all three blonds enough to whip their heads up at the giant man in alarm. Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy collected themselves in a split second, but Draco openly gaped at Hagrid for a long while, stunned that a human could be that big and somehow sneak up on all of them.

Hagrid seemed to notice about five seconds too late that he’d just interrupted something, and it took him another full two seconds to realize who it was talking to his young charge. His smile didn’t drop but his cheerful demeanor seemed to evaporate in a puff of smoke, replaced by a slight awkwardness that haunted his huge frame. And really, when a man that big shifted his weight nervously it was a very blatant motion. "Lucius, Narcissa—lovely ter see ya." He nodded to them, perfectly polite and not quite as jovial as normal.

"Hagrid." Mr. Malfoy responded coolly, his posture dripping with distain as he glanced up and down the giant man in front of him.

Ugh, so they had the same pompous thing Draco did… uh, well that’s probably where he got it from, to be honest.

"An who is dis then?" Hagrid turned to Draco now, and Harry panicked seeing the Malfoy’s expressions darken like thunderclouds.

"Hagrid! This is Draco Malfoy, I met him getting my robes done! He was telling me more about the wizarding world," He burst out, bright and eager to make the tension go away and distract Draco’s parents from going for Hagrid’s jugular. While he spoke, reached out and looped his arm around Draco's tightly—silently sending a pleas with his eyes to the giant man to get the message that he didn't want to be judged for his new friend nor did he want this to cause too much trouble. He could clearly tell that for some reason the Malfoys didn’t like Hagrid, and Hagrid wasn’t too fond of them either although Harry hadn’t realized it was possible for the jovial giant to actively dislike someone.

Or, more likely, someone told Hagrid not to like the Malfoys or told him something about the family that he took on faith. The Malfoys themselves seem to be snobs and Hagrid is… well. Hagrid. Not much of an explanation needed really.

Either way, Harry wasn’t interested in picking fights and just wanted to be friends with Draco without a fuss. So he not-so-subtly pulled Draco closer to his side and gave Hagrid a wide-eyed look demanding he shut the quaffle up before he said something to ruin this. He loved Hagrid, he did, the man was hilarious and essentially a giant harmless puppy, but he did not trust what was going to come out of his mouth for a second.

Draco tensed up at the touch, but didn’t shove him off either and Mrs. Malfoy didn’t smack him for getting too friendly, so Harry called it a win.

Thankfully…Hagrid wasn't too dense as to realize Harry had just made a friend, and easy going enough not to put up a stink. Even if he did keep tossing glances at the Malfoys warily. "Well ain't that nice! Good fer you, makin' friends already." He nodded, more to himself and shifting his weight again.

"Hm!" Harry gave an agreeing hum, glancing at how Draco was doing will all of this, and was met with wide grey eyes seeming not to have caught up with what the hell was going on right then and just letting it happen.

There was a pause, and if they’d been normal people it would’ve been the moment Draco should’ve spoken up and introduced himself to Hagrid or at least say hello… but he didn’t. With the way his parents were bristling, Harry guessed he might be in more trouble if he did and Harry had the urge to call them all hopeless to their faces but very barely restrained himself.

Hagrid either didn’t notice the awkward air, or decided to be generous and ignore it, turning back to Harry with a nod of his giant, wild head.

"Sorry I ran off on you 'arry, but I wanted ta get you somethin' since those nasty Muggles wouldn't'a done a thing—'appy birthday 'arry!" He pronounced happily and produced a golden cage from behind his back, and in it… a beautiful white owl.

Harry's eyes went wide, and his mind left the awkward conversation about ten miles beneath him as his heart and mind leapt from his body and made a mad dash for the heavens.

"…what? That’s…"

"She's yours, have at it!" Hagrid shuffled forward on his huge feet and pushed the cage into Harry’s startled hands, dropping Draco’s arm in shock in order to stop it from dropping to the ground, but his fingers felt numb as they wrapped around the metal wire. "Toads are a bit ol' fashioned and cats make me sneeze— but owls 're dead useful they are." Hagrid chatted happily, pleased with himself for his gift.

But Harry barely heard him.

That’s… she’s…?

He stared into the cage as if not believing what he was seeing, and a pair of huge golden eyes stared back at him. She was simply breathtaking, the color of pure snow on an untouched field and feathers sleeker and classier than any of those fancy brooms or quills he’d seen on this vibrant, colorful alley. In this place where every color seemed to slam into each other all at once, she was a stunning pure white that stood out just as wonderfully and beautifully as Harry could’ve ever dreamed or imagined. She hooted softly when all he did was stare at her, and he felt his heart clutch painfully in his chest.

"I… got… a birthday present?" He wondered quietly to himself, totally shocked and only half aware he’d said those words out loud.

The owl hooted lowly at him as if to answer, yes, you did you silly boy— and he was so wrapped up in her gaze that he entirely failed to notice the Malfoys’ reaction to that statement.

He didn’t break his gaze away from her, half afraid this was going to be a dream or a joke if he broke eye contact, but he addressed Hagrid.

"Useful? How?"

"Wizards use owls to send letters to one another. They can find anyone anywhere so long as they're not warded against getting mail." Draco supplied automatically before Hagrid could open his mouth, and Harry turned wide, slightly wet eyes on him, still stunned but his mind racing with thoughts so quickly he wasn’t quite sure what to do with himself.

"R-really? So, I can send a letter to you with her?"

Draco seemed to straighten up pointedly as he nodded firmly. "Of course." He huffed in a matter-of-fact way… but his eyes were slightly hesitant, as if asking him a question.

Without thinking twice, Harry grinned, silently reassuring him that this awkward confrontation with his parents meant nothing, and that hell yes he'd be sending his first friend a letter!

He remembered himself quickly and turned back to Hagrid, knowing his eyes were slightly wet and his grin was so wide it kind of hurt his cheeks, but he didn’t care at all in that moment.

I have a friend, and I have a birthday present—there is nothing to think twice about for once.

"Thank you, Hagrid! This is amazing! She's beautiful!" He was not an earnest person by nature, but he gave everything he had to be as sincere as he could in that moment, because Hagrid had to know that this… there were not words for this.

I seem to be speechless a lot all of a sudden... and I hope it doesn’t stop.

"Ah, no problem. I've always loved animals and after those nasty muggles ya deserve a real present." Hagrid waved off, shifting his feet once more out of abashed fluster instead of nerves now.

"She's wonderful." Harry said simply, because it was true, meeting the gaze of owl once more, and she gazed right back. "What will I name you? Any ideas?" She hooted louder and flapped her wings once as if to say she didn’t know either. "Well then we'll just have to think on it." He grinned at her, and by the way her feathers fluffed she seemed content with this plan.

"It's your birthday?" Draco’s tone was a little odd, but Harry couldn’t be bothered to decipher what it meant with his first real present and a bleedin’ owl at that in front of him.

He hummed vaguely in acknowledgement, before a thought hit him. He looked up suddenly at Draco who blinked in alarm at the green eyes suddenly shining brightly in his face.

"I've never had a present or ice cream on my birthday before—thank you for showing me this place, Draco!" He grinned his too-wide grin again, and was far too happy in that moment to give a flying quaffle that Draco’s parents were right there, watching this all go down.

Draco very quickly glanced down the street at some shop over Harry’s shoulder rather than meet his eyes. "N-no problem."

Harry let out a peal of laughter at his clear discomfort and the way his ears tinged pink.

After a pause as Harry enjoyed watching Draco fidget under legitimate gratitude, Mr. Malfoy cleared his throat politely—but curtly to catch everyone’s attention.

"We're about done with our shopping today, so say your goodbyes Draco. You can write to your… friend, later." He cast an unreadable look Harry’s way as he said that and honestly Harry was too wound up to even be bothered by it, much less acknowledge it.

"Yes father." Draco complied immediately and stood, glancing back at him with a warmer smile, though it was back to his small, polite smiles instead of real ones. "It was nice to meet you Harry." He said politely, clearly well trained to have good manners and making sure to be on them in front of his parents, both of them acutely aware they were being watched like hawks now.

"You too Draco, I'll write a lot then, and you can tell me more about the wizarding world, okay?"

The blond gave a slightly shy smile back, though the hesitancy might’ve been because of his mother’s hand coming to clamp down on his shoulder. "Of course." He waved, and all Harry managed to do was wave back before the Malfoys had steered their son away lightning fast and disappear into the crowds without so much as a nod of their own towards either Harry or Hagrid.

Harry sighed. That seemed like it was going to be a bit of a problem if he was going to continue being friends with Draco. But, it wasn’t like he’d spent the past ten years dealing with difficult relatives or whatever, so it’d probably be fine.

Probably.

"The Malfoys, eh?" Hagrid huffed after a couple seconds of silence, Harry realized he’d been watching the place his new friend had disappeared for a bit longer than necessary. His attention was brought back by the distinctly unsmiling, uncomfortable look on his giant friend’s face.

Well that didn’t bode well.

"What is it Hagrid?"

"They're sort of known ta be a dark family, or so they say." The man hedged, clearly not thrilled to be having this conversation.

"Dark?" Harry frowned, realizing this would probably answer a lot of questions about Draco’s parents’ behavior, but by Hagrid’s expression it was not going to be a great learning experience.

“Ah… why don’ I buy ya another ice cream?”

Harry frowned.

000

Twenty minutes later, Harry decided that popcorn flavored ice cream was actually a horrible flavor for soft serve and that he’d been right all along: making friends was not his strong suit.





Chapter 6: Book 1 : Pride : 6




“Aunt Petunia?”

“Was I not clear that you were to go straight to your cupboard when you got home?” She snapped unpleasantly as her version of a ‘hello, welcome back’, clearly not pleased to have to look up from the magazine she was reading at the kitchen table. He couldn’t tell if she was more displeased that he’d disobeyed or interrupted her—probably being interrupted honestly.

Harry would’ve been content to do as she’d ordered and wait until a slightly better moment than right after a previously successful lie, however Dudley was out with his gang and Vernon wouldn’t be home for another hour at least and for some reason his aunt was minding her own business for once at her kitchen table instead of fluttering around the house trying to inconspicuously spy on the neighbors or chatting on the phone to one of them. This was the perfect opportunity as she was alone and safe for the time being.

That’s what his brain said at least—his heart though reminded him that the sooner he did this, the sooner he’d never have to set foot in that damn cupboard again.

He told himself it was simply good tactics to do it now, and ignored the small voice calling him a hypocrite when not four hours ago he was telling Draco that lying to oneself was unbecoming.

Shut up and focus, he scolded himself, meeting her angry muddled-hazel eyes with a carefully blank expression.

“I’m going to Hogwarts this fall, not Stonewall.” He announced, his heart skipping a beat since this was a huge thing but… he had a plan.

He couldn’t stop his stomach flipping as he face spiraled into several emotions at once—shock, horror, disgust, fear, and anger being the most blatant ones. His prediction as correct when she settled between a mix of fear and anger.

“What did you say?” She half shouted, half hissed, on her feet in a second.

He was disappointed, but not surprised when there was no confusion in her tone or her voice. She knew exactly what Hogwarts was… and she probably knew a lot more than she let on in her eternal quest to be ‘normal’, in all honesty. She’d been his mother’s sister, and if Lily Evans had gone to Hogwarts… there was no way Petunia didn’t know all about it. She never talked about the late Potters except to spit venom and slander, and through that Harry had known she’d cut ties when his mom had been about seventeen years old; usually Petunia was saying something loud and bitter about not having cut ties sooner than that, but even that tiny bit of information told Harry that she’d known her sister the entire time his mom was at Hogwarts. There was no way she didn’t know, and that meant she’d actively kept it from him.

Calling them drunks, and freaks, and lazy vagabonds.

Harry forced himself not to yell, but he sure as hell wanted to.

“You knew, didn’t you?” He demanded in a low tone.

His aunt paled, but she held her angry expression and ground her teeth together like she wanted to scream, like it all wanted to come spilling out… she looked about ready to do so too, but Harry had had enough. He knew nothing that came out of her mouth, answers or not, would be pleasant or unbiased.

He was going to Hogwarts and he’d find his own answers about who his parents were. He didn’t need Petunia to fill anything in—it was clear she’d lied, that she’d known, and Harry was smart enough to be able to draw his own conclusions.

Fear, anger, jealousy—Harry knew he himself would not be very gracious if Dudley were the one to be gifted a magical chance to escape reality while he was left in his cupboard. While he and Dudley were not in the same position two once-close sisters were, Harry knew in that situation that his feelings would not be very kind-hearted… but he also knew he’d never lock Dudley’s child in a cabinet for ten years out of spite either.

He took a breath and spoke before she could open her mouth and whatever vitriol she’d been bottling up for years got the chance to come tumbling out. She could keep it bottled up for eternity until it ate her alive, for all he cared.

“After this conversation we don’t have to mention it ever again. I got my letter last week and thought it was a joke, but I met with someone on my way home from detention yesterday that explained the entire situation to me and I’ve decided to go to that school. You won’t have to see me the entire year, whereas I’d still be living at home if I went to Stonewall. I will never speak of where I’m going or what I’m doing there again in exchange for you to let me go September first and then one day before then to go collect my school supplies in London. I’ll hide all of it in the shed—I’ll sleep out there even so no one will ever know and it won’t be brought into this house. I will do my best so that you and Uncle Vernon and Dudley won’t see or hear a thing of it.”

She paused; anger derailed by this provided solution. The silence stretched on for a long several minutes and he watched her beady eyes flash and twitch as she considered it.

Then:

“…what of the tuition.”

“Taken care of.”

Another long silence… before she nodded once, a tiny movement as if afraid someone would see her even agreeing to this in the safety of her own home.

“You may go. This conversation never happened and Dudley will never know how much of a freak you really are—you will keep it all in that shed and out of this house, am I understood?”

“Perfectly.”

“Then get out; take whatever filth you had in the cupboard out the shed. No time like the present.” She sneered like she was taking one last kick at him, but Harry considered it a win considering that was exactly what he’d been hoping she’d do. “There will be no change in your chores and you’re expected to finish them the normal way, or else.”

“Yes Aunt Petunia.”

000

Harry was thrilled.

The shed was not what you’d call cozy, it was… well, just a shed. It was a reasonably big shed since the Dursleys liked to show off to their neighbors how well-off they were, except there was very little actually in the shed given that they had slave-labor to do all their gardening for them and were content with letting him use last decade’s tools to do it. Aside from a push-mower, a workbench covered in gardening tools, a pile of bags of dirt, a bunch of ceramic planters, some shovels and larger tools leaned up in a corner, and a basket filled with tangled hoses, there wasn’t much to actually store in this rather large shed. The structure itself liked to suggest it had two riding-movers and storage for ski equipment and other large-ticket vacation items that would need storage year round that actually well-off people might have in their sheds, but the Dursleys only liked to pretend and hated exercising so none of them had ever seen a ski lift in their life much less had the equipment stored up in here.

What it resulted in was a generally empty wooden room with a steepled roof of rafters and three windows total: two on either side of the double doors that made the entrance and a small circular one at the very back center wall, no bigger than if Harry put his arms in a circle in front of him—but all three did open.

He had been the only person to enter this place in all his living memory so he knew he was generally safe here, but it’d be over before it started if Dudley got curious as to why he was in here if he so happened to spot him coming and going. Petunia would likely give her husband and son some reason like that he was getting to big for the cupboard and now he was out of the house for good, and probably make it very, very clear that Dudley was to never come in here lest he’d learn of that pesky thing she hated called ‘magic’. Even hearing that rule it wouldn’t stop Dudley if he wanted to know or got upset that he was forbidden from picking on Harry in here now, and if he did break in and see something he wasn’t supposed to Harry would definitely be blamed for it anyway.

With this in mind he reached into his handy new bag that Petunia hadn’t even noticed in her outrage and subsequent deal-making was actually very, very magical and blatantly standing in the middle of her oh so normal kitchen.

Hagrid had dropped him off back at the library and gotten a promise for him to visit once he got to Hogwarts, and on the walk home Harry had drained the last of his saved pounds from skimming of the Dursley’s grocery money to invest in some key items that was going to make this whole thing work.

First, a padlock and bike chain. The shed doors were reasonably thick and could be locked from the outside (he had no idea where that key was but knew the Dursleys would miraculously find it the next time he got in a load of trouble—a joy for future-him to enjoy, he was sure) but the inside only had twin handles that he promptly locked tightly with the chain. It wasn’t 100% Dudley proof but if Dudley were determined enough to break down this door (not a strong likelihood given how uninterested he was in exercise in general, but still a likelihood if he got a bunch of his friends in on it too) he’d cause a royal racket and enough of a scene in full view of the neighbors if they peered over their fences to see what all the noise was about, that even Vernon would stop his spoiled son so to save face. Petunia would stop him as soon as she heard because she knew what her son might see and do anything to prevent it, so… not 100%, but it was a damn good safety measure, more than he’d ever had before given that he was always the one being locked in.

Now he could lock himself in and he found he really liked that. That feeling that he was actually safe. It was a good one, and one he hoped he could get more of from here on out.

The next thing he did—really it should’ve been the first but he was paranoid—was open the cage door of his new owl friend and let her stretch her wings as she flew out and flapped into the rafters, examining her new home. He had snuck her in here before doubling back to go in the front door for his confrontation with Aunt Petunia, because she was the only thing that wouldn’t fit in his bottomless bag (the salesman said live things would not fair well at all with the kind of charms he’d used) and clearly he couldn’t have anyone seeing him walking around with a golden cage containing a beautiful white owl. Talk about suspicious—Petunia would have a fit and he hadn’t been free from his cupboard for an hour yet.

“It’s not much but we should be safe here. Don’t let anyone in the house or the surrounding houses ever see you or we’ll be in a much smaller location than this… in fact, if I’m ever locked in he house for one reason or another then don’t come here at all.” He spoke to her, her golden eyes watching him as he walked to the back of the shed. She was an owl but… he got the feeling she understood every word. “Here—this is a good entrance/exit if you can manage it… it faces a tree so no one will see you come in and out too much if you’re careful. I’ll leave it open for you to come and go.”

She hooted low and clear as if agreeing with this arrangement and he grinned up at her. “I really need to think of a name for you… something will come to me, I’m sure.” She hooted once as if saying take your time, and he shot her another grin.

Window open, he put his magic bag down and got to work.

First thing’s first was a small broom he’d grabbed from the grocery store and set to work cleaning the floor from the years of dust, dirt, mulch, and grease that had settled in some places. He picked up the tools and the hoses and the planters and arranged them so they were in a neat u-shape, shoving the workbench with all his strength and after forty minutes of huffing and working up a sweat, it was placed in the middle of the room facing the doors—well, a bit closer to the back wall instead of the middle of the room, but now it looked like a nice and tidy shed that had approximately a third of it missing at the back.

Now he had to make it “disappear”.

The whole shed was only about just under four meters in width but long at about eight meters. The space he’d sectioned off was the entire width but only ate up two meters of the whole length, so if he did this right he’d have a nice little 4 x 2 meter area to call his own—it was a huge upgrade in space compared to the cupboard.

Simply thrilled at this prospect, with the area clean and sectioned off from the rest of the shed he started emptying out his magical bottomless back. The first thing he was looking for: a giant swath of cloth he’d purchased from Madam Malkin’s. He’d had to double back and made some flimsy excuse about wanting to make his own shirts or something and Hagrid hadn’t even blinked twice since for some reason that was a logical purchase to him, and Madam Malkin herself didn’t care as the color he’d asked for was so unpopular that she’d had this particular roll for two years and never even cut into it, so she’d sold it on discount which made Hagrid even happier.

Harry understood: in a world where witches and wizards wore bright emerald and neon purple robes like it was nothing, plain old wood-textured brown was boring. It was exactly what he needed though, and took his third grocery-store purchase—thumb tacks—to cut and then pin two sheets of the large fabric to the floor, along the wall, and to the rafter crossbeam marking the start of ‘his’ area. He doubled up the fabric for further security just in case and because he had the extra material and thumb tacks, and by the end of it the two sheets overlapped in the middle directly behind the workbench blocking the entrance, but was a stretchy enough material that he could slip through carefully and cross between “rooms”.

The rafters were still all open so any light would still be visible at night, and he fixed this by using some spare fabric and creating crude curtains for all three windows that could be drawn and pinned if he needed them to be. For now he left them pinned above the window, the glass opened so let some cross breeze through since it was hot in an uninsulated shed in the middle of July.

Which is why the second his “room” was finished, he dug through his bag for his next favorite magical invention right after his bottomless bag: the atmosphere bulbs.

He stuck one below the window in the upper center of his new living space and immediately the soft, periwinkle, sparkly wonder started working, much to his relief. The increasingly hot shed magically cooled off to a slightly chilly room-temperature. He had tons of new robes and clothes and fully intended to get more on his ‘day off to get school supplies’ he’d gotten from Petunia, so slightly-chilly was far better than dying of heat stroke since it looked like he’d be living summers in here at least from now on.

The exposure to the elements was the main—eh, only—reason he’d not considered begging to be kicked out here instead of the cupboard years ago. Summer was one thing, he could probably melt and still survive, but winters were cold and he was only eleven—he definitely wouldn’t have lived long and losing toes and fingers because he hated his cupboard wasn’t a good trade, no matter how much he hated that damn thing. The game changer was these atmosphere bulbs, and Harry tucked the second safely in his handy-dandy security pouch for safe keeping. He could afford to replace almost everything, but his vault key, his brand new wand, and access to these bulbs—even temporarily he’d be in bad shape to have to sweat it out / endure freezing out here, so into the pouch his key and bulb went, before finding a safe home under a floorboard he spent twenty minutes using a trowel to pry up.

His wand he kept on him, at Hagrid’s instruction. The giant man’s reluctance to let go of the tiny pink umbrella he carried around with him despite technically having had his wand snapped for an undetermined reason years ago told Harry that if even Hagrid was disobeying orders to follow this rule, it was a rule worth following even at risk of what the Dursleys would do if they caught him. He’d leave it under the floorboards when he left the shed, but for now he’d get used to having it one him.

By the time that was done it was late—Petunia had not asked him to cook dinner and he didn’t have anything on him to eat either, so he simply set his tiny alarm clock and set up shop on the thin mat he’d had in his cupboard he was allowed to take out here with him. He made a note to see about getting some better solution on his free day out, but would have to wait a time so that Petunia had cooled off from even this small change.

The white owl hooted above him, as if wishing him a good night, and he managed to hum happily as he drifted off.

Today had been… a good one.

000

“How about Hedwig? She was a powerful warrior in the goblin war of 1308. Don’t know why, but Hedwig seems to just fit, what do you think?”

The white owl perched on his trunk beside him as he knelt and used it as a make-shift desk to flip through his history textbooks chirped lightly, accepting this name.

“Hedwig it is then.” He decided, closing the book without much further ado. It read more like a fantasy novel than a history book, however even that couldn’t make twelve goblin wars in a row more interesting. Goblins really liked to fight it seems and humans were great at repeating past mistakes—that poem out front Gringotts made a lot more sense suddenly.

It had only been a week and Harry was back on track with the Dursleys mostly—he still got up and cooked their breakfasts, packed their lunches, whipped up desserts, did the shopping and generally kept house while Petunia spied on their neighbors, but now he got to escape to someplace other than the cupboard when he was finished enough for their liking. Whatever Petunia had told Vernon made his face permanently purple whenever he saw Harry in the same room as him for about two days before he seemed to settle into the fact that nothing had outwardly changed in their routine and Harry himself was in no danger of randomly announcing to the room that he was a wizard.

Harry had a sneaking suspicion his uncle actually knew about magic too, but refused to comment on it since this new agreement had presented itself so conveniently. He suspected because Dudley had, predictably, put up a fight about not being able to follow Harry into the shed to bother him, and both his aunt and uncle had put their foot down with equal vehemence. Petunia even miraculously produced a copy of the shed key and said if they ever found it unlocked he’d be back in the cupboard before he could say cupboard.

Dudley had never been told no in his entire life, but the second he started banging on the shed door while Harry was inside scrubbing the kitchen floor, Petunia had run out in only her slippers and dragged him inside once more. She then did the unthinkable and told Harry not to cook Dudley a single sweet that night.

Dudley of course had a royal cow and Harry took the brunt of it, but he was for once on Petunia’s side in that he most certainly did not want Dudley messing with anything in that shed so he’d held firm despite a lot of cheap shots to his kidneys and things thrown at him that he then had to clean up when they broke. Petunia never gave either, which Harry was honestly surprised by; he must have really underestimated how much she hated magic. Either way, Dudley sulked up a royal storm (and not the endearing way Draco did either) and never attempted it again. He must’ve figured the punishment wasn’t worth the hassle of lugging himself out to the shed to even bother, when he could tell his parents to order Harry to come inside and they’d do it in a heartbeat. Win-win for him, win-some lose-some for Harry, but hey, at least he wasn’t always losing anymore.

Harry finally felt 100% safe in here for once and had gotten comfy—or, as comfy as he could with his meager belongings. In his free time he could actually stand up and walk around a little bit, or stretch out and read with his booklight that wasn’t too bright to risk being seen over his curtains. He could leaf through his magical textbooks and fiddle with his new potions equipment all he liked, and he’d even risked taking his bottomless bag on his grocery store trips to stock up on extra protein bars and snacks for when he wasn’t able to slip enough food for himself off the Dursley’s meals. It was practically paradise, really.

And now that things had settled and he’d given all his textbooks a thorough examination… he was left with his thoughts.

Ugh.

He huffed, letting his head rest on the trunk and Hedwig nipped gently at his ear curiously.

“It’s nothing, I’ve just… been avoiding writing to Draco. You’d probably like the exercise of delivering a letter finally, but… it’s complicated.”

Hedwig’s light chirp could’ve been interpreted as a question, and Harry shrugged.

“Oh, nothing. It was just a lot to figure out magic was real the same day I learn my parents were not drunks but were in fact murdered. Oh and let’s not forget the part where my wand is the brother to the wand of the man who killed them and my first friend is apparently from a family who served said parent-murdering madman ten years ago. No big deal.”

Hedwig didn’t respond—in fact after a brief pause she flew up to the rafters and seemed to hide behind one of the beams. He lifted his head to glare at her mildly.

“You’re no help, really.” He responding hoot sounded like an apology and he just let his head plop back down onto the trunk with a gently thud.

The answer was of course simple: Draco wasn’t his parents and was no older than Harry was when he defeated the dark lord. Harry didn’t remember defeating the dark lord and that stands to suggest Draco would have no knowledge or control of what his parents did while said dark lord was still alive.

Draco was an eleven-year-old, just like him, who put up a mask of being an arrogant, self-centered, know-it-all and could easily come off as an asshole. But with just a little prodding he came unraveled at the seams and a very real, earnest eleven-year-old boy—just like him—shone through. He didn’t deserve to be cast in with the lot of Voldemort-worshippers just because of who his parents were or his family’s history. Harry had already promised not to hold who he was against him, in exchange for the same… and while it was hard to wrap his head around, he could live with this promise. It was unimaginable to consider forgiving and being friends with someone who may-or-may-not be inclined to worship the man who murdered his parents… but in that same vein, Draco was then befriending the boy who was responsible for his family’s lord being destroyed. If Draco was still up to be his friend then… Harry could…

He groaned and thunked his head on the trunk once more. It was one thing to know logically that it wasn’t Draco’s fault and another to get his heart on board with the idea.

Just thinking about the wooden floor he was kneeling on in a garden shed instead of in a family home with parents who might’ve loved him was enough to make the very concept hard to accept. To forgive, to look past…

Eventually, he couldn’t beat around it anymore. Draco was not his family history, and he deserved the chance a whole bunch of eleven-year-old were about to get to start over fresh at Hogwarts. Harry himself was really, really counting on this fresh start, so he had no reason to deny Draco his either. Harry himself was living proof that your relatives didn’t define who you were, after all, so it wasn’t up to him to sit here and decide who Draco would become or who he would end up supporting and try and make contingency plans accordingly. Draco had already promised to be his friend, so he was just going to have to get over this fretting about a future he couldn’t control and just be friends with the jerk already.

Besides… Draco was his friend already. Against his better judgement, Harry was kind of… attached, to this cactus-like blond boy with unnaturally perfect skin. It didn’t even matter at this point if he cut off ties now or waited for Draco to prove he was more like his family than Harry was hoping he was, he’d still be losing a friend and he wasn’t sure it was going to hurt any more or less either way. He’d never had a friend to lose before really and he’d at least like to pretend he had one for a little while instead of losing them in less than a week.

So here’s to optimism and second chances—Harry wasn’t usually about those things but hey, magic was real so why the hell not really.

With a great huff he lifted his head and pulled put a piece of parchment and the ink and quill he’s purchased with Hagrid from his trunk. He’d practiced little and his handwriting sucked with a normal pencil, but a quill was a whole other beast. Still, Draco would have no idea what he’d done if he wrote it in ball point or pencil and if this was how they wrote at Hogwarts he’d definitely need the practice, so might as well. He was annoyed just imagining the fact that Draco probably had perfect handwriting with these stupid feathers, and it was because of this he found himself putting far more time and effort into his letter than he would’ve otherwise. He forced himself to focus and get every word out perfectly.

Dear Draco…

000

Lucius was not an idiot, and neither was his wife.

Harry was not an uncommon name, especially after the dark lord’s defeat there was an explosion of children named Harry here and there, and the boy Draco had met at Diagon Alley could’ve been the right age for how small he was. To hear that the boy was actually going to be in Draco’s year was a bad omen though, given they’d always known that their son and the Potter child would be year mates.

Lucius would admit that he’d entirely been expecting a James Potter clone. Lily Evans was a talented witch but a muggleborn still and he’d never given her much thought aside form avoiding her legendary temper, which she thankfully only directed at people her own year or below—Lucius and Narcissa being upper years and barely sharing their Hogwarts years with her, she was forgettable.

James Potter though, had the Potter look that his father and grandfather and great grandfather did too, as they were an old pureblood line even if they kept creating half-bloods every so often by marring muggleborns when the fancy hit them. The Malfoys and the Blacks were aware of the Potter line like all old pureblood families were aware of each other and the dark messy hair, the build, the glasses—there was one Potter in every generation that had the look. It was like how the Weasleys were all freckly gingers; there had to be some magical inheritance going on for it to be that blatant. Lucius saw far too much of James Potter through Sirius Black and the degenerate’s unfortunate connection with his wife’s family, and Lily Evans had been such a non-entity to Lucius before they both died, that for some reason he was 100% expecting to pick out the Boy Who Lived from the crowd by keeping an eye out for a tiny James Potter.

To see a tiny, lithe-limbed, delicate-faced, scarlet-haired, green-eyed thing on the arm of his son was not the first impression Lucius could’ve ever imagined his first meeting with the boy who’d defeated the dark lord as a babe would go. The fact that Draco was head over heels smitten with this boy, clear as day in the middle of Diagon bloody Alley of all places, was not the direction Lucius had been planning his life to go. In fact this didn’t rank in the top one hundred possible outcomes of his year, if he’d ever been creative enough to dream up this situation—which he wasn’t, let’s be clear. This was a dragon trampling through his carefully laid garden he’d been tending to and watching grow for years now; all that work, wasted in one fiery, green-eyed mess.

He’d been holding out hope that the boy—Harry—was just that, a Harry by another name and call it a day, since he never actually mentioned being a Potter, but a week after that odd incident his hopes had been shattered.

Draco (still so naïve, too-trusting Draco who never hid a thing from him) ran in to the sitting room with the biggest grin on his face Lucius could remember him having. The last time his son had smiled like that, had been when he’d first ridden a broom, and he’d been quite small then. It made his heart pang uncomfortably in his chest, at the reminder that he wasn’t sure of the last time his son had smiled like he was truly happy, and not because he needed it for a mask he was portraying. It was as per his training, but it didn’t mean as a father that Lucius liked it at all.

He’d showed him the letter his friend had written him… and at the bottom, signed in surprisingly neat penmanship for someone who grew up with muggles—the name Harry Potter.

Just fantastic really. That boy was a dragon in his garden, and Lucius was not pleased.

He sat there pondering in front of the fireplace later that night; he didn’t respond to Draco other than a calm nod, and his son was too excited to read much into it as he ran back off to respond in kind. Lucius had let him go, finishing his work for the night and enjoying dinner with his family where thankfully Narcissa took hold of the conversation to talk about a garden party she was arranging and the political consequences of that, so Draco didn’t have a chance to bring up his letter. Narcissa knew of course, because she was Draco’s mother and his wife and she always seemed to know these things, so he was sure she’d done it on purpose.

Draco was in bed and the fire was flickering silently when he felt his wife’s presence come stand by the side of his chair, striding a step forward so that she too was gazing at the fire and the both of them were keeping an eye on each other through their peripherals.

"What do we do, Lucius? You know as well as I do that it's not impossible the dark lord could return." She intoned lowly. It was only thanks to the wards he had on this room that it was a safe place to discuss these things, and he nodded slowly… taking a sip from his drink.

Draco was clearly… smitten with the boy. Which, while the discovery that their son was attracted to men even if Draco himself didn’t consciously know it just yet was a shock in and of itself, it didn't truly stop them—they were parents who loved their child long before they were death eaters or anything else. It was less that their son was getting close to another boy and more that it was Harry Potter. The dark lord would not be pleased to return and find the Malfoy heir consorting with his arch enemy.

Lucius pinched the bridge of his nose. His thoughts on being a death eater were nothing more than self-serving: he'd joined for status and power and he'd abandoned the title for the very same reason, after the dark lord fell from power. For himself, for his family--and yes he believed in wizard superiority over muggles but the torturing, killing, violence of it all was just part of the job, same as flattering the oaf of a Minister and having tea with dignitaries was part of the job now that he was playing on the Light side. He didn't care for either, in either a positive or negative way; he was a Slytherin and was fully able to act accordingly when presented with a new environment in which he needed to survive. He played up his generous, philanthropic side for the Light, and played up his utter distaste of Muggles and mudbloods for the Dark side. He was not so stupid as to think everyone was not aware that he was rather dark-sided for the Light, and rather light-sided for the Dark, but he played his parts well enough to be able to get away with it even if it wasn't flawless.

Survival was what came first, after all.

He didn't care that he'd killed and tortured before, but he also didn't actually care one bit about muggles in the first place--he never gave either of those things enough thought to truly hate or enjoy either. But certain people expected him to be bigoted just as some expected him to be cruel, and so depending on his audience he was a marvelous actor. But at the core of it all?

He just didn't care.

What he did care about, was his son. He even cared little about marrying Narcissa except for that their common goals and personalities were so impossibly well suited he found himself loving her as time went on. He'd always known she was the woman for him, even back in their Hogwarts days; he just wasn't a passionate sort of person. Prideful and arrogant, he knew, but not passionate. Their marriage contract was purely because the Malfoy family was old blood and extremely wealthy, and she was a branch descendant of the Black family so would get a healthy inheritance herself. The fact that neither of them were interested in anything but getting business done and were perfectly suited partners in every playing field was simply a bonus, and neither of them required being in love or being passionate about their relationship to be part of their marriage in any way. Neither of them were very engaged, passionate people was all.

That only changed when Draco was born, and his son, his heir, the only thing on this earth he had more pride in than he did himself, took his breath away, and he knew it was the same for Narcissa.

And so this sudden change in the plan was a little alarming; he'd raised Draco to be more dark than light because the dark had more power, and breaking the rules to get what you want was a key Malfoy trait, and he'd wanted his son to have every opportunity he'd been able to afford him. Lucius himself would keep the Malfoy name clean so that when his son grew he'd still be respected in Light communities, while raising him to be aware of their Dark connections and give him a leg up in the world. That had been the plan in any case, and Draco was always a happy, loved child so that was all that mattered.

Now that he'd veered off that path and befriended Harry Potter, there was a choice Lucius would have to make, as a father. Draco did not yet know that this boy he was smitten with will mostly likely not enjoy the darker aspects of the Malfoy lifestyle, and he was in for a heartbreaking rude awakening when that happened. Malfoy would like to avoid making his son cry in such a manner at all costs—and cry he would, for even the unbreakable Malfoys, at such a young age, are susceptible to heartbreak. It would be almost unavoidable in some ways, as the young were stupid and naïve and figuring out their emotions on their own, but Lucius thought of his old friend Severus and felt a streak of panic shoot through him.

Severus had gotten too close to the Dark when he was learning to balance between the two sides of the war and scared off his first love because of it—another red haired beauty with a Light personality who'd captivated a Grey soul and the mother of the boy Draco was now mesmerized by. Looking back at it now he wondered how he didn't notice Lily Evans' child standing in front of him before, but now that he knew he couldn't un-see a red-headed child rejecting a young Severus Snape because of his connections to the Dark. It had broken the young potions master and Severus had never recovered, especially since she died before they could ever reconcile. Not that they ever would've, as she'd gone and married someone more suited for the Light, and Severus' arch enemy at that.

He feared another red-headed child would do the same to his son, and he'd watch Draco become the miserable loner that Severus became.

Not that he did not think of Severus as a friend, but he did not want that fate for his son, by any cost. He wanted his son happy, and successful in life. Safe and situated at an advantage, at all times. He refused to be ignorant of history repeating itself, so he would learn from Severus' mistake for the sake of his child.

He gave a great sigh, having thought through these thoughts and coming to the only conclusion he, as a father, could.

"Being more Dark-sided had its advantages, however Draco will not be successful in his attempts at wooing this boy if we remain so. This connection will undoubtedly bring us trouble if the Dark lord should return, so perhaps it's time to situate ourselves as truly Grey."

Narcissa nodded, not surprised by this conclusion, probably having thought through it herself. This is why he loved this woman.

"It seems so. I do not wish to approach Dumbledore at this moment, but perhaps Severus would be a good first contact. The Greengrass family too."

"I agree." Lucius hummed, finishing his drink. "We should allow Draco time to continue to write this boy, but we will have Severus for dinner before the school year starts."

"Indeed. We should also begin explaining this to Draco, so he is more prepared for when the year begins." She smoothed the front of her skirts and turned to face him properly now. "Should we address the agreements between the Crabbe and Goyle families?"

"I suppose we must. They are truly Dark and would never understand the complexities of what we are attempting here, but I wouldn't dismiss their protecting Draco. He should be free to interact with this boy but will still need allies within Slytherin." The assumption being that Harry Potter would be a Gryffindor, without a doubt. Being friends with a Gryffindor meant his boy needed all the more protection within his own house, for certain.

“True. Very well, I will begin planning a dinner for Severus and draft a plan for Draco’s education. Do get some rest dear.”

“Yes dear,” Lucius said politely as she ghosted from the room on graceful feet.

She knew damn well that he’d be back at his desk drafting his own plan, of which they’d discuss it over breakfast before Draco managed to pull himself from his bed. They’d come to an agreement then, and if he went to bed now and didn’t prepare anything, she would have her way entirely. Clever witch.

And that was why he loved her.

He finished his drink in one last swig and stood—he had work to do.





Chapter 7: Book 1 : Pride : 7


Chapter Notes

Cursing warning!

Also it's a little short because the next one is looooong

Thank you all for the kudos and comments, they are very encouraging :)





It was the Saturday two weeks before September 1st that Harry finally had his plan together. The night before he’d casually caught his aunt alone and said he’d be gone all of the next day—she thankfully remembered their deal and gave him a sharp look but said absolutely nothing to him as she hurried to the next room to escape him. Figuring that was practically a ‘have fun’ in her terms, he’d set about drafting his list of items after his evening chores and preparing for the trip.

Draco and he had found a rhythm of letter writing, Harry mentioned he only had time at night and very early in the morning, so he’d usually get back to the shed to see a Hedwig drinking from her water bowl in the corner with a letter around her leg. He’d read it and respond before continuing to read from his textbooks and take detailed notes— at Draco’s instruction since apparently the spoiled jerk had had private tutors since birth and was now more than willing to boss him around in good-studying practices. Sometime in the night Draco must get his letter and draft his own response since apparently the boy didn’t need to sleep and was fine sleeping in until any hour during the summer (a foreign concept to Harry but he’d already known Draco’s parents spoiled him rotten so it wasn’t a shock) so Harry usually had another letter waiting for him when he woke. He’d started waking up even earlier these days to be able to respond to Draco, and also get in the house to freshen up for the day before having to cook breakfast and start his chores.

Two letters a day and Harry decided it was entirely worth taking the risk on Draco—he seemed entirely unwilling to talk about his family’s history or his parents in general, and Harry was content to avoid those topics too. Instead they kept to light topics, Draco explaining about the wizarding world and Harry explaining about the muggle one, talking school and hobbies (of which Harry had almost none and Draco’s was simply ‘quidditch) and a plethora of other small-talk-like topics. In letter form he noticed it was a lot easier to plan what you wanted to say and carefully direct where a conversation was going; it was easier to avoid certain things but also allowed a level of freedom with what you said that sometimes people were not brave enough to say to someone to their face, somehow writing it in a letter being easier, safer.

For example, Draco’s and subsequently Harry’s own letters were getting longer and longer as they found more and more to say to each other, but about three days ago Draco had sent one that was easily five pages, front and back. It was a novella even by their standards and Harry quickly realized he was using most of the parchment real estate to build up to say something.

…father once said there was nothing more interesting than a niffler who couldn’t niff, if that makes sense. Anyway, the point I’m trying to get across is that it’s not weird at all, and I think you’re fine the way you were regardless of what anyone says. I don’t understand who in their right mind would say such mindless things, especially about your hair. Honestly your are hair is beautiful and it was what caught my eye that day in Diagon Alley, even when everything these is a catastrophe of color, you stood out about them. In a good way! Well that’s a little weird of me to say but you should know I meant it, and if anyone would like to comment on it again I’ve included a list of a few new spells that Mother taught me that would be really useful for you I think if you…

Harry had re-read that page of the letter about twelve times to the point where he had Draco’s elegant, yet ambling way of writing memorized. He almost didn’t remember what he’d said in his last letter to prompt such a response but vaguely recalled talking about how he always wore a beanie aside from that one day in the Alley because he’d been told his hair was too bright. Not that anyone had seen his hair outside of the Alley at this point in order to tell him it was too bright, but he hadn’t wanted to get into detail about why he’d hidden his hair for years now over letter.

He’d saved every letter Draco had sent him so far, but that one had left him feeling light and… happy in a way he could never remember being. He had told himself he didn’t need others’ validation to be happy to be himself, but that was before when he’d had none and was just making it by on the strength of his own self-worth. Now that someone had actually complimented him… him, not his mother’s hair, but his hair…

He had been positively cheerful to walk into the house for chores that day, and it was a real struggle not to grin like a maniac while doing so less the Dursleys throw a fit about him being ‘weird’.

His baby cactus-like friend had complimented him, and he’s taken five pages to say it because clearly Draco wasn’t brave enough to come right out and say it, much less ever say it to his face. Which meant he truly meant it because he’s mustered up enough courage to say it at all.

Over the last month he'd only grown more excited that this new world he was entering would be different than the one he was leaving behind. That he could be free to be himself and that maybe no one would care or call him a freak if he were just a bit off--after walking down Diagon Alley and seeing all those strange people and items, he thought just being himself would actually be tame comparatively. But anticipating and actually having proof that someone liked him for who he was… that they’d be going off into this magical world together in two short weeks…

It was very hard to sit down and think logically through what he needed to do with his one free day, because he was so excited he also felt like jumping up and down and running around his tiny shed/room to burn off the energy he hadn’t spent doing chores that day.

List made, he attempted to sleep and found that it was pretty much a waste of time—he was far too excited, and tomorrow promised to be yet another great one.

000

That same night, at an undisclosed location much father north in a vast and sprawling Manor with a heard of peacocks chirping to one another as the moon rose higher in the sky, dinner was wrapping up.

A white owl was delivering that night’s letter to a third story window the same moment Lucius and his old friend were retiring to the parlor for a drink after a simply divine dinner fit for a guest that the hosts wanted something from. Severus wasn’t a fool and he was only ever invited over when something was afoot—most of the times it was because Draco had demanded it, wanting to see his godfather more often because of their not-so-secret potions lessons. Draco had a lot to learn if he thought he was successful in hiding those lessons from his parents, but Lucius and Narcissa were content to let him believe he’d gotten away with it for now. It’d be a valuable lesson later, he was sure they were planning something.

Tonight was not about Draco then, as his godson had bid him a good night and retreated instead of inviting him to the library or some other excuse to get away from his parents and talk potions. Lucius invited him for a night cap and as his glass was filled with 500 year scotch, Severus knew this was going to be a pivotal conversation—his old friend didn’t break out the good stuff for less than world dignitaries he was trying to win over, and Severus knew he himself did not make the cut. Which meant whatever he wanted from him, it was going to be bad.

They sat it relative silence for a time, Lucius asking after the latest potion he was developing, and while Severus would love to speak in depth about it he also knew not to spill proprietary potion research to someone who would sell it to the highest bidder without a second thought if presented the chance. Lucius was his friend, but Severus wasn’t stupid either.

Eventually, he had enough of the beating around the bush.

"What is it you've really called me for, Lucius?"

The blond man sighed as if put out that their delicate conversation was broken but such a blunt question. Still, he relented. "You will not find it a pleasant topic Severus, but bear with me." Severus just gave him a curious look; Lucius was one of the few people who understood his position as a spy—for neither the dark lord nor Dumbledore, but purely for whatever side ensured survival since Lily had died. He’d been devoted to Dumbledore for all of three weeks when Voldemort had been going after the Potters and Dumbledore promised to protect them (to protect Lily) but when Albus had failed and the dark lord killed her… he’d abandoned both of them in his heart of hearts.

Severus had very little left to be truly loyal to. The most he enjoyed another person was Draco, who was oblivious to his dark past and continued internal struggles and looked up to his godfather for his potion making skills alone. Potions had always been his fail safe—he’d been the youngest potions master in history and his genius at this art was one of the only things he had left, so the fact his godson looked at him and didn’t see a weak death eater, a Dumbledore pawn, a terrible teacher… but simply a good potions master… that was enough.

But first and foremost Snape was a spy, between two of the most powerful chess masters and Legilimens in the world. He had had his fair share of unpleasant topics discussed at length and so for Lucius to say that was either an insult to his credit as a spy, or he truly meant it. Which meant…

"Harry Potter." Lucius finally gave.

Instantly Snape felt his shoulder hunch and a scowl sear across his expression.

"And what of the welp." He snapped bluntly. Lucius hated his unrefined temper, but Severus would not—could not— be calm when thinking of that blasted offspring of James bloody Potter.

Lucius seemed to expect this reaction and didn’t even blink, simply taking a delicate sip of his drink and slowly rolling it around is glass thoughtfully for a long couple seconds.

"The Malfoys have decided to go Grey, Severus."

Snape froze.

“…what?"

"Draco met a young Harry Potter in Diagon Alley while we were school shopping… and was immediately smitten. And unfortunately, it reminded me of a young friend I once had, far too much."

Oh hell no.

"You use me as an example for your son?" He spat, ire rolling off his frame and a cluster of feelings making it hard to think straight clogging up his chest. Draco—Lily—Potter—!?

"You're his godfather." Lucius pointed out calmly. He sighed once more, audibly. "I will be blunt in saying yes, I intend for Draco to learn from your mistakes, Severus. As he is now, and pursuing Darker paths, he'll never win the love of this boy. I refuse to see my son suffer this way, so Narcissa and I are taking steps to move towards the Grey. You of all people should know there is nothing I will not do for my son, and his happiness."

Severus felt his fists clench in his lap, his drink forgotten by the side table. Oh yes, he knew—he was made Draco’s godfather purely because he had both Voldemort and Dumbledore's ear. Lucius knew he was in a position of power and wanted to ensure he'd use that for Draco's benefit, in the end. Severus and Narcissa were closer friends than the two men were due to a love of potions in school, but after years of knowing each other, he and Lucius were established “friends” both because it benefited them in the public eye and also because it was hard to spend years working alongside someone for your own gains and not be intimately aware of how they worked—the fact they got out of each other’s way on the most part was essentially a ringing endorsement for their friendship.

Making Severus his son's godfather was a tactical move worthy of Slytherin, nothing more—Severus had always been aware of this, and of what Draco meant to his father.

"But Potter?" He spat scathingly. He was consciously aware there was nothing Lucius wouldn’t do for his son but this was insane, even for him.

"I admit I did not recognize him at first, he simply introduced himself as Harry. He could be Evans' clone, really."

Severus jaw ground together, fists clenching so hard he felt cuts open up in his palm.

"Severus."

After a long silence, where Snape could not…

He grabbed his drink and took a long draw from it, setting it back down with a click against the polished wood.

"What would you have me do."

"Your position at Hogwarts means you must play the part and 'hate' the child. I don't need to be a spy to know you're going to protect him while simultaneously treating him like the Gryffindor that James Potter always deserved to be treated. I am saying do not do that."

"And why would I listen to you."

"You could spin it easily for both the Dark and Light Lords—you wanted to give Draco a chance at 'coercing' Potter over to our side. Meanwhile, that old coot of a Headmaster would gladly buy that you're simply looking after Lily's son."

"A good cover but you still have not given me incentive to actually do any of it."

"If you cannot be civil then simply ignore his presence entirely, is all I'm asking." Lucius’ tone was reasonable and calm—there was little wonder how he charmed his way into high ranking positions, he was worse than a politician and his grey eyes were sharp like a snake. "And you will do it because you too love my son, and you will be dooming him to either hate you for ruining his chances, or suffer through your own failure. Are you truly so petty? If you are then we've no more reason to speak, as I cannot abide those who would purposefully injure my son so." His voice had ice sliding down it, only just so slightly threatening to be cold if Severus did not answer correctly right now.

He wants me to ignore that—that brat!? Potter was the bane of my existence, his spawn will be no different! Like I’d let him strut around Hogwarts as his father did and wreck havoc on my students… never again!

He was all set to tell Lucius to go to straight to hell via the floo… when he remembered Draco, who was probably sitting upstairs oblivious to what was happening down here. Young, too-naïve Draco who had such promise to be a remarkable Slytherin one day, who was so eager and ecstatic to be going to Hogwarts in just a couple weeks… just like Severus remembered his own fresh start coming and arriving with a whirl of youthful exuberance and hope.

Hope was not something he’d had since he was a child. Not since before Lily had been sorted into Gryffindor.

He shouldn’t have gotten attached, he shouldn’t have empathized with that small blond boy who came up to him asking questions about potions, it seemed like only yesterday but it’d been four years already. He didn’t know how Draco had gone from being his godson only in name for appearances sake to a child he legitimately wanted to protect—he didn’t know how Lucius was to blame but the man was good so Severus was going to blame him anyway on the belief it was his fault somehow.

Either way it was too late, and before he could get his mouth to say ‘fuck off Lucius’, he found himself wondering how Draco would react when his excitement for the coming school year and his… attachment, to brat-who-lived was crushed into dust. He shouldn’t be concerned with the feelings of an eleven-year-old, but here he was. Considering it.

Shit.

Against all his better judgement and common sense, he found himself relating to Draco’s position. His excitement to start Hogwarts, to see Lily… to have it come crashing down on him when she went to Gryffindor instead. That weak, desperate hope that they could still be friends even in different houses, that year of sneaking around and hiding behind bookshelves so no one would see them—particularly Potter and his obnoxious friends who always butted in to ridicule Severus and hound Lily like the pigs they were. And then he remembered the day second year when she canceled on him for the first time to study with her Gryffindor friends. The sinking feeling when she canceled more and more, and the sick feeling in his stomach when he canceled on her in angry retribution at being left behind. The itching of his skin at the feeling of suspicious eyes on him when he began to study with other Slytherins—and of course the crowd he picked in desperate attempt to look like he belonged here even when Lily was ignoring him was the ones who looked down on half-bloods with no family name or wealth and were willing to welcome him into their circle because they needed more recruits for what they were planning.

And then it got worse… and worse… and worse. And then it spiraled out of control and ended with Lily dead on a nursery floor, the first time he’d seen her in three years and all his apologies and his begging for forgiveness were wasted on a corpse who never heard him.

But Draco wasn’t at the end, he was at the beginning of it all. He was still excited, hopeful… in love.

He was only eleven, he had no idea what he truly felt of course, but neither had Severus… and then it was too late. It was shocking how fast the time went, how Draco went from that tiny curious child to a first year at Hogwarts in what felt like no time at all, how many years had passed without Lily in this world and he hadn’t even realized how long he’d been dwelling in old wounds and unhealing scars. It felt like a rush of memories all at once—having Lily to losing Lily had taken years, pretty much his entire time at Hogwarts as a student, and yet looking back it felt like he woke up one day and shew as just gone.

His entire memory of being at Hogwarts—what should’ve been the happiest years of his life like it was for so many others—was washed in James Potter’s taunting, derisive voice, and Lily’s wide, sad green eyes.

He hated, hated… more than he could ever hate something, more than his body was physically capable of holding, he hated the fact that those two people who haunted his entire childhood like a vicious demon and the cruelest angel had had a child together. That child was essentially the embodiment of everything he could not move past—how he could not forgive James Potter and how he could not let go of his failure with Lily.

He hated, and he raged.

He grieved.

And the most painful part of this whole situation was that he still hoped—he hoped that Draco would not be like Lucius, not like him… he hoped his godson who he so empathized with, would end up more like someone who came out of all those dark nights scot free. Like how happy Lily had been when she’d left Severus in the dust, and had a husband she loved and a child she adored—right before it all went away. Some people actually got happy endings, he observed, and he hoped Draco would be one of them.

If he hoped because he empathized and it was a reflection of the wish he still held for himself, or because he truly wished his godson happiness, he didn’t know. But he had hoped… that Draco wouldn’t be the cold-hearted bastard his father was, or a pawn to either dark lord or Dumbledore. Draco was a lot of things, but he’d never been cruel… and Severus had known since the boy asked how to brew a pain reducer for his mother who’d come down with the flu at nine years old that he’d never be truly cut out for work in the Dark.

He would be successful, just like his father and just like Severus himself. But while Lucius didn’t mind doing what needed to be done in order to make it far in life, Severus had had to learn to squash down who he’d once been and learn to be cruel. They were both successful, but only one of them was actually happy.

Severus knew Draco would be successful… but happy?

Happy like so few got when they were in a position like theirs. Really it seemed the only truly happy people were the ones who fled society altogether—like Andromeda marrying a muggleborn. Narcissa had complained about her sister at length, but of all the people he knew, Severus always first thought of Andromeda and her worthless husband she loved so much when considering happy people.

It seemed to him, in the end… that the only truly happy people were the ones who didn’t let the world control them.

As a spy whose leash was held by not one, but two sides of an ongoing war no one realized they were still fighting, Severus felt his entire soul despair.

This world… this world was cruel. And he never had a chance, he decided.

If there’s no hope for me, then fuck it. You win, Lucius.

He downed his drink in one go and stood, launching the glass in his hand at full force, where it shattered against the mantlepiece into a thousands shards. It was probably part of some priceless set worth hundreds of galleons, and that made it all the more vindictive and satisfying.

Lucius didn’t even blink although he did flick his hand and a basic wandless shield flickered up to deflect the shards from getting in his hair.

Severus seethed, but seethed as man who knew he’d been beaten. As if he were anything else than a beaten man.

"I do not promise not to treat him like the little arrogant celebrity he is." He snapped, striding to the fireplace and grabbing a pinch of floo powder—vanishing in a whirl of green before Lucius could say any more of his stupid, slippery words.

One glass of scotch was not enough for a night like tonight.

In the parlor Severus had left behind, Lucius leaned back in his chair and sipped his own drink far more slowly, enjoying the 500-year scotch for all it was worth because this was one of the priciest drinks in his reservoir. Not just because of the year but because a side effect of old alcohol stored in cherrywood barrels—so rumor would have it, old liquor in barrels of softwood would invoke a strong sense of nostalgia in whoever drank it. It wasn’t a poison or a spell, as it was the inherit magical nature of the liquor-making practice, so it’d never show up on a quick scan to check that your food or drink wasn’t tampered with.

Lucius drank it himself to subtly ensure Severus it wasn’t poisoned, and now he sat here reminiscing over the young Slytherin he’d seen chasing after Gryffindor girl like he wasn’t the most obvious child in Slytherin house at one point. He’d gotten better of course, but Lucius knew a memory or two combined with his attachment to Draco and Severus’ resolve to hate James Potter’s son would begin to crack.

All he had to do was meet the child now and Lucius was sure any delusions his younger friend would have about Harry being James’ clone would dissolve in a puff of smoke. Perhaps Lucius’ waring, the scotch, and the bright scarlet hair would be just enough to stop Severus from single handedly breaking Draco and his new friend apart.

Perhaps he’d even grow to accept the Potter child, though it would take time. The sooner it happened though, the sooner the next part of the plan could commence.

He was annoyed the dragon in his garden had uprooted everything, but a new garden had been planned around the now sleeping beast and Lucius was satisfied to see everything start to come together.





Chapter 8: Book 1 : Pride : 8


Chapter Notes

Looks like he could kill you but is actually a cinnamon roll = Draco Malfoy.

Looks like a cinnamon roll but could actually kill you = Harry Potter.

This is my new mindset moving forward, I hope you all enjoy it. This story just sort of writes itself so I wasn't PLANNING on pastel Harry but I'm game to see how it goes.





“Why do I have more than one account?”

The goblin in front of him was only marginally more cordial than the others, and Harry figured that’s because he was being paid quite a bit to be his accountant. Draco had said goblins were greedy and while he took what the future-Slytherin said about others with a grain of salt, the fact they had caverns of vaults filled with gold and wizards trusted them with essentially their whole economy told Harry they wouldn’t be in this profession if they didn’t like profit. Then again that wasn’t a strictly goblin thing, liking profit, however given the vicious snarl/smile Axeclaw gave him at that questions suggested goblins took a bit more pleasure out of it than most.

Getting to Diagon Alley took no time at all, as Draco had told him about the Knight Bus (with an extreme emphasis on how no decent wizard would ever be caught riding it, which Harry interpreted to mean poor or desperate people would ride it the second he stepped on and caught sight of the clientele on board) and also informed him that Gringotts never closed at any hour of the day, or day of the year. Which was awesome because here he was, at precisely 5:15 in the morning in a private room at Gringotts with a goblin who claimed to be his account manager, and the Potter family financial advisor and accountant. He had a lot to do and only one day to do it, and the bank was his first stop since he needed money for most (all) of it.

He also thought this might take some time to get through all his questions, hence the early hour long before any of the other shops he needed to visit today opened. He told the Dursleys he wouldn’t be around, and that meant they wouldn’t be looking for him at all since they knew damn well where he was and would refuse to comment on the fact he wasn’t there to cook them breakfast as it’s open up the chance for him to potentially mention where he’d been. They’d probably just go out to eat like that was the plan all along since it was a Saturday.

The goblin cleared his throat politely as he shifted the paper in front of him on the desk.

“Upon your defeat of the dark lord, the war officially came to a close. Many were killed during that time, including young aurors or those willing to fight, which were often the heirs of prominent or less-prominent families. With their deaths, those family lines ended and their vaults closed until further notice; the thought that perhaps a distant relative one day might have a similar enough magical signature for our wards to register them as an acceptable inheritor. This is standard procedure unless the previous owner of the vault has taken steps to will their vaults to someone of non-blood relation before their death; it is a lengthy, slightly painful process few bother with unless the family line is important enough that to let it die out would be unthinkable. Or, an individual with no heir is desperate for a way to show their gratitude.”

“Gratitude?” He blinked in alarm, a dreading feeling sinking into his stomach as he realized where this was going.

“Indeed. Wizarding law is something of a hybrid of old and new—one of the old laws that’s stuck around since medieval time is the concept of revenge. For example, there used to be seven Ancient and Noble houses in the wizarding world, however the Monroe line was killed off by the Dark Lord himself. As you were the one to kill the dark lord, you inadvertently avenged the Monroe line and therefore the Potter line is now also Ancient and Noble.”

“Oh no.” This sounded like it was going to get even worse, and by the fact he could see every single one of Axeclaw’s pointed teeth as he grinned/snarled, he knew he had no chance.

“Similarly, families whose heirs were killed off by the war felt they owed you both in thanks for your service and also for your part in the revenge taken for their lost children or relatives. They didn’t legally have to do so as the transferring of the Ancient and Noble title is legally done, however it is in wizarding culture to do such a thing even if the process is lengthy and slightly painful.”

I do wonder what a goblin considers ‘slightly painful’ and with a name like Axeclaw I’m not sure I want to know.

“Not all lines who were willed to you were because of killed children though; many just thought it right to will you their inheritance if they had no heirs to begin with—though those individuals were mostly without a family line and thus much wealth to pass on, but still had their life savings to do something with post-mortem. Many more still willed you at least a portion of their estate when they passed even if they did have relatives to inherit most of their property and wealth. That required no lengthy process at all, but is simply an edit to their standing wills, so that was actually much more common. To this day you are still receiving portions of money or valuables from the elderly dying of old age instead of war and I suspect you’ll continue to receive for many years yet.”

Harry could only stare at the goblin, trying to wrap his head around this.

People were that thankful he’d been a fluke of nature and accidentally killed someone? He didn’t even remember the event in question at all, he was one. It made him feel hot and itchy and generally uncomfortable to be the center of all this… gratitude when he hadn’t done a damn thing. Considering what he knew of himself he didn’t think he was a very honest or good-willed person, much less someone who deserved this amount of fervent praise or recognition. It was like electing a crocodile to be mayor of a town of cranes or something.

And he felt genuinely bad because a bunch of people had already died thinking their last wish of having their bloodline’s wealth would be carried on by some great hero, and people were still doing this crock, and eventually they’d probably meet him and realize they’d been horribly, horribly wrong. He wasn’t a bad person but he was by no means a saint and had no problem wandering in the grey area of life (stealing from the Dursleys at will, manipulating Hagrid like he was a freakin’ puppet, plotting to get vengeance on an old Headmaster he’d never even met and who could be a genuinely good, if not stupid, guy—just to name a few of his less-than-savory tendencies). That didn’t stop him from feeling genuinely bad that a lot of people were going to get their high hopes and earnest respect in him crushed like a soda can—that he never got the chance to warn off who-knows how many people before this point from willing him their family wealth to the wrong person, to a bed-time story of who he was supposed to be at best.

People had given away real, honest money because of a lie, and now he just felt like a scam artist even if he hadn’t done it on purpose or really even been aware of it until this moment. Morally grey person or not, he wasn’t the type to lie, cheat, or purposefully trick people for money.

To keep himself alive? Without a second thought.

For fun? Depends on the situation, but was not off the table.

For profit? Nope.

He’d come this far with only a couple pounds here and there and one of his core lessons was that lowering your expectations meant it’d be easier to achieve them. He most certainly didn’t even need the trust vaults he’d been showed earlier, much less whatever ungodly amount was in his family’s vault or what all these other people were tossing at him. He wasn’t going to say no of course (he wasn’t that nice, he couldn’t exactly give it BACK if they were dead now, and was certain tossing money at people he perceived to be in need of it on the street was kind of an asshole thing to do) so he’d sit on it until he could think of a use. For the time being his trust vault alone, even not being topped off every year, would last him several lifetimes so there was no rush.

The goblin was patient as he worked this out, or at least Harry assumed he was being patient as he’d had the annoyed scowl on since this meeting had started.

“So… how many vaults are we talking about here?”

Now Axeclaw was more definitely grinning, as he lifted a mess of papers and lay them on the desk in front of him, and it was arguably scarier than his scowl.

“It is all listed out here in specifics, however in summary: in the range of 0 knuts up to 100 galleons there have been twenty-six donations. In the range of 100 galleons to 1000 galleons there have been twelve donations. In the range of 1000 galleons to 5000 galleons there have been six donations. In the range of-”

“Maybe I should read that in my own time… I think I’d like to know more about each individual than hearing an average.” He interrupted, realizing that was probably very rude when he got a glacial glare in response, but Axeclaw collected himself quickly.

“Very well. The sum of the donations and inheritances is 197,066 galleons, and although it is no more than an educated guess without a true appraiser for each item, the sum of the heirlooms and other properties left to you should they be liquidated is 800,000 galleons. Additionally, there have been a wide variety of books, toys, and merchandise published and sold, all themed around you and the story of your defeat of the dark lord, and legally a certain percentage of each sale is to be given to the person whose name is being used. While it’s questionable since you were not able to give your permission for these things, the percentage argued on your behalf was quite generous at 17%. Total profit from those royalties so far is 600,000 galleons and change—it increases continuously even ten years later.”

Harry knew he’d bought everything he needed for school (and with every shiny bell and whistle he wanted in passing fancy) plus at least a trunk full of extra interesting things, for around 90 galleons if he was remembering that correctly. He wasn’t great at math but even he knew these numbers were ridiculous. Half of what he’d just bought he’d never need to replace since, you know, magic. This was all jut incredibly excessive in his mind.

Also, books? Toys?

What the actual hell.

But Axeclaw didn’t seem interested in his expressions but simply pushed forward. “As the Potter line avenged the now-deceased Monroe line and they were an Ancient and Noble house, there is a stipulation in that ancient magic that allows you to inherit that bloodline as well, although the criteria to accept that bloodline requires some looking into. A minimum of 7 years after the act of vengeance has already been met, however there are a couple blood rituals to perform and you will need to either take on the name yourself or perform an oath that one of your children, should you have them, will carry the Monroe name.”

“Uh… like, Potter-Monroe? Or just naming one of my children, like, Susie Monroe instead of Potter?”

“Precisely.” The goblin nodded, putting is papers down and giving him an expectant look.

“Uh… well sure, I don’t care. Potter-Monroe it is.”

I wonder if ‘blood rituals’ are ‘slightly painful’ in the goblin sense, and if he’d tell me beforehand if they were. Probably not, he seems like he’d enjoy that.

He wondered if he should cling more to the concept of his family name, since he clung so hard to just the memories of his mother and father… but couldn’t find it within himself to care. He’d thought his name was ‘Freak Dursley’ for the longest time until he reached primary school so knowing his name was ‘Harry Potter’ had been a relief at best. He didn’t know his parents were anything other than drunks until just recently either, so he’d never really clung to or looked up to the name ‘Potter’ in the first place. It was a very common name in any case, and Potter-Monroe had no more meaning to him than Potter did, and somehow it seemed like the decent thing to do. The Monroe line being wiped out because of one man seemed a bit sad, and just because he didn’t care didn’t mean that it wouldn’t be meaningful to someone in that dead family whose ghost might be happy their name got to live on alongside the name Potter.

It meant nothing to him either way so it was an easy decision. It might even be fun to correct people who seemed to know exactly who Harry Potter was that ‘Ahem, actually it’s Harry Potter-Monroe,’’. It’d be an easy way to curb the enthusiasm of his more clingy admirers, even if only slightly.

“I will retrieve the paperwork in a moment then.” Axeclaw seemed pleased with his answer and turned back to his papers, getting on with business. “The Monroe line is worth 403,607 galleons although you’ll find as they were once an Ancient and Noble house perhaps their antique books and properties would be worth far more in their wealth of knowledge than liquidating them. Additionally, you are primed to inherit a section of the Ancient and Noble House of Black, although that could take several years.”

“Primed? Meaning they’re not dead yet.” He immediately noted, hope rising unwillingly. If he had a relative, alive…

“The Ancient and Noble House of Black is one of the wealthiest in wizarding Britain and so the descendant of each branch of the family always inherits a pretty sum. The main line’s latest descendant is one Sirius Black, and the only two other living lines that survived the last war are ended with one Bellatrix Black, nee Lestrange, and Narcissa Black, nee Malfoy, who has a son under the majority age while neither of the other two have children. Sirius Black was disowned from the family when he was still in Hogwarts which makes Bellatrix Lestrange the heir to the Black family fortune, however Mr. Black still receives the standard inheritance from a Black family side-branch. Sirius Black and Bellatrix Lestrange are both in the wizarding prison of Azkaban for life due to crimes committed in the last war and therefore their accounts have been frozen. However, Sirius Black is listed as you godfather and therefore legally when he passes his inheritance will come to you. Azkaban is not a pleasant place so I would not expect that to take several decades.”

Harry stared.

He… had a godfather? That… what?

Okay, not the time to freak out… apparently this Sirius Black is a relative of Draco’s mom? Somehow? From what Draco said most purebloods are related distantly so… I’ll ask him later what he knows of Sirius Black. Shelving this thought for now before my brain explodes.

“What… were his war crimes?” He couldn’t stop himself from asking.

“Officially nothing, as he was not given a trial. Unofficially it was believed he was the one to betray James and Lily Potter to the Dark Lord that night.”

“You’re… very well informed.”

“I am the Potter account manager, it is my duty to know what is financially best for my client. Yours is one of the most profitable for Gringotts and now that there is someone to have gold flowing once more, I intend to assist in any way I can.” The goblin intoned briskly, entirely unbothered.

Money makes money. Money sitting in a bank doesn’t do anyone any good since the bank can’t charge you fees for moving it around. Figures.

“Okay so… I can take copies of these? I’ll look over them myself when I have a minute, but you seem to have a handle on things for now.” The goblin nodded sharply once in agreement. Harry made a note to quiz Draco on finances—his father was a part time Barrister when needed and given his wealth clearly knew how to handle money so one could only assume Draco had picked up a thing or two and might be willing to share.

“For today, you only have access to your Potter trust vault and the donations—both money and heirlooms. If you’re willing to inherit the Monroe line then you will be provided access to that vaults immediately since they did not have school-age children to need to set up restrictive wards for when they were wiped out, however withdrawals are limited until you reach the age of majority. As I said the heirlooms in that vault are likely worth more in their content than their monetary value and you will have free reign to take them as you wish.” He handed over another small ream of paper and Harry felt a headache coming on at all the numbers, percentages, and words on the pages.

“This is a list of investments, properties, and other non-liquidated assets you have, all of which you have access to and are free to do with what you wish. I have been in charge of managing them this past ten years with the last directive to ‘maintain’ profit.”

Harry picked up on the emphasis of maintain, and after scanning it (he had no clue what any of it meant, he knew nothing of finances or investments) he looked up and nodded to the goblin.

“Can you do more than maintain? Like see if we can’t grow it?”

That seemed to be all the goblin was waiting for, and by the glint in his eye Harry made a note to look through these papers carefully sometime soon and figure out exactly how big of a cut Gringotts got for these services. It was probably worth it… but he should really double check, because he didn’t think he wanted to know what a goblin looked like when being told Christmas (or their equivalent holiday, whatever it was) had come early and now it was too late.

“Of course, Mr. Potter.” Axeclaw agreed with a silkiness to his tone that Harry didn’t want to ask about.

“I think these will answer most of my questions for now, once I have time to go through them. May I write back with any further questions if I have them?”

“Indeed—I am your account manager so I will be open to correspondence.” He nodded.

Which brought up another troubling thing. “Speaking of correspondence, I ask Griphook last time I was here about my bank statements. I know it’s not Gringotts doing, as someone else has been keeping a lot of things from me, and that includes my bank statements for the past ten years. Is there any word about what happened to them?”

Axeclaw lost his grin/snarl and now was simply snarling unpleasantly.

“Griphook informed me of this and I took a look into it. There seems to be a mail ward around your main place of residence though it is undetermined where it’s redirecting mail to and who put it into place. We’ve confirmed the statements have not been destroyed, and in fact are unopened as of yet. It’s likely they’re mixed in with the rest of the mail, wherever it’s being kept after being redirected from you. By my approximations when looking at the ward, it redirects about 50 letters a week from you, and if you were not aware of the magical world until recently there’s a good chance most of them are from admirers of your defeat of the dark lord.”

“Isn’t it a crime to interfere with someone else’s mail?”

“In the muggle world, yes. Not in the wizarding—in fact many letters are scanned by the Ministry for security. A measure put in place during a time of crisis in the last war, and it was never revoked.”

Well that’s absolutely horrible. Making a note to never send anything critical by letter because to hell with that.

“How did you figure out the ward was there? Is there any way to remove it or alter it so I know where the letters are being sent now?”

“For a fee Gringotts can do this, yes. We are experts in warding; goblin wards far exceed the quality of a ward any wizard can produce, and whoever created this initial ward was definitely a human. It can be easily dismantled and a new one put in place per your specifications as you request it.”

Harry’s mind lit up and started racing with the possibilities. If the goblins were the best and they only wanted to be paid, well then… his had several vaults he wasn’t using and this could be very useful.

“I definitely would like to do that, if what’s in the trust vault will cover the fee.” He agreed politely, not letting one how eager he was for this, and Axeclaw didn’t seem to care as he was getting business either way.

“Of course—for something this simple the fee is six galleons.”

That’s it!? I’m seriously not quite sure about the value of a galleon here because that’s insane.

“So, if I wanted a ward on a place with say…as single charm or something, how much would that be?”

“It depends on the size of the location and the strength of the charm in question.”

“Let’s say a building no bigger than this room, and a muggle-repelling charm.”

The goblin raised one eyebrow and it was kind of amusing how normal that motion was given that his smiling and grimacing was essentially the same look.

“A full ward would be excessive, I think. There are ward stones that can be imbued with a small-area ward of one single intent. For a muggle repelling charm it would be absolutely nothing to create, as that’s one of the easiest wards to create and no one bothers to take them down—muggles don’t have magic to try even if they knew it was there. At most it’d be four galleons.”

“I would like one of those as well.”

“Very good, Mr. Potter, I’ll see about fixing those things sometime today. Where would you like your mail directed?”

“Is it possible to send it all to my trust vault? Aside from Gringotts and Hogwarts letters. Ah—” He cut himself off, realizing this was an opportunity, corrected himself. “Aside from Gringotts and everyone at Hogwarts except Headmaster Dumbledore. Letters from him can be sent to the vault too.”

Axeclaw gave him an unreadable look but wrote it down anyway.

“Can I add people to the ward as I see fit? Like when I get to Hogwarts and make friends hopefully.”

“Of course, simply write to me with the name of the person who is to be added into the ward. Cost of an alteration to the ward is two sickles.”

“Okay, then uh… Draco Malfoy should be allowed in too.”

“Very good Mr. Potter.” He finished making his notes and looked back up at the young wizard in front of him. “Gringotts will continue to pursue your missing statements and will likely find the store of the rest of your mail at that time. I will be in contact for when that happens.”

“Thank you, Mr. Axeclaw.” He smiled as innocently as he could, but the goblin very much did not seem to care. He was probably planning all the ways he could invest the Potter share portfolio now that he had the all clear to do so.

“I should have everything complete and a ward stone ready for you by 1pm today. If you come back at the time I can also arrange for the blood ritual you’ll need to inherit the Monroe line. It should not take more than half an hour.”

Well that’s appropriately ominous coming from a goblin in charge of my money.

“Sure, I’ll be here.” He was very tempted to ask if it’d hurt but figured he wouldn’t get an honest answer anyway—and he’d be heavily judged for being a wimp. Well, too late now.

“I know you requested to visit your vaults after this meeting; I will have Griphook escort you down. This is the key to the vault that has been storing your donations, and this is the Monroe vault.” He withdrew two new golden keys from the drawer to his side, and Harry perked up in alarm. They too were golden, with slightly different patterns and made a point to memorize as soon as they settled in his hand.

“Should I have this key when I’ve not inherited the Monroe line yet?”

Axeclaw gave him a very eerily snarling smile. “You’ve given your word to accept their bloodline, therefore the right is yours. It would be… severely unpleasant, to rescind your word now, so in the eyes of our wards you are, shall we say, close enough.”

Harry just nodded curtly once and stood up without another word.

Guess I’m going through with it whether I like it or not now. Not sure I want to know what’s bad enough for a goblin to call ‘severely unpleasant’. Maybe it’s just death.

000

He stopped at his ‘donated inheritance’ vault first, and was honestly blown away. Yes there was a boat load of galleons in those oddly perfect pyramid-like piles the goblins seemed to like to arrange gold in, but in pure volume it only held about 5% of the entire space of the vault. When Axeclaw said people willed him everything with their deaths, he’d really meant everything. There was furniture, paintings, books, jewelry, fancy vases, clothes, trunks, clothes, crates, and more. He was totally baffled, and he could spend the next hour in here without much luck.

He wandered deep into the vault in awe, his head on a swivel as he tried to take this all in.

“What the quaffle am I supposed to do with all of this?” He asked of no one.

“Did you just use a quidditch term as an expletive?” A voice to his left asked in amused incredulity and he jumped a bit, whipping around… and a painting of a portly woman with dark curls on her head was looking at him from the frame of what looked to be an oil painting.

“Uh…” Was a picture talking to him? “You… can talk?”

“Of course I can.” She lifted one brow at him, obviously thinking little of his intellect.

“Sorry… I’m still new to this whole magic thing. Can… all pictures talk, in the wizarding world?”

“Just about, I’d think.” She mused, tapping her chin. “Although portraits are a little special. We’re imbued with a bit of the person we’re of—for example my name’s Cassandra Longbottom. My portrait was passed down until my great-great-great- grand-niece Oliva Merriweather had me hung in her dining room. I think she must’ve died in the war she was fighting last I remember it.”

“Oh. Sorry for your loss,” He frowned. “My name’s Harry… I accidentally killed the dark lord when I was one so a bunch of people willed me all their belongings and I suppose your great grand niece was one of them.”

“Accidentally killed a dark lord when you were one? Now that’s a story I bet!”

“Eh, not really. As I said I was one, so I remember nothing of it.” He glanced around the room nervously, spotting many portraits here and there. “Will… you, and all these portraits be alright if I don’t do anything with you today? I mean, you’ve been here ten years…”

“Don’t worry dear, time works differently when you’re a portrait—hasn’t felt like any time at all since I was last talking with Olivia really.”

“Oh… well that’s good.” He’d feel a little bad to walk away and dooming her to dead boredom for who knows how long when she’d already been sitting here for ten years without much to do. “Uh… I’m going to have a look around. Nice to talk to you.”

“You too dear!” She waved him off, unbothered as he walked away.

Okay, it just keeps getting weirder.

The furniture was all… well, outdated was a kind term. He stopped briefly at the pile of clothes too and took about thirty seconds to realize it was all of a similar style—meaning retro at best—and smelled heavily of other people and moth balls. No thank you.

The area where there were seven bookshelves filled with books was more interesting… he spent longer here, actually scanning each title and picking out a couple things here and there that might be useful as he went into Hogwarts this year. A couple books on household charms, a new one on potions he hadn’t seen before, one or two on history and herbology… the rest he wasn’t sure about and was fairly certain a title like ‘An Advanced Guide to Arithmancy’ would be helpful for future-him, since he wasn’t going to even get the option to take Arithmancy until third year, according to Draco. He slipped his finds into his bag and left the vault, where Griphook stood looking no more annoyed than Harry had left him, so this was probably not an uncommon practice to spend some time in one’s vault.

“Would it be possible to sell of the furniture and clothes in there? I wouldn’t even know how to start doing something like that and would think Gringotts would be experienced in liquidating people’s assets.”

The goblin snarled. “We have those services, yes. I will put in a request on your behalf and the quote for such a task will be mailed to you.”

“Great, thank you.”

Well that was one problem taken care of.

The next vault he stopped in was the Monroe vault—and to say he was stunned was an understatement. If his donation vault was chaotic and cluttered, this one was… well, still cluttered but it had a regal feel to it.

As he walked back, there was row after row of neatly organized bookshelves full of trinkets and books and more that he couldn’t possibly begin to guess at. Ancient and Noble indeed; this place looked to be as filled with history as a museum, but five times as packed. The piles and piles of gold near the front weren’t half as interesting as walking into its depths, and after ten minutes of going Harry realized he was going to have to come back one day to take a real look in here, because he couldn’t even see the back wall yet, and he had things to do today.

It was all just so much… so many things and he was so curious but… he’d have to come back later.

It also filled him with a sense of excitement and heart-aching longing to wonder what was in the Potter main vault. Was there a level of history, of belonging in there too? Would his parents and grandparents and ancestors back as long as his line have filled their vault with books and valuables from their lifetimes that he could explore, and use to get to know them?

Unfortunately he’d have to wait until he was older to see into that vault, but at least he got a chance to see who this Monroe family he was inheriting a name from was. On his way back to the front he trailed through this shelf-way and that… opening trunks that were filled with journals and clothes and even more trinkets he couldn’t identify. There was just so much he wasn’t sure what would be useful or not but… it all seemed interesting.

It was one particular shelf he passed that a small bauble caught his eyes. It was a slightly dusty wicker basket with something flickering bright neon pink and a sky-colored blue, and when he pulled it down to see into it, he saw it was filled with bracelets and chains of every color. He glanced up and the shelf marker read ‘Estate of Dell Monroe: 1617-1671’.

His eyes traced the shelves… this Dell Monroe seemed like a colorful woman, with mismatched tea cups and a crazy amount of colorful, oddly shaped goblets lined on the shelves. His favorite was a little stone basin no bigger than a soup bowl on tiny little pebbled feet with a shimmery opal lining inside. The bottom shelf was lined with books that seemed to be mostly about transfiguration, and the shelf above that had a full line of journals. On a whim he plucked one up and opened to the first page.

‘That blast darn it, figgleworm-headed, over-priced piece of blubbering blaxwottle piss has done it for the last time! If he doesn’t return my tempest watch by tomorrow morning I’m going to transfigure his pillow into Bubotuber pus bubbles—I don’t know how I’ll do it but mark my words I will!’

He let out a startled bark of laughter at that, instantly amused by her wild handwriting and crazy wit, deciding he very much liked this woman. Since he could, he swiped the stone bowl, the basket of shiny things, all the journals and books below it and tossed them into his bottomless bag. Figuring he’d spent too much time here already and having at least a souvenir for his trouble, he went quickly back to the front where Griphook was waiting, a smile on his face thanks to Ms. Dell’s creative humor.

000

Even with how much time he spent at Gringotts, sitting with Axeclaw and visiting three vaults with an extended stay in two, when he left he was still walking down Diagon Alley pretty much alone since he still had half an hour until the earliest shops opened, and an hour until a lot of the main ones he wanted to frequent opened. Given that there wasn’t a soul in sight, he took to getting the lay of the land without a huge crowd of people in the way, walking down the Alley and seeing the shops once more. He ended up by Knockturn Alley and remembered Hagrid’s warning not to go down there.

And well, Hagrid wasn’t exactly here and this place was a ghost town so early in the morning, so Harry strolled right on in.

The temptation of going where he wasn’t supposed to go was left pretty much unsatisfied when the side street was just as boring as the closed down Diagon Alley—shops with their doors locked up and their windows professing much of what was sold on the main street except in danker, dirty venues. Was this considered the black market? Because if so it was clearly labeled with a sign on the main entrance marking it “Knockturn Alley” and these shops seemed very legitimate. These shops probably sold under the table too, although Harry didn’t know enough to know what it could be. But it was good to know this was here, because it seemed useful.

What did surprise him was that at the end of the Alley, there was another little side alley one could stroll down with a bright open street on the other side. A curious investigation later, and Harry found himself on another street… which looked a lot like Diagon Alley except there were different shops. Baffled, he glanced around until he saw the green sign a couple meters down which read: “Contrair Alley”.

Hagrid had never mentioned this place at all, and he felt obligated to investigate. It actually seemed as there were a lot of apartment-like buildings, but tons of cafes and shops that had a far more modern air than Diagon. There was an apothecary, two bookstores, a hair-dresser, like six clothes shops—and woah, back up a minute, a freaking library!?

THAT is helpful, and he was slightly put out Hagrid hadn’t mentioned this place. Well, maybe Hagrid didn’t care about libraries, and to be fair that last alley connecting Knockturn and here was pretty small, so maybe he just didn’t fit through the entrance to this place.

Either way his original plan was derailed as he figured he could get everything he wanted done today done here instead of Diagon, including adding a few things to the list that he hadn’t previously considered. Contrair Alley had several more options than its neighbor street and he planned to make use of them.

As it was getting to be around the time things started opening, he started with a small bakery that already smelled wonderfully and was he first thing to open on Contrair. He ordered some kind of tiny pie of meat with a muffin and a cup of tea, plus a side of bacon, and happily enjoyed it at a table out front while the rest of the stores started opening and one or two people appeared around the street to start their day off with some shopping.

He hadn’t had a chance to sit down and enjoy a hot breakfast someone else had made in… well, ever. He enjoyed it quite a bit, and he took the time to read at least some of the papers Axeclaw had given him. Most of it was financial terms he didn’t get and would have to look up, so he started making of list of terms he’d need to understand before he did much with this information.

By the time he’d eaten and decided to call it quits on deciphering his finances, the first shop on his list should’ve been open, so he thanked the lady behind the counter and went on his way—down to Osmias’ Optical Solutions. Diagon hadn’t had a single doctor shop of any kind and immediately after seeing this store on his way in Harry knew he wanted one of these solutions. If they couldn’t fix his eyes since, you know, magic, then maybe they’d sell glasses not from a bargain-bin since he could not afford nicer ones that actually fixed his eyesight rather than letting him see slightly less blurry shapes while also damaging his eyesight further.

He walked in and a bell at the door alerted his entrance, and a man looked up from where he was writing something at a desk near the back. The shop consisted of plain tan walls and tiled floors, a long row of spinning black chairs on metal stands lined up on one wall and very muggle-looking eye charts on the other. It kind of gave a hair-dresser like vibe actually.

“Welcome to Osmias’, what can I do ya for today?” The man, presumably Osmias, greeted cheerfully.

“I want to see what can be done to get rid of my glasses, if possible.”

“Sure lad, come on in. No parents with you today?”

“No sir.” He deflected politely, and the man didn’t push for more details, but just nodded at that answer and set about writing something up at his desk. It was kind of suspect that a medical professional wouldn’t ask to have parent approval before an obvious child asked for a medical procedure, but given that the set up was more like a hair-dresser than some kind of doctor’s office, maybe the procedure wasn’t actually that difficult or dangerous.

He was proven right pretty quickly. “Just hop up on the chair then lad and we’ll see what we can do. Shouldn’t take too long.” Harry did just that while the man finished writing and stood, dusting his hands off on the front of his robe and pulling out his wand. Harry let the man get close, his warm brown eyes meeting his gaze but clearly examining his actual eyes rather than looking at him directly.

“Now then, just a quick diagnostic spell to see what’s the matter.” He said, lifting his wand and casting a light blue spell that laid over Harry’s skin and made his eyes feel warm.

Magic.

It was still new enough that it was exciting to watch it happen, especially when it was happening to him.

His interest vanished at the frown the man got on his face though.

“Huh, that’s weird. I’ve never seen something like this outside of the Potter family.” He mused, scratching his temple with the tip of his wand, baffled.

Harry felt his heart skip a beat.

“Uh… well, my name’s Harry Potter sir.”

The guy blinked, then the words sunk in. “Well I’ll be! Good lord boy, I didn’t—well isn’t that remarkable! My dear boy it’s an honor to meet you!” Harry watched his eyes flicker to his forehead but his make-up covered scar wasn’t visible thanks to quite a bit of practice on Harry’s part at concealing it.

“Uh… likewise.” He shifted in the chair uncomfortably as the man leaned closer, evidentially thrilled to have met him for some reason. “What was that about my eyes and the Potter family again?”

“Oh yes! It’s a hereditary thing you see; certain lines are gifted and cursed in certain ways. The Potter family, so the stories go, has a larger magical capacity than most other families but is cursed with poor eyesight. Most known fixes don’t work on Potter eyes which is why they’ve all had glasses, historically speaking.”

He said this as if it was common knowledge, but Harry was only just now learning his father, and therefore probably a lot of his ancestors, wore glasses.

“There’s an old joke that Potters don’t need to see the broad side of a barn because their blasting curses can level it well enough,” The man continued to chat merrily as if this were very entertaining, but Harry wasn’t too amused. Especially since that joke seemed offensive somehow, though he wasn’t sure how.

“So there’s nothing you can do for my eyes?”

“Now I didn’t say that, my boy! This is Osmias’ after all! We’ve got your Odd Solution right here!” he turned and started rifling through some cabinets in the back happily, pulling out long white boxes.

“’Odd Solution’?” Harry wondered aloud.

“Of course! Contrair Alley is full of those who utilize ‘Odd Solutions’—or really, muggle made or inspired solutions that are banned from Diagon Alley. Purebloods have the deeds to all of Diagon so if it ain’t traditional wizard-like they don’t let it be sold up there. So Diagon has the pure stuff, but if you need an Odd Solution or a bargain deal, Contrair’s where it’s at. You’re in luck you came here since there’s no regular magic solution for Potter eyes, but my Odd Solution is not only half the price of a normal fix but for a little inconvenience it’ll do the trick for your eyes.”

“What’s the little inconvenience?” He frowned warily.

“Well it’s not a permanent fix—see these things?” He opened the first white box, and inside were a line of a dozen or so very familiar shapes resting in shallow pools of water.

“Contacts?”

The man looked startled, then grinned. “So the rumors of you growing up in the muggle world are true then? Excellent! Then yes: I took the concept of muggle contacts and spun them to my liking. I can alter them for your vision problems and any extra features you’d like—another bonus traditional optical spells don’t afford you! One pair will last about a year so the inconvenience is that you’ll have to come back every year or so for a new pair.”

“A year?” Harry was stunned for half a second before he remembered—oh right, magic. “Wait, what other features?”

“I can toss in a slightly increased ability to see at night, sun glare protection, and heat resistance if you’d like!”

“…heat resistance?”

“Have you ever rubbed your eyes after cutting up some peppers? I did once, and I regretted it.” The man got very somber as if this was a traumatic experience for him. It probably was, if he went as far to include it into his product line.

“I’ll take them. With the extra features—once a year is totally fine if I can be free of my glasses for all that time. Do I have to take them out at night?”

“Absolutely not! That would be a little too inconvenient to actually sell, now wouldn’t it?”

Harry just smiled. The more wizards he met, the crazier they all seemed.

000

He spent a lot of the morning in the various bookstores Contrair Alley had, and found they had a ton more interesting options than Flourish and Blotts did. Two even had a ‘Hogwarts Section’ where people could buy the required books at Hogwarts that year, but everything else had a little more liberal titles than some of those. There was a whole section about information muggleborns should know upon entering the wizarding world and he got seven of them on different subjects, including ‘A Muggleborn’s Emergency Guide to Latin in 23 Basic Steps’ which he considered a personal score on many levels. He was a little miffed Flourish and Blotts didn’t have this section since that was the only bookstore Hogwarts seemed to acknowledge; one would think a school with a bunch of muggleborns would be a little more accommodating.

If he weren’t extremely rich he’d be worried about how much he was spending, but as it was each book seemed to average a galleon or two, which was really quite pathetic. He was still trying to wrap his head around the true value of a galleon and was coming up confounded every time—a galleon could buy him a book, a week’s worth of meals, upwards of a quarter ton of parchment paper, or 10 kilos of candy. And none of those things were of equal value.

Muggle logic of what cost what seemed to entirely fail in this world. For example a book at a normal Barnes & Noble could be 20-25 pounds, which would get you two, maybe three meals depending on what you ate if you were to eat out with that money instead. 10 kilos of candy could easily rake up to be in the 100 pounds area, and a quarter tone of paper was closer to 400 pounds. Those items weren’t equal in the Muggle world but could all be bought with one gold coin in this wizarding world… Harry was going to have to re-learn how to buy things because this just made no sense at all to him.

The only pattern he’d established so far was that specialty magic seemed to cost exponentially more depending on how rare it was. Like, Osmias was going to charge him four galleons to fix his eyes, but his contacts only cost one galleon, 15 sickles. The goblin warding was several galleons, and yet a self-writing quill he’d seen in one of the bookstores was five sickles. Things that floated or had common charms no one seemed to think much of seemed to be cheaper, while if a salesman talked up a certain charm or ward, it probably meant they were the only ones or one of the few people around, who were any good at that bit of magic.

Magic could perform miracles, but it seemed it was still a precious commodity if you had a certain type of magic that others didn’t. It was a good observation—being a specialist was more valuable than being a jack-of-all trades.

Once he was content that he had as many books as he could physically read in this coming school year (including one or two about the rules of quidditch, since he figured the sooner he could start engaging with Draco’s quidditch rants the less lost he’d be when talking with his friend) he moved on to some other small errands.

From what looked to be an outdoors shop he got an enchanted bedroll for his shed/room, as well as a magical no-heat camp stove and portable fridge no bigger than a shoe box that would fit a full refrigerator’s worth of food—and even had preservation charms so the food wouldn’t ever expire. He also picked up an endless water bottle (it only lasted five years, the label said, like that wasn’t insane enough already), a few blankets, and a portable toilet that just made everything disappear. Just to make his life more comfortable—he couldn’t count how many times he hated being locked in the cupboard just because he wasn’t in control of when he had access to a washroom or not, and while it hadn’t been a real issue in years… just no, never again.

He stopped by several of the food markets that were open by then to stock up on food to put in his portable fridge and cook for himself later, including a ton of ingredients he was certain were magical and had no idea what they did or tasted like and a sinful amount of candy to experiment on his preferences. In a furniture shop he bought a small, bare-bones desk and chair, a middle-sized mirror, several small storage baskets, and tiny end table—he could’ve been more extravagant, but he didn’t need more in that tiny shed/room. Low expectations and all of that.

He picked up a bunch more paper since he’d plowed through a lot of his just writing to Draco and taking notes on his texts, several journals as Draco insisted that was the best way to take notes, owl treats and supplies to spoil Hedwig, and several unique potions ingredients that were not on the Hogwarts list however Draco said the Hogwarts’ public supply that was provided was sub-par and having his own would only help him.

He was buying a lot of things because Draco told him to, he realized belatedly, but it all seemed like decent advice, so he went with it.

His last stop in the wizarding world before lunch and then back to Gringotts, was the hairdressers.

He was not expecting the dramatic gasps from two brightly blond and neon-blue-haired women the minute he walked in, nor how they were suddenly all over him and gushing about is hair, but he can’t say he was unhappy with the attention like he was whenever someone gushed about his name or what he did accidentally as a one-year-old. He had nothing to do with defeating Voldemort, but he was proud of his hair and he enjoyed their praise freely in a way he hadn’t been able to before. Attention and compliments were nice… when he felt he deserved it at least, otherwise it was painfully uncomfortable. He point blank refused to accept credit as the ‘Boy Who Lived’—but he’d bask in the warmth of them gushing over his pretty hair all the live long day and fully enjoy himself while doing it. It was very enjoyable.

It was even better because they could care less about what his name was, but demanded to know every little detail about his hair care routine—and when he said he didn’t have one they were practically in raptures detailing all the ways he could make his hair gleam and having a field day arguing with each other about the best way to go about it.

It took an hour, much longer than he’d expected it to, but by the end he was walking out with his spine straight and big smile on his face as his hair shone brightly in the midday sun, styled up for once and looking mighty nice if he did say so himself. They had gleefully sold him magic brushes that would detangle without breaking ends, a set of five potions that when used like shampoo would grow his hair out six inches overnight if he wanted to change up his style, half a full shopping bag of baubles and clips for different things they showed him he could do with his hair, and about a dozen bottles of different shampoos and conditioners to be used for different occasions as they all had different effects—one made his hair wavy, another curly, another perfectly straight, and so on. They then enjoyed themselves very much whipping out their wands and getting to work right off the bat—they lengthened his locks ten inches on the spot, trimmed the split ends, and pulled it up into a high ponytail at the back of his head, an embellished twirl of their wands and he had his long bangs and even long pieces to fall down in front of his ears and frame his face in the wild manner his hair usually had.

He’d always hesitated in actually growing his hair long enough to put up into a ponytail, and it was definitely a commitment that he needed to be fully on board with for months to even consider. Given that they did it in five minutes though, he couldn’t argue that he kind of very much liked it, despite how feminine it could’ve been seen as being. The witches didn’t blink twice at it though, just gushed happily, so Harry though maybe the wizarding world didn’t care about such things. Given their fashion sense it might be possible there was a very loose concept of what was considered feminine or masculine.

He was in very high spirits as he walked out of the hairdressers, the witches happily sobbing their praise and shouting at him to promise to take care of those ‘lovely locks’, and come back if he so much as got a split end, which he agreed to willingly.

He picked another random café in which to have lunch, not bothering with bringing down his mood with those indecipherable financial papers just yet and was thoroughly amusing himself by people watching and tucking into his meal. His mood lifted even more as he caught people looking his way, and when he’d smile they always smiled back.

Things seemed to be going right for once, and he was perfectly content.

000

An hour later he no longer felt very content but actually incredibly sore as he limped through the Leaky Cauldron’s front door into muggle London, and was really regretting eating before doing the blood ritual at Gringotts. He stopped for two seconds to consider if he should go back into the pub and use their washroom to lose his lunch, but shook it off as manageable after a couple seconds.

He really should’ve gotten more details about a blood inheritance ritual before agreeing to it. He made a careful mental note to investigate these things more carefully in the future, especially when concerning goblins, because their concept of slightly painful did not in any way match Harry’s own definition.

On the upside, he was officially henceforth Harry James Potter-Monroe. He’d even gotten confirmation from the goblins, although he didn’t know how (he was learning that goblins were in everyone’s business full throttle because they were in charge of everyone’s money so they were allowed and somehow found it relevant to know a lot of personal information) that his name truly was ‘Harry’ and not short for something else. Having never seen his birth certificate before, that was a relief to confirm.

And now legally he could say his name was ‘James Monroe’ and it’d hold up just as well as ‘Harry Potter’ so far as any blood ward or tracking magic was concerned. Axeclaw had mentioned, as he handed over Harry’s requested warding stone, the receipts of his transactions from this morning, and an invoice for the liquidation of his donation vault, that his name would be Potter-Monroe in the Hogwarts sorting too, though that meant nothing to him since he had no idea what the sorting entailed. Even Draco hadn’t known, saying it was ‘tradition’ to leave new Hogwarts students in the dark so they’d find out all at the same time.

The Monroe name was growing on him, and with Dell Monroe’s journals in his bag it was pretty likely he’d learn more about his inherited ancestor that he currently knew about his own parents, so it kind of helped him feel closer to the name Monroe than he did for Potter. He liked both to say the least, but he took the Monroe name on a whim and was quickly finding he didn’t regret that snap decision at all, which was a mildly pleasant surprise.

It was only a little before two when he made it out into muggle London and traveled down several streets towards where Tom-the-toothless-bartender had pointed him: to a shopping district. His last order of business at Gringotts was to get a goblin equivalent of a debit card connected to the donation vault that would work in the muggle world—he wasn’t allowed to have one on his trust vault and the Monroe account had limited withdrawals for money until he was 17, and he didn’t want to take a boat load of money from his trust and change it all into physical muggle money that he may or may not use up.

In reality the thing looked like a debit card made by someone who’d only been told what a debit card was supposed to look like, and was entirely made of glass since apparently goblins didn’t do plastic. It was supposedly unbreakable and had a mild muggle-confounding charm on it so muggles wouldn’t question why Harry was handing them essentially a slightly gold-tinted shard of glass with alien-looking runes etched into it instead of a debit card to make his purchases.

Apparently, it also didn’t work like a debit card either: it copied the memory of the muggle salesperson holding it, recording the price of whatever Harry was buying, and stored it. It’d be sent to Gringotts who would make note of the memory to determine the location of the store and the number of galleons needing to be transferred into muggle money, and apparently they had ways of making the money just magically appear in the company’s account. This way it was untraceable back to the wizarding world, an no one was being cheated out of their money (muggle or not, the goblins took business very seriously). In fact, the goblins charged a galleon fee for this service any time he used it, which would’ve been outrageous for a normal credit card except that Harry was intending to go on a big spending spree in only two or three shops—three galleons was a fine price for not having lug around muggle money possibly until he could get back to Gringotts and transfer it back. He didn’t need it at the Dursleys (he had no intention of stopping his grocery-skimming habit because his lovely relatives deserved it) and he’d definitely not need it at Hogwarts.

It was a win all around and so Harry happily shook off the rest of his nausea on his way down the street and to his first destination.

It was an extremely enlightening process, if not slightly terrifying as he'd never done anything like this before and suddenly he had choices and the ability to buy things—ANY of the things he wanted— and at the end he was actually very satisfied with his trip. School supplies was one thing as there was only so many options for what kind of cauldron you could get and pure gold was unnecessary and bronze seemed cheap, so it was either pewter or silver—bam, decision done. Shopping for what he was going to wear each day was infinitely more complex because it wasn’t four or five options, it was literally thousands. He’d never had the opportunity to pick what he wore besides this hand-me-down or that hand-me-down (both of which had holes and were so washed out they were essentially the same color grey), so this was an terrifyingly thrilling prospect.

He got the basics as he was desperately in need of, such as underwear and socks and a couple plain white undershirts that actually fit him. He was amazed to realize underwear and socks could be pretty much any color or style you wanted and had a field day picking out every crazy color he could think of. They were just underwear after all and no one would see them, so that'd been fun. Socks were a little more visible, so he stuck to solid colors instead of the wild patterns, but still chose a large package of bright neon colors—the label proudly stating that no sock inside the package matched another. He was not quite sure what the point of un-matching socks was, but surprised himself by being totally on board with it, so he bought it without much issue.

Shoes were his next dilemma as none of the ones he had would be acceptable for this new leaf of his—in fact the pair he was wearing he was going to throw them out as soon as possible as they weren't even fit to donate really. He knew it'd be one of the more pricier expenses but it was worth it: he got one pair of plain black dressier shoes because that seemed like something he should have, but also got a pair of sneakers called Chucks that were bright red with gleaming white laces that made him grin. Red shoes were just such an appealing thought. He'd surprised himself again when, as he was walking to the check out with his two choices, he'd passed another pair that for the life of him he'd never imagined he'd want. Maybe he was just on a roll of too hyped up on his good day and all the possibilities in front of him to think straight, but he saw them and just thought , 'those looks so comfy and imagine me wearing that color—I think I want them.'

On an impulse he didn't really think through until he'd set down his boxes and tried on his size, he realized he really liked them. They were canvas mostly, with pale grey rubber soles, but the canvas itself was a bright, sky-pale teal. He'd never imagined he'd like a color so bright, nor that he'd wear it, but suddenly they were on his feet and he couldn't quite bring himself to put them back. On an impulse he really couldn’t defend himself on if asked about later, he bought two identical pairs in different colors—one in bright orange, and one in the periwinkle color almost exactly the same shade as his atmosphere bulbs.

He added them to his growing cache and was thankful for his bottomless bag for the umpteenth time today, immediately throwing his old shoes out as soon as he left the store and putting on his red chucks with a pair of his brand new un-matching socks. He’d never had brand new socks before and found it was amazing, by the way. One of those small pleasures in life he’d never had a chance to enjoy until now, like a million other things he’d experienced today, and it boosted his shopper’s high to keep going.

Clothes shopping, he found out, was an experience, to say the least.

He wandered in an out of shops for a good half hour, but nothing really caught his eye until he stumbled on one with a metal song playing overhead and a lot of people wearing eyeliner both shopping and working the register it seemed. Ignoring the large amount of black on the racks, there were several shelves of t-shirts with colorful slogans and design that made no sense, like a pale red shirt with a giant purple handprint on the front, a pastel blue long-sleeve shirt with a big black crescent moon, one that was black and purple and pink and blue with stars like it was cut from a galaxy, and dark grey with a giant pink duck with fangs on the front…

It was all so weird and nonsensical.

He loved it.

As he layered his twelfth shirt over his arm and kept poking around, the salespeople seemed to realize they had a big-ticket customer, and after asking if he was with his parents (and he “innocently” said, no—but he had his mom’s credit card and her permission to buy whatever he liked) they were gleeful in helping him hold his stuff and add in more to the pile if he asked curiously about something. One of them was kind enough to point out that he had the wrong size—it’d fit him but would ride up if he lifted his arms so he needed a size up, and since he was still growing maybe even a size larger than that so he could wear them all over the next year or so. He never had fitting clothes before so that was good information to have.

When he decided to switch gears to pants, he had ended up with twenty plus shirts in one of every single one of their weird designs plus five ‘band shirts’ as they called them. He’d never listened to any of the bands but they said he really should, so he purchased a CD-player, headphones, and the albums from the shop as well. He knew electronics didn’t work at Hogwarts but it’d be nice to while away from of his time at the Dursleys getting caught up on things muggles his age would know—maybe he could make some muggleborn friends if they saw his shirt and liked the band too, it was something they could share. He wasn’t particularly into music but he was into making friends with this fresh start of his, so he went for it.

For pants he let them toss style after style into his dressing room while he tried them on, giving everything a shot as he mixed and matched with the shirts he’d picked out. It was kind of fun, if not exhausting to be so self-critical as he looked in the mirror and had to debate if he really liked the look or not, and if he did would he be laughed out of Hogwarts for it?

He tried all sorts of styles and found that the one he kept landing on was a precise mix of feminine and masculine. For some reason he was all about that kind of look, and now that he had the time to sit down and think about it he realized this wasn’t new in the slightest—it was just the first time he’d been in a situation where he could reflect on himself in a mirror and realize this was okay…

(…and feasible with his shiny glass debit card.)

Maybe it was because his first impression of a real wizard—not a giant character like Hagrid or all the wizened shop keeps he’d first interacted with in the Alley— was Draco Malfoy, who had delicate features and a regal grace about him. Harry too, wanted to be graceful and androgynous, especially because it made his hair, that one thing he had, stand out so.

Stand out was not a concept he'd ever entertained before, but his heart picked up a bit in both exhilaration and anxiety to think about it now. He wanted both to be seen for who he was, but also hide the fact he was Harry Potter the apparent celebrity. He wanted to be both masculine and strong since he was a guy he supposed and that was the expectation, but he also wanted to be graceful like Draco and beautiful like his mother—the mother he still knew not a thing about and who he apparently so looked like. But even Hagrid had said she was a wild beauty and Harry wanted that—wanted that part of him he could share with his mother to shine through, out of a desperate need to know her, even just a little bit more than he currently did.

He wanted with a want that he was wholly unfamiliar with, and it made his throat close up for a moment and his eyes get hot although he didn’t understand why.

He both wanted to be seen, and also not. He wanted to be both masculine and feminine. He wanted to be both strong and for once in his life… maybe vulnerable. Draco's letters did more and more each day to encourage him that who he was… was actually good enough for someone. That maybe he could go a little crazy, walk a little farther out on that limb, and everything would still be okay.

And so as he played around with who he was as he looked at himself in the mirror and realizing he’d never just looked at himself in the mirror…he found himself going at least one step farther than he ever would've before, and embarrassingly enough a good portion of it was because of what he thought Draco might see in him when they met up in a couple weeks. He caught himself too many times thinking of what face Draco would make to see this or that… and had to quickly shake it off, reminding himself he was doing this to be himself and not for someone else.

But he couldn't avoid those thoughts entirely, and he found himself a little relieved that refined, beautiful Draco was the person he met first given that if he'd befriended a typical guy-guy right off the bat he probably would've just shelled himself up inside the typical guy persona he'd always worn and stuck to Dudley's hand-me-downs and tattered ill-fitting sneakers his whole life. He'd always hated his tattered clothes but simply resigned himself to that just being how things were—other things were more important and if he was going to defy the Dursleys there were other more critical things to spend his energy on, like hiding the tofu in the fridge or hiding his hair form Petunia or avoiding the dreaded 'Harry Hunting' episodes. He'd also never had anyone to try for… and now Draco Malfoy with his perfectly tailored clothes and perfectly styled hair was his friend and he was not about to go around in Dudley's ten-sizes-too-big ripped and stained t-shirts and too-big, once-white shoes that were now grey and had holes in the bottom.

Uh-uh, absolutely no way.

In the end, Harry managed to escape the gleeful sales people with a whole new wardrobe that he was quite happy with—and he knew for certain Petunia would faint in shock if he ever wore it around her or her husband and son. He’d also let them toss in half a bag of small buttons, pins, bracelets, hair pins, and bandanas because they were gushing like the hairdressers had about ‘pastel goth’, whatever that was, and he was mostly certain he was not going to wear even half those headbands but they kept pushing and he legitimately didn’t care—he was already deep in the hole on this shopping spree, but that had always been the intention. Besides, he was exhausted after all of this and couldn’t be bothered to argue as they added it to his pile.

He left the place happy with his purchases and with tittering sales people in his wake, lugging the heavy bags to the nearest alley before he slipped them into his own bag for lighter traveling. He went back to the Leaky Cauldron and ordered himself some dinner, setting up shop in a corner to enjoy it and pull out his ‘Latin for Dummies’ book he’d bought in Contrair that morning and read up.

All in all, it’d been a successful day, and while tomorrow he’d be right back to being the Dursleys non-confrontational housekeeper, things were looking up and he now knew the day Hogwarts came was never going to get here fast enough.





Chapter 9: Book 1 : Pride : 9




His heart pounded as he ran straight at a brick wall, hoping against hope that Draco wasn’t messing with him.

September 1st dawned bright and early for many young students looking forward to going to Hogwarts for the first time, and many more looking to return after the summer holidays. The day hadn’t come fast enough and he’d counted the days and twice as many letters from Draco until the day finally arrived, and Harry was out the door of Private Drive so fast he thought he saw Dudley’s head spin.

He’d stayed to cook one last breakfast since disappearing the day Dudley was to go off to school as well without cooking him a feast might be enough to piss his relatives off even a year later when he had to see them next summer, and the train didn’t leave until 11:00 anyway so he endured it with the promise that he’d be going to bed in a magical boarding school that night the last bit of motivation he needed to keep his pleasant mask on with them. They didn’t even look at him as he bolted out the door as soon as the last dish was dried and put away—his shed was cleaned up of all potentially magical items they might find while he was gone, his trunk stashed in his old cupboard before they were even up that morning, and his bag was in the bush out front, so he could literally grab his trunk and walk out the door, striding away as quickly as he could with a huge trunk without looking super suspicious.

Luckily he had the forethought to tell Hedwig to meet him at Hogwarts and collapsed her cage into his bag because there was no way he wouldn’t look like a lunatic carrying both a trunk and a bird cage (with bird) down the street with no discernible destination.

An abandoned street and one Knight Bus trip later, he was here, in a bustling train station and trying to find the right barrier Draco had said was the muggle gate to the right platform. It was very nerve-racking to run at a solid wall with no reassurance he wasn’t about to just run into a wall, but he gave it a go because… well, magic, so why not? And he trusted Draco—on magic related issues at least.

Still, he might’ve pulled a muscle tensing so hard preparing for impact and then his whole body slumping when the crash never came. Instead the world warbled a bit and then suddenly he was there—a gleaming scarlet train puffing out plumes of smoke as the cries and cheers of families saying their goodbyes and owls, toads, and cats chiming in their opinions on the matter.

He’d worn his beanie to the train station, covering his hair as he always did in the muggle world, but at the fantastic sight of the train, and the chaos… he reached up and slipped it off, tucking it into his bag until next year.

He felt people’s eyes on him as soon as his hair fell free, it being up in its high ponytail again and his bangs messy and wild, especially from the hat. But there were no looks of horror at the unnatural shade, and no looks of awed recognition that he felt he’d get if they recognized him as ‘Harry Potter’. His scar was covered up expertly with muggle makeup, his hair slightly wavy today from one of the magical shampoos he tried out, and he’d left his glasses under the floorboard of his shed/room back on Private Drive. He felt like a new person and he was ready to really embrace that.

He felt… good. He was excited and already knew Draco, who despite his bratty-baby-cactus-like personality had complimented his hair--over a letter and obviously meaning it, since he'd clearly be too embarrassed to say that in person. He had an ally, he wasn’t going into this alone, and he was ready.

I’m actually going. This is really happening…

Pushing through his daze and the crowd, he approached the train and watched the crowd of people around. You could clearly tell the muggle families from the wizard ones, it was kind of comical really, but the one thing they had in common was the slightly wet expressions on their faces as they looked down at their children who were going to be departing for parts unknown in a short time. Harry tried not to let it bother him (but it did a tiny bit, it really did).

Still, nothing could ruin the day more than having to cook for the Dursleys already did, so he got to a compartment where it seemed you were supposed to lift up your trunk and gave it a go. The problem being the trunk was pretty much as big as him and being on wheels was one thing, but lifting it straight up was a bit of a pickle for an eleven-year-old with the physique of a nine-year-old.

He was huffing and puffing against the weight when the burden suddenly disappeared, blinking up in surprise as his trunk floated away from his hands and had to do a double take to make sure he hadn’t burst a blood vessel in his struggle and was now seeing double.

“Wotcher there!”

“We got ya!” two identical looking teen boys with bright ginger hair had his trunk in hand and easily slipped it up onto the train.

"Nice hair you got there,”

“You'd fit right in with us!" One nudged Harry’s shoulder playfully, pointed at his own orange locks while the other nodded along.

“You a first year?" They chorused as one.

"Uh… yeah. Thank you," Harry smiled in a daze, too shocked that… their hair! It was…

Ignoring his staring, they waved him off and dusted their hands in sync as if brushing off a job well done.

"No worries!"

"You looked to be struggling there,”

“And we’re happy to help.”

“I'm Fred!"

"I'm George!"

"Nice to meet you!" they chorused as one.

"Harry," He managed to get out, feeling like he was getting whiplash. He grinned when they both offered their hands to shake—the wrong way, and he was forced to cross his arms over his chest to shake the right ones. They laughed at the awkward motion and gave a dramatic shake of greeting. "I've never met anyone with red hair like me before," he admitted, still caught up in hair that was… well, he’d never met anyone else with red hair, so apparently Hagrid hadn’t been lying. Not that he didn’t trust Hagrid, but seeing was believing and all that.

"We're Weasleys, all we've got is bright red hair!" One laughed.

"You must not get out much if you've never seen red hair before yours,"

"Though yours is red-red, isn't it Forge? More like Christmas than carrots!"

“More like Christmas than Halloween!”

“Like apples than oranges, hm?”

"True, true Gred. He's like the original red head!"

Harry smiled in amusement at the two—they took the twin thing very seriously apparently. It was also encouraging they didn’t give a quaffle about his hair other than to joke around about it, which he appreciated. They seemed nice.

"Fred! George! Get back here!" A woman across the way shouted at them—and Harry realized there was an entire group of them over there that had red hair.

"Ah! So much red hair!" He blurted out in surprise, and the twins burst out in startled laughter at that.

"That's our family!"

"We gotta go, but good luck Apples!"

"Thanks!" He managed to call after them as they scurried back to their shouting mother, taken off guard by the nickname and finding he didn’t hate it. Clearly, they didn’t mean it maliciously—they reminded him of the trickster nymphs he’d read about in his Defense Against the Dark Arts textbook more than anything.

Shaking off that encounter he clambered onto the train and pushing his trunk down into the storage rack before searching for an empty compartment. Draco had family things to do, or so he said—something about pureblood families meeting up on the platform to be political or something but he hadn’t gone into much detail beyond saying not to wait up for him but to find a compartment and he’d catch up later.

A simple enough plan if he hadn’t turned a corner a little too fast and collided with someone not ten seconds after getting on the train, his unfortunate partner in the collision walking briskly down the aisle and sending them both stumbling with a startled twin ‘oof!’. He just barely managed to grab onto their shoulders and steady them both, pushing the other person back to brace themselves from falling and was suddenly looking into a pair of big blue eyes.

"Hannah! I told you not to rush!" Another girl's voice came.

"Oh gosh I'm so sorry!" The blonde girl he’d run into pushed off of him to stand up straight. Harry's hands had come up automatically to her upper arms to steady her, and just guided her back and then dropped them quickly, flashing a grin hastily.

"It's no problem, I wasn't paying attention either!" he waved it off easily.

He wasn’t sure what it meant when both girls just froze upon meeting his gaze properly, the blonde who’d run into him flushing red in embarrassment and the auburn-haired girl behind her staring with her mouth popped open in a little ‘o’.

"I, uh… ah, sorry," The blonde got out awkwardly, blushing more and scooting around him to take off down the hallway again--somehow faster than before? Other girl was blinking at him and then quickly avoided eye contact as she followed after her friend without a word. Harry watched them go, very much not understating that interaction at all.

What was that about? It didn’t look like the recognized me, I don’t think. Well whatever, first thing’s first.

He brushed that off and went in search of a compartment, easily finding one a little ways down. Once there he happily tossed his bag down and started shedding layers—he couldn’t wear his new clothes in front of the Dursleys after all so he had one of Dudley’s oversized monstrosities overtop his new outfit, kicking off the old sneakers with haste and digging out his new teal shoes from his bag. Embarrassingly enough he’d planned his outfit out three days ago in excitement for his this grand adventure he was going on: it was a long-sleeved teal shirt that he pushed up his forearms a bit, almost matching his shoes and the front emblazoned with a yellow and pink outline of a bunny boxing a duck. It was coupled with a pair of very light grey jeans with pink patches over the knees.

He’d gone through Dell Monroe’s whole basket of shiny baubles too and found a couple he rather liked—silver bangles on his wrists with dangly beads of a rainbow of colors and the only ring that managed to fit him on his thumb, fitted with a single pearl in a swirly pattern.

All in all he felt ready. He was present, this was him, and it was time to take on this grand adventure as himself as he was meant to be, and it promised to be a good time in the making.

He settled down a bit and pulled one of Dell’s journals from his bag—he’d been steadily working his way through them when he got tired to his textbooks because they were as entertaining as any book he’d snuck home from the school library. His adopted ancestor had been a seamstress of all things, but going by her exploits Harry gathered she was a very bad one at that—she had her Monroe family money and therefore didn’t strictly need to work and seemed to think herself the very height of fashion in the 1330s while her noted annoyance at how few customers she got seemed to imply she might’ve been a little off the mark. Her free time—and there was a lot of that given she had pretty much no customers—was filled with playing around with magic in fun, unique little ways that seemed to come to her randomly thanks to fits of boredom. He had a great time reading her scribbling notes as she tried to figure out exactly what had gone wrong when she tried to transfigure a new skirt to be made of braided pine needles and ended up with a rampaging talking tree that’d broken a hole through the side of her shop. Her neighbor, a potions master she seemed to mentioned quite a bit given how little they got along, was not pleased with that turn of events and had fixed the wall by bricking it over with mortars bricks—and apparently they were magically reinforced and couldn’t be painted. Which wasn’t a problem for a potion’s lab but certainly one for a dress shop she was trying to make look pretty and thus launched several days of prank-wars between the two.

The antics they got up to, Dell’s crazy nicknames for her self-proclaimed ‘arch nemesis’, and her free-spirited grasp on magic meant her journals were a ride and half to get through and he usually found himself up too late at night wondering what was going to happen next or if she’d finally blow herself up in the end (a stupid thought given he had dozens of journals ahead of the one he was reading, but the thrill didn’t lessen despite known exactly how old she lived to be).

Harry was well into it and enjoying Dell’s detailed description of what a scumbag her neighbor was when the train suddenly lurched and he startled, blinking up and realizing they were moving. Parents were waving to their kids who were leaning out of windows to wave back. Harry smiled a little tightly to himself, especially when he spotted the red headed family—now down several red heads—and a tiny red headed girl running after the train with tears in her eyes. Harry could relate—if he had to watch this train glide away, leaving him behind in his old life while the people on here went off to a world of magic, he’d be a bit put out too.

Shaking it off a bit, he went back to reading.

Only, he didn’t get very far before the compartment door slid open. Harry glanced up quickly, half hoping/expecting to see a silver blond waiting on him, and was a little surprised but not unhappy when there was a red headed boy shifting awkwardly in the door instead. He probably belonged to the family the twins were from—the Weasleys they’d said.

How many kids do they actually have I wonder? Talk about that many siblings…

“Do you mind if I sit here? Everywhere else is full.” The boy shifted, giving him a wide-eyed look.

Harry highly doubted every compartment on this huge train was full—Draco had talked about how low the attendance at Hogwarts had been ever since the war, and two years below them was supposed to be almost double their current year and still half of what it once was. Plus, this train was magical and after scanning a bit of ‘Hogwarts a History’ and only getting as far as the introductory chapter about the train and Hogsmeade, Harry was almost 100% certain that if someone wanted a compartment for themselves then one would appear. If someone intruded it was because they wanted to, and the typical reason was to make friends.

Harry let it go, since he too was here to make friends, and just smiled. What could it hurt?

“Sure.”

The freckly kid looked relieved as he came in and plopped down across from him, glancing out the window but not having anything to preoccupy him so Harry silently sighed. He seemed like the small talk sort and resigned himself to just go with it.

“You’re a first year?” He asked.

“Yes. You too?”

“Yep. I’m Ron Weasley,”

“Harry,” he greeted politely, and saw Ron’s eyes immediately flicker to his forehead. Sucks for him because his scar was under an expertly applied layer of make-up and his wild bangs so he would find nothing there. Deciding he didn’t like people looking at his scar, he smiled a little wider. “Harry Monroe.”

Ron’s eyes lost interest in a second flat, nodding to that easily enough. “Do you know what house you’ll be in?”

“No, and I didn’t particularly think very hard on it. I’d be fine with anything.”

“Well you’ve got a book, so probably Ravenclaw then, yeah?”

Ugh, these wizards and their type-casting.

“My parents were in Gryffindor, I hear, so maybe there? And I do like making friends so even Hufflepuff wouldn’t be that bad. But then again I’m pretty quick on my feet and I know what I want, so Slytherin wouldn’t be a bad pick either.” He reflected lightly. He raised a brow at the ugly scowl that crossed Ron’s face at that.

“I think I’d bloody die if I were to be put in Slytherin though! Why’d you want to go to a dark house like that?” He demanded, seemingly offended by the very idea a stranger he met less than two minutes ago could have a different opinion.

Harry wasn’t amused.

“I am going to assume you plan to be in Gryffindor then.”

“Well probably, my whole family’s been in it. I’ve got five older brothers, all Gryffindor.” He didn’t say it like he was thrilled about it, but instead just stating a boring fact.

“So Fred and George are in Gryffindor,” He mused to himself. He knew Draco so he knew what a Slytherin-like person was now, and if the twins were in Gryffindor that spoke to those kinds of personalities. Neither seemed bad.

“How’d you know Fred and George?” Ron demanded bluntly, looking a little put out and Harry had no idea what that was about.

“I met them on the platform; they helped me get my trunk onto the train. They seemed nice.” Ron gave a non-committal grunt at that which Harry had no clue how to interpret. “Uh… well, anyway I don’t care what house I’m in, I’m just here for the magic.” He waved it off, trying to get back to lighter topics, but it seemed impossible from the way Ron’s brow furrowed.

“Are you a muggleborn?”

“Half-blood, I think the term is, but I grew up with muggles so practically speak yeah, I know about as much as a muggleborn would.”

“Oh.” Ron paused, and you could practically see smoke coming out of his ears from how hard he was thinking on that. “…wait a second, I don’t recognize the name Monroe?”

Oh for the love of…

“Are all pureblood wizards obsessed with heritage? Because it’s getting old fast.” Harry deadpanned, satisfied when the boy’s ears turned red in embarrassment.

“Uh… sorry.”

But Harry felt Dell’s journal burning in his hand and couldn’t stop himself form opening his mouth, against his better judgement. “And not that I care about houses or blood status or whatever, but you don’t recognize Monroe? Really? They did die off but they were an Ancient and Noble house at one point weren’t they?”

Ron titled his head in confusion…until his face went slack in shock and then light up in that horrible way Harry was quickly becoming familiar with—and learning hate even faster.

“But the Monroe family was avenged by Harry Potter—by you!” He seemed awful proud of himself for this deduction and Harry gave a not-so-subtle groan of annoyance that went ignored. “Blimey—why didn’t you just say so!?”

Harry knew his expression was not happy, but it didn’t seem to matter as his fellow red head beamed at him.

“I don’t know, maybe because I didn’t want to mention it? Thanks for bringing it up, by the way.”

Forget missing it, that sarcasm flew over Ron’s head so high it was practically a quidditch player aiming for a goal.

“Why would you go by another name? Everyone knows you as Harry Potter! Although everyone expects you to look like a Potter ya’know, with the dark hair and stuff. That’s even more reason to go by Potter since people wouldn’t recognized you on sight, right? Nobody remembers Monroe really, so going by Potter would be better.”

Harry wanted to hit himself in the face with Dell’s journal and barely restrained himself.

“I happen to like Monroe.” He said through slightly clenched teeth, but Ron clearly wasn’t listening as he leaned forward in a way Harry did not like.

"How come you don't have a scar?" he asked curiously, leaning way in to inspect his face without reservations this time and either not noticing or ignoring Harry’s irritated expression trying to stop him from doing so.

WOW, talk about rude… quaffle on a stick, what is his issue?

But before he could think of where to begin with that he had to immediately jerk back on instinct as a hand was suddenly in his personal space, reaching to push his bangs out of his face.

“What the heck!? I like to keep it covered—and keep your hands to yourself please.” He was just this side of outright snapping at this guy but tried to keep his composure as he waved his arms to get him to lean back in his seat, on edge and watching his hands now in case he tried it again. He wasn’t malicious, he was just… just…

“But why?” Ron demanded and Harry had the urge to slap him, but settled for grinding on his teeth.

"It's not something I like to show off, now is it?" He glared mildly. Again, it went unnoticed and it only drove him further up the wall. He was rude like Draco, but with none of the earnest wish to be his friend.

No, he was just rude and oblivious—more interested in his name than him. And Harry actually liked Draco and would’ve walked away cold because of something less, but this… this fanboy attitude was a sour taste in his otherwise sweet start at his Hogwarts journey and he wasn’t interested in this at all.

Ron did not notice his rapidly deteriorating mood.

"I would if I were you--it's what makes you famous!"

"I don't really want to be famous. Much less because of my parents' deaths, Ron." He pointed out in hope that’d shock the guy into realizing how insensitive he was being. Unfortunately, he just wasn’t that lucky and Ron only shrugged.

"Well, it's cool anyway. I'd show it off."

Okay—RUDE!? What an ever-loving piece of—

"There you are, I've been looking all over the place."

Ah! Salvation had come! Harry whipped around at the door sliding open once more, and this time there was a blond at the doorway waiting on him expectantly with his grey eyes glinting happily to see him matching Harry’s thrill to see his friend. He was so relieved to see Draco in that moment he could’ve kissed him.

000

Harry was unaware at this point in time that Draco would’ve been perfectly fine with that turn of events, and would remain unaware for the foreseeable future.

000

Harry’s elation at seeing Draco come to his rescue like a cheesy knight in white armor was derailed when Draco’s smile dropped like a ton of bricks upon seeing the second red head in the compartment, his face immediately sneering in a way that turned his unnaturally symmetrical face into odd clump of lines and teeth. Harry hadn’t seen him make that face before and it detracted from his natural symmetry by quite a bit.

"Ugh. Weasley."

"Malfoy," Ron responded in kind, his face it’s own ugly scowl.

Sensing this was going to get ugly and not particularly wanting to get into it (and very interested in ditching Ron and this horrible conversation as fast as he could before he accidentally stabbed someone before even getting to Hogwarts), Harry stood swiftly and went over to Draco, grabbing his hand smoothly and holding on tight to silently convey his message of behave.

"You found me! Let's find somewhere else." He declared shortly for no one really since he was going to do what he pleased anyway, pulling Draco out before he could think to protest. The blond in question seemed too startled by the sudden touch to even bother putting up a fight as he was pulled away--Ron starting to say something but the closing door cutting him off and leaving him alone.

They made their way quickly down the corridor and Draco finally got on board with where they were going, stepping up to walk beside him and give him a critical look.

"Did he corner you or were you actually being so charitable as to talk to that thing?"

"He's not a thing, Draco. He, uh… well he might've cornered me a bit but despite being rude as hell he's not that bad." He glanced at the sullen expression his friend had on curiously. "You said 'Weasley' like you know him."

"His family."

These wizards, I swear to god.

"I met a couple of his brothers and they were very nice. Ron is… ugh, forget about him, but the whole family doesn't seem that bad to me." He mused delicately, hoping Draco would get the hint.

He seemed to, because he froze in his scowling and seemed to remember himself, shrugging a bit. "Historically their father and mine have never gotten along. My father's trying to turn a new leaf I guess but isn't very interested in making up with them in particular or anything. They're… ignorant, is a good way of putting it."

"Ignorant?"

"Of most pureblood things. I told you a bit about them—they're a pureblood family but they openly disregard the traditions associated with that and are all around too lackadaisical to really fit in with the rest of society."

"Just because they don't fit in doesn't mean you should hate them. Oh look, this one's open." They passed an empty compartment (proving Ron’s statement about them all being full wrong, for starters) and Harry quickly pulled him inside and plopped down across from each other on the benches. Well, Harry sat: Draco was still almost sulking.

Harry gave him an indulgent smirk. "I can understand how Ron's personality can rub you the wrong way, but it sounds like you've never even talked to him or the rest of his family. The whole family can't be bad, and I don't think we should judge individuals by the family they come from." He frowned, not sure he wanted to get into this so quickly but… the conversation was here, and better now than later. "And ah…Hagrid told me the Malfoy reputation, you know. If I thought the way you're thinking right now I wouldn't have ever written you a letter."

Draco paled.

“I…suppose you’re right.” He managed to get out, head dropping a bit. Harry took pity on him and caught his eye.

"I'm new to the magical world so I intend to make my own impressions and connections based on the people I meet, not their reputations. That's how I became friends with you, and I hope to make many more friends this way as well, Draco. I'd hope you wouldn't try and sway me one way or the other, or judge me for liking people because of who they are and not their family name."

He sighed and slumped a bit. "Fine…" He allowed grudgingly.

Harry grinned. "Hey. I chose you as a friend and rejected one Ron Weasley. That's already going well for you, right? Have a little faith that I can tell the right sorts of people to associate with by myself, hm?"

"…fine, you're right. I can't exactly tell you who to be friends with I guess." He didn't seem happy about this admission, and Harry made a point of rolling his eyes.

"You don’t have to sound so thrilled that I'm making friends," He teased.

The tips of his ears colored a bit before muttering quietly. "Sorry…. Suppose I'm just selfish…"

Selfish about what? And on that note he’s pouting like a child because I talked to Ron—this weirdo.

"Forget about Ron for a moment. How was the rest of your summer? I read the potions books you suggested—I'm a little nervous about that one from all you’ve said about potions but the concepts seem straightforward I think.”

Draco’s eyes lit up when he heard potions and he forgot to keep his sulking posture as he sat straighter. "Well as I said Snape is my godfather and I know him pretty well. He loves potions a lot but he can be pretty sour in personality sometimes, and despite how good a potions master he is he's kind of odd as a teacher. Just be careful and take things seriously in his class and I think you'll be fine."

"You said the transfiguration teacher was strict; do you know any other teachers?"

"My parents told me some about them but, uh…" He trailed off suddenly, looking like he just got caught doing something naughty and Harry simply lifted a brow.

"Draco?"

"…like I said, my parents are turning a new leaf. We've… well, you've heard about the Malfoy reputation, as you said, and so what I've grown up hearing they've told me I should forget."

"Really? How so?"

"Well… like, they used to call Hagrid a great, bumbling oaf. But uh… they said not to say that anymore."

Harry was a little offended on Hagrid’s behalf but couldn’t rightly say anything given Draco did just say he was being told not to say that anymore. This was… an odd situation. And it made every little sense to be honest.

"And can I ask why they're… I don't know, changing their personalities so much? All of a sudden?"

The blond’s pale cheeks colored slightly, but his chin jutted up in slight defiance. "The Malfoys have always been a light-sided dark family. A dark-sided light family, however you want to say it. Malfoys survive."

And for some reason, that really struck a chord with him, and whatever thoughts harry had been thinking stilled for a moment.

"I… think I can understand that."

Draco looked a bit relieved and shrugged a bit helplessly. "It's not that they're dark or light, I honestly don't think my parents ever cared about sides in the war or who was dying, they just wanted to survive, and get ahead while doing it. It's sort of the Slytherin thing to do, in my opinion. Yes, they did dark things in the war, but they did light things too. Neither side likes them much because of it, but we're in a position of power now regardless."

"And what about you? Your… opinion on the things they've done or this new leaf?"

He really, really wanted to know.

He watched closely as Draco paused and considered that question legitimately…before shifting slightly in his seat. "I mean… they're my parents. I've always been proud of them, and they of me." He took a deep breath slightly unevenly. "To be… entirely honest Harry… they've decided to make this change because I met you."

…eh?

"…uh, me? Wait--me!?" He reeled back in alarm slightly, mind blanking out. "Why!?"

"Because I became friends with you." Draco shrugged again as if this were some helpless fact of life he was dealing with now. "They liked playing both sides because it gave them power, but then I became friends with you. They know if the dark lord returns and finds out their son was friends with you of all people, they'd likely just be killed outright, or worse, punished for it. They won't tell me I can't be friends with you and they won't abandon me, so the most logical choice is to become a predominantly light-sided family with a dark cover so that they would be more protected from him if the dark lord returns. Playing both sides only works if there's a level of trust on those sides, after all."

"I…" Harry was stunned. More than that he was floored. "I didn't mean to cause such a ruckus just by befriending you!"

Draco just relaxed finally and smiled wryly. "As I said, my parents are apathetic to the whole thing really. They have always played their parts as expected of them because that was how to survive. This 'new leaf' or whatever it is, is only the next part in the facades they play to survive."

"But you never answered what you think about it…?"

Again he shrugged, and Harry had half a mind to whack him if he did it again instead of just saying it outright. "I mean I was raised one way and now most of what I've been taught isn't applicable. I guess I'm sort of here without a plan and that's a bit unnerving but… I have you, right?"

Well dung, for such a self-centered ponce the guy can really tug at your heartstrings.

Almost unwillingly Harry smiled, although he still had half a mind to be annoyed with him for spilling all of this out of nowhere like this was a normal and logical conversation to have. He could’ve mentioned it in any of the 50+ letters they’d written but no…

Then again if the Ministry could scan their mail, talking about dark lords and allegiances was probably a face-to-face kind of ordeal. Still, Harry wasn’t going to forgive him…

…okay so maybe he was given the big grey eyes looking expectantly at him for his answer.

"Right." He agreed against his better judgement, but it was true. Draco was his friend now and it didn’t seem like he was going to escape that fact—dark lord connections or not. Besides, at least the blond seemed reasonable about the whole thing—which was more than could be said about many of the witches and wizards Harry had met so far for sure. He sighed and let go—in for a penny, in for a pound as they said. "And I've no clue what I'm doing either, so let's figure it out together."

It was almost worth forgiving his blunt information dropping when Draco smiled like that.

"Right. And I'll follow your lead with meeting people instead of my… preconceived notions. My father explained that a lot of it was to be able to play both sides, so now I should approach this year as my own person. Though, I'm not sure what that means."

"We'll figure it out together." He simply repeated with a grin. "Since learning I was a wizard I've done a lot of thinking about who I am too… it's actually a lot of fun to discover what you do and don't like, without anyone else's opinion butting in."

"I'll take your word for it." The blond raised and eyebrow with a smirk of his own. "And what things have you discovered then?"

This he could handle, and immediately kicked out his feet pointedly. "Colors, for one! I've decided hand-me-downs are a thing of the past now that I know I'm a wizard with inheritance, so I bought clothes that actually fit me and all of it is colorful!" He announced gleefully, lifting his arms to show off his new outfit and the clinking bracelets on his wrists.

Draco's eyes scanned him at the invitation, but when he met his gaze once more he did his quick-look-out-the-window thing… Harry just smiled at it.

"I don't think teal is my color." He intoned wryly, but he was smiling.

“Good on you that I’m the one wearing it then,” Harry stuck his tongue out, and Draco rolled his eyes that time. His smile dropped and a more serious look adopting his features. "You said hand-me-downs…to be honest my parents were a little surprised to hear Hagrid say 'nasty muggles', when we met in the Alley you know. That's something a pureblood family, or even my parents before their new leaf would say. From your letters it doesn't sound like you like them at all…" He left the question hanging there and Harry felt his own smile slowly drop.

He gave one non-committal nod. "No. I don't like them much." He admitted. Where did he even start with this can of worms really? He gave it a second’s thought before deciding today was not the time to bring everything down with talk of the life he was leaving behind, and shook it off quickly. "They hate magic, to put it kindly. My aunt was my mother's sister and I think she was always jealous of my mom's magic. Jealousy became hatred somewhere along the line and then my parents died without there ever being closure, leaving me with muggles who hate magic and pretty much anything not totally 'normal'. Whatever normal really means." He sighed, glancing at window…

He knew he was probably not going to forgive Petunia for lying. He silently hoped every last bit of what she had bottled up inside her slowly ate her alive from the inside one day. What that said about him as a person, he didn’t know, but he also very much did not care.

"If even Hagrid called them 'nasty muggles', they must truly be horrible."

Harry smiled blankly at his tone—the incredulous tone of someone who was trying to imagine how horrible something must be, but who had lived a very sheltered life so far and therefore even his most creative fantasies were pathetically, naively tame to Harry’s reality.

And this is why he is a baby cactus. Well, Mr. Pureblood could use a bit of an education on the matter.

"Not all muggles are bad. There are some very kind ones, some truly intelligent, creative, wonderful people. Just like wizards, they're people." He felt his eyes dim. "But people of any sort of background or magical ability can be horrible. Humans are both wonderful and cruel—that's just the way humans are, magic or not."

Draco gave him a long look, seeming to be pondering something—but before he could say anything the door slid open, causing them both to look up.

A girl with wild brown hair and a teary eyed boy with ruddy cheeks had poked their heads in—she had her chin held high while he looked positively miserable.

“Have either of you seen a toad? Neville’s lost one.” The girl announced a bit too loudly, and the boy’s lip quivered.

“No, sorry,” Harry tilted his head, genuinely sympathetic and doing a quick scan of the compartment just in case. Draco lifted a brow at the two of them but kept his mouth shut—probably for the best given the way he was somehow managing to look down his nose at the two of them while still sitting.

The girl seemed to deflate all at once, the boy called Neville looking about ready to sit down and cy.

"Well… there aren't really any more cars to check." She shrugged, looking at her companion with a guilty expression. “We checked every compartment… maybe he’s still back at the station?”

Draco was mid eye-roll when he was forced to abandon the motion in shock as Harry got to his feet and crossed the space in half a second, putting a steady hand on Neville’s arm at just about the same time tears started spilling down his face.

"Hey! There's no need to cry—it's a magical toad right? It'll turn up I'm sure!" He comforted automatically, not even sure if that was true or not, but the baby-faced boy curling in on himself like a turtle that didn’t want to come out of its shell hit all sorts of heartstrings in Harry’s book. Today was supposed to be the happiest of their lives, the start of a new adventure! He wasn’t sure he was okay with just letting someone who seemed to be his age and on the same adventure he was curl up like a smothered flower and wither in miserable tears.

First Draco’s big eyes, now this stranger’s tears. He was a sucker, he supposed, but what the hell.

Neville seemed to want nothing more than to disappear from sight; it was written all over his blotchy, tear soaked face clear as day and into every line of his slouched posture where his shoulders curled in as if he could smother himself from existence if he wished hard enough.

Harry knew the feeling.

But he also knew the feeling of straightening your spine and being proud of who you were for once, after so long of being your own worst enemy. Of coming out the other side and wondering why you’d spent so long being your own critic when you realized how many legitimate critics there were in the world. Of realizing you could be happy by being on your own team for once.

Harry squeezed his arm gently in comfort and two bleary blue eyes glanced up at him quickly before dropping to the ground as if weighed down by bricks.

"N-no… it's a normal toad." The boy mumbled dejectedly.

"Why did you take a normal toad to Hogwarts?" Draco raised a poised eyebrow, and Harry snapped his head to the side to shoot him a look so severe that the blond reeled back a little and flapped his arms as if silently demanding to know what he did.

"Ignore Draco—” he sure did despite the immediate indignant cry at that, “—I think having a normal toad as a pet is interesting! You have to work harder to befriend it since it's not magical."

"But it still ran away from me," Neville sniffed.

"Oh! If it's a normal toad then a summoning charm should work on it! We can ask one of the older kids to perform one for us!" The girl perked up, wild mane of hair bouncing with her sudden enthusiasm.

Neville lifted his head slightly as if hopeful at this prospect, but dropped it quickly before he could meet either of their gazes—especially the girl’s who was now staring at him expectantly. He probably didn’t have the nerve to ask an upper year for this favor and the girl’s insistence was probably the only reason he’d let himself be dragged around disrupting every compartment on the train. And he was going to be dragged around some more if her expression said anything, and he wasn’t going to enjoy it one bit.

Harry sighed, sliding his hand from just being a comforting gesture on his arm to wrapped firmly around his wrist, lifting it and pulling him forward a bit. Neville blinked in alarm, forgetting to be humiliated and shy as he looked up in panic—but Harry was just smiling his most non-threatening smile possible and lifted his hand up pointedly, revealing a spare shiny bracelet he’d slipped off his own wrist in his free hand.

“Looks like someone needs to be a little nicer to themselves, right Neville?” He hummed gently, slipping the bracelet over the boy’s wrist and then gripping his hand in his own so he couldn’t shake it off.

Before anyone could comment he was off, pulling the boy down the corridor with him. “Now let’s find an upper year! Maybe if they’re super nice they’ll teach us the spell themselves!”

“But you can’t! That’s a fifth-year spell!” The girl exclaimed, aghast.

And you knew about it how then? He wondered, but didn’t give that a voice.

“Harry!” He heard Draco call a little frantically.

“Don’t wait up Draco!” He shouted over his shoulder as he made his grand escape, a shell-shocked Neville being dragged along beside him and the girl struggling to keep up. He heard something loud bang in the compartment behind him but couldn’t tell what, and then he was gone, peeking into compartments curiously for a nice-looking upper year.

“Y-you’re Harry?” A timid voice from behind asked, and Harry braced himself for the inevitable. But when he glanced back, the blue eyes that’s been staring at the back of his head dropped to the floor. “…thank you.” Was all he said instead.

Harry smiled to himself since Neville was committed to not looking at him anymore. A rough start maybe, but this grand adventure was living up to its promise.





Chapter 10: Book 1 : Pride : 10




“Oh my god, pouty Mcpouty, I was not gone that long!” Harry laughed pointedly in Draco’s face as they were clambering off the train into a throng of people. Everyone was dressed in their robes (unfortunately, Harry’s awesome outfit only having seen a couple hours that day) so it was like a flood of black as everyone seemed to know what they were doing except for the tiniest ones of the sea, who were getting shuffled along well enough anyway.

Draco, true to form, only pouted harder.

“You ditched me!” He insisted.

“I had things to do, Draco. We’re going to Hogwarts, we’re going to have tons of things to do from here on out…! Aw, come on, would you like me to hold your hand too? I typically only do it for people who are having a bad day but for you, I’ll make an exception.” He teased wickedly. Neville just shifted, not having said a word since reuniting with Draco but just pressed close to Harry’s side.

Harry had looped his arm in his new friend’s and refused to let go, especially when it was clear that if they weren’t careful they’d be swept up in the crowd. Neville was the sort of just get pushed all the way back onto the train, and he’d let them out of sheer unwillingness to stand up for himself, so Harry held on for dear life and Neville allowed him—one hand even fisted in his sleeve as if that’d keep him grounded.

Draco had been pouty and dramatically annoyed with him since they’d reunited, just as they needed to change into their robes. Harry had found a pleasant looking upper year who turned out to be in Ravenclaw and told her about the toad—and now Trevor was safely in Neville’s pocket where his free hand was holding him in securely. After that though… Harry had done a little tour of the nearby compartments to scope out the kinds of people he’d be going to school with and get a vibe for what kind of people were in each house. He hadn’t clung to Neville but the boy had trailed after him, saying he’d never found a compartment to sit down in since he’d been looking for Trevor this whole time. Harry didn’t mind the company as Neville… well, hadn’t made a sound other than trail after him and quietly answer when spoken to—he had offered for him to go back and sit with Draco but Neville had just shook his head rapidly with a panicked look on his face. They’d lost the loud brunette girl somewhere although Harry was honestly not sure at what point that had happened.

And now, Harry had a wallflower on one arm and a bratty blond making a fuss on the other, so he felt some light-hearted teasing was in order to get everyone to relax a bit—he hadn’t gotten a chance to mess with Draco over letters very much (well, that wasn’t true, but it was easier to do in person) and felt it was long overdue.

Instead of snapping back that he was his own man or getting defensive in his masculinity about the hand-holding comment though, Draco just turned bright red and gaped at him like a fish, his mouth opening and closing like he was trying to say something and no words were coming out.

It was so bad the blond was almost knocked over by an upper year pushing past him distractedly and Harry just rolled his eyes at how hopeless his new friends were and hooked Draco’s arm securely in his too, pulling him out of the line of traffic.

“It wasn’t a hard question Draco, calm down.” He teased gently, and although Draco was stiff as a board his face stopped turning colors and he actually did calm down a bit.

“You are the worst.”

“You just learning this now, Draco? And here you told me Slytherins were supposed to be clever.”

“The absolute worst!” He hissed vehemently—though the corner of his mouth twitched like he was fighting not to smile so Harry considered it a win in his favor.

“Firs’ years! Firs’ years this way!” A booming voice down the platform started yelling, a huge hulking form of Hagrid emerging from the distant shadows holding a glowing lantern over his head. Harry felt Neville tense up a bit beside him, somehow even more than he already was.

“Oh it’s Hagrid! Neville you’re gonna love him, he’s an oversized marshmallow I swear. Literally oversized, he’s like eight feet tall and blunt as they come but he’s totally harmless. He showed me around Diagon Alley.” He babbled cheerily to the boy beside him and Neville glanced at him quickly before nodding his head slightly.

“Gran told me about him a bit…” He admitted.

“Well you’ve got to meet him; making your own impressions is important.” He chirped, feeling like he’d said this approximately a hundred times today already and he wasn’t even at the school yet.

Wizards, he shook his head to himself, again for the hundredth time.

“Where did that loud-mouth go?” Draco abruptly brought up, glancing around the crowd and still somehow looking down his nose despite the fact most of them were taller than him.

“Who? The girl?”

“Her name’s Hermione…” Neville chimed in, voice so low there was no way Draco had heard it on Harry’s other side. He seemed far too afraid to actually talk to Draco for some reason, but Harry wasn’t going to push.

“Hermione? I’m not sure, she disappeared while we were talking to the Ravenclaw prefects.”

“She’s clearly a Ravenclaw herself. Even for a mudblood she knew about summoning charms in detail enough to make an advanced leap about being able to summon a non-magical toad, and those are upper year spells. Must’ve gotten her books and memorized them immediately.” Draco scoffed.

“Oh, like you weren’t hounding me to take notes on my texts since I got them?” Harry immediately challenged and got a glare for his efforts.

“D-don’t… call her that.” Neville actually spoke at a semi-normal volume and when Harry turned back to him was legitimately shocked to see a pair of blue eyes meeting Draco’s gray ones with startling sternness. He was shaking like a leaf of course and looked half a second from crying, arm a near death-grip on Harry’s, but his head was held steady as he met the young Malfoy’s eyes firmly. “She’s… sh-she helped me. S-so don’t call her that.” He repeated, a tiny bit more forcefully though his voice wavered.

Harry felt something in his temple twitch.

“Draco.”

Be it the iron-clad grip he now held on the blond’s arm or the tone he spoke with promising a thousand painful deaths, or maybe even the fire he felt in his eyes as he turned and commanded Draco’s now too-forced-to-be-natural blank gaze to meet his own… whatever it was, the blond was still and shut up to listen.

“What does mudblood mean, exactly?”

“It’s a term for a muggleborn.” He said, although the high note to his voice meant he was clearly avoiding something.

“N-no more than c-calling a pureblood an inbred b-bastard.” Neville had just enough nerve to say this while looking directly into Draco’s eyes, and Harry felt kind of impressed with both Neville’s spontaneous grit and how many shades of red Draco’s pale skin could color.

Neville shrunk like a turtle retreating at Draco’s snap. “You insolent-!”

“Draco.” The blond froze at his tone, and Harry glared at him with every ounce of warning he could muster. “I will push you off this platform. Are we clear?”

…he nodded once.

“Great. Don’t say it again.”

Another quick nod, and the rest of the walk down to where Hagrid was standing was spent in silence—both boys on his arms now too tense to do more than pretend to be unbothered while Harry dragged them forward.

Again, not a pleasant conversation but at least they got that out of the way. He had a feeling making sure they were all on the same page before they got to Hogwarts was important.

He also made a note to run the things he learned from Draco by Neville first since clearly the blond, while a wealth of information, was not unbiased. Not that he’d ever thought Draco unbiased, but this just proved the level of his actual bias to be something more concerning than he’d thought.

“Ya al-righ’ there ‘Arry?” Hagrid’s booming voice snapped him out of his brooding and he realized they were in a crowd of people more their height, the upper years having filtered off somewhere. The giant man beamed down at him through his wild beard, a lantern held high above their heads.

“Sure am Hagrid!” He called up to the man.

“Well ya will be wantin’ to be up front ta get a good view, come on,” A huge hand waved them forward and Harry found himself dragging Draco and Neville with him. It was a blatant show of favoritism that Harry found himself not minding—it wasn’t because he was Harry Potter but because he was the son of people Hagrid once cared about. For some reason that didn’t bother him nearly as much as he thought maybe it should.

And when they got to the top of the hill Hagrid had been ushering them up, and saw what he’d been talking about… Harry found himself entirely unrepentant.

That’s Hogwarts…? It’s… beautiful.

000

“I heard we have to fight a troll,” Ron Weasley’s voice was somehow loud enough to cut through the throng of nervously chattering first years after Hagrid left them to their devices outside of a huge set of wooden doors that seemed to be where they were going to get sorted in a minute.

“How thick can you get?” Draco muttered at a far more appropriate volume beside him and Harry just shook his head. While he wasn’t sure what this sorting would entail, facing a troll would only prove you were brave (and likely stupid enough) for Gryffindor. How were you supposed to prove you were in Slytherin against a troll— talk it into submission?

Harry had a mental image of Draco trying to do just that and snorted to himself at that entertaining picture.

“I met his older brothers on the platform—I’d bet that they were just trying to mess with him. They’re the playful sorts like that.” He responded instead, Draco nodding along to that. “Your parents didn’t tell you?”

“No; they talked about everything else, but this is tradition to go in blind.” He shrugged. His show of nonchalance didn’t stop Harry from noting that his shoulders were tense with nerves.

It was times like these that Harry was thankful he didn’t give a troll what house he ended up in. The pressure was way off like that.

“Hello there students! Oh look at them all, oh so tiny and ready to learn!” A new voice cut in and Harry glanced up with everyone else, jaw dropping as several shouts of startled fright ran out as a dozen newcomers arrived to the party… only they were translucent and flying over their heads.

“What the heck!? Ghosts? Magic is one thing, but no one ever said anything about ghosts!” He blurted out before he could stop himself, and Draco snickered quietly beside him.

“How rude young man!” A plump man scolded him as he floated over his head and drifted towards the double doors. “I hope you are not in my house!”

“House?”

“Each house has a ghost, and I think that was Hufflepuff’s ghost.” Draco filled in.

“Oh… well, guess I’m not friendly enough then.”

“I th-think you are…” Neville finally piped up on his other side and Harry smiled at him.

“Well I’m rude too I suppose, so maybe if I do end up in his house I’ll just have to tell it to his face until he likes me.”

“Why do I get the feeling you’d actually do it too,” Draco gave a long-suffering sigh. Harry just maturely stuck his tongue out at him.

“Y-you don’t care if you’re in H-Hufflepuff?” Neville asked quietly, blue eyes earnestly interested.

“I don’t care what house I’m in—any one of them sounds find. I don’t particularly feel brave or clever or friendly, but then again this sorting will probably tell me something about myself. This prat will be in Slytherin, or so he tells me, and I’ll be friends with him anyway so different house or not it’s not going to put a damper on my plans.” He chatted, Neville eyeing him curiously.

“I see… I think. My… my parents were in Gryffindor but I don’t… I thought maybe I’d be in Hufflepuff.”

Harry elbowed Draco before he could say whatever he’d opened his mouth to say. It’d only been a day and he already knew whatever it was wouldn’t help Neville’s stuttering.

“To be honest I know the least about Hufflepuff, so if you are you’ll have to tell me all about it. Or we’ll both be there and we’ll learn together! How’s that?”

The nervous boy paused only a brief moment and then nodded once, seeming lost in thought about something.

Harry might’ve continued chatting just to get rid of the silence when a woman came striding up to them, her hair in a tight bun and a look on her face so stern it might’ve been carved in stone.

Draco scoffed lowly. “Remember what I said about the transfiguration teacher?”

Harry glanced at him, then back at the witch, and realized he was probably right. Alright, good to know—absolutely no goofing off in that particular class. Not that he was about to but one look at her face and he knew he was in for it.

The witch introduced herself as Professor McGonagall and gave a short and less-than-sweet synopsis of the houses—giving no more detail about what they stood for than Draco had but at least was clear on the procedure from here on out. The house competition, the dorms, the basics. Good thing he’d had Draco’s letters over the past month and change because it wasn’t a very in-depth explanation but given they probably only had ten minutes max, was good enough for the time being. He found himself pitying the muggleborns who waltzed in here blind.

“Speak a little louder Weasley, people in London didn’t hear that.” He snapped out of his thoughts to see Draco glaring at Ron from across their little group huddled before the doors, pretty much everyone eyeing the two uneasily. The ginger-haired boy was turning a dusty red color while Draco was doing his somehow-looking-down-at-you-without-being-taller thing again.

“Wait, I was zoning out, what happened?” He asked lowly to Neville beside him, who was just clutching Trevor to his chest and looking like he was trying to not be seen standing so close to Draco.

“Um… I think his name is Ron? He said something about being a bad sort…”

“A bad sort?” he repeated, knowing Neville was editing by the way he immediately looked at the ground instead of meeting his gaze, but let it go.

“You heard what I said,” Ron stuck his jaw out stubbornly and Draco looked about ready to rip him a new one when a familiar bush of brown hair planted herself between them.

“Stop that! No fighting—the Professor will be back any second now and you’ll be expelled before you even properly enter the building!” She scolded them, and Harry got the feeling she and McGonagall would get along famously.

“Move it you-”

“Draco.”

The blond snapped his jaw shut at Harry’s quiet, but no less threatening reminder from behind him and settled on glaring impressively instead.

“This is between me and Weasley, Miss…?”

The girl looked a little startled. “Oh… I’m Hermione Granger, nice to meet you!”

“Draco Malfoy, and I can’t say the same.” Draco deadpanned and Harry felt like facepalming. Hermione just looked shocked, but Draco didn’t break stride. “Mind your own business Granger—and Weasley, shut your trap before you regret it.”

Ron inflamed. “I’ll open my mouth all I want and a snake like you can’t boss me around!” He snapped.

“This is my business if my classmates are going to be expelled!” Hermione got over it in half a second and joined in on lambasting Draco’s less-than-stellar introduction.

Neville made a soft sound of distress beside him and Harry decided this was enough with a pointed roll of his eyes.

“Draco, leave it be. Sorting, remember? McGonagall did say to smarten yourself up before we got to it and responding to schoolyard taunts doesn’t seem very intelligent to me.”

He said it to Draco but the other two clearly heard him by their startled expressions—and everyone else who’d been watching the fight unfold was looking at him curiously. Seems they didn’t recognize him which was good, but he’d unfortunately caught their attention by getting involved, which wasn’t optimal. With an internal eye-roll he realized Draco seemed to be the type to make a scene just because he could with no thought to the attention he was getting and realized this whole friendship thing was going to be interesting.

Draco luckily seemed to listen to him although he continued glaring at Weasley for all his worth—and Ron would’ve responded in kind if Hermione didn’t turn on him and start scolding him for fighting when it became clear Draco was off limits thanks to Harry and Neville standing too near the blond. Most people had distanced themselves from the ginger haired boy once the confrontation had started and none returned afterwards, especially when Granger started in on him—and he didn’t look to be having a great time under her care either.

“Y-you… you shouldn’t fight…” Neville got out uneasily, squeaking quietly when Draco turned to give him a look. With a somehow-graceful eye roll of his own Draco abandoned his glare-off and turned back to them, looking pissy.

“Honestly the nerve of that welp.” He sniffed haughtily.

“And here I was thinking you and Hermione would get along famously. You’ve both got an arrogance about you.” Harry commented ‘innocently’.

“What? Screw you Potter,” Draco sneered. “And I was talking about the freckled freak. He’s got no right to say who you should or should not hang out with.”

“What?” Harry lifted an eyebrow. “To be honest I didn’t hear what he said.”

Draco balked a bit. “Oh… well yeah, he said something to that effect. About how hanging out with… the wrong sort could get you in trouble.”

It took Harry approximately six seconds to realize what Ron had been getting at and scoffed audibly.

“Let’s be clear on one thing Draco—no one tells me who to be friends with or not. Most certainly not Ron, and not even you.” He smiled calmly at the gray eyes that paused a bit as his tone. “Thank you for sticking up for my honor or whatever Mr. White Knight, but I’m not interested in going to this school to fight. I’ll pick my own battles and Ron Weasley is not even on my radar of things to give a quaffle about right now. You told Granger to mind her own business, so would you hit me if I told you to follow your own advice?”

Draco looked like he’d just swallowed something nasty but then gave a dramatic sigh.

“Fine,” he groaned, going back to pouting like a child.

Honestly, this guy.

“…did you just use a quidditch term to curse?” Neville brought up curiously, and Harry burst out laughing.

000

“Abbott, Hannah.”

Okay, so a talking hat is pretty cool. Very clever, and if it can read minds then it’s an awesome way to sort people into houses. Not as troll but definitely cool enough.

Magic was still new enough that when the hat had started to sing Harry had grabbed onto Neville’s arm beside him in surprise, causing the both of them to stumble and several upper years stilling at the nearby tables had to muffle laughter so as to not interrupt the hat’s song. Neville had turned bright red but Harry’s self-depreciating, apologetic grin seemed to calm him some.

“Granger, Hermione.”

“GRYFFINDOR!” The hat shouted for the hall to hear, Hermione looking a little startled as she made her quick escape. Draco looked surprised too, given he’d announced that she’d for sure be in Ravenclaw.

Harry was only surprised for half a second though. While she’d been a loud know-it-all in the short time he’d known her, he’d also witnessed her planting herself in the middle of a fight and introduce herself to a whole train of new people in search of someone else’s toad. She might be smart, but she was way more bold than the traditional bookworm and given the hat’s speech he wasn’t shocked by the turn of events.

Names continued to drone on and then:

“Longbottom, Neville.”

The boy in question hadn’t let got of his death grip on Harry’s hand since they’d entered the Great Hall, and Harry gave him a reassuring squeeze before giving him a not-so-gentle nudge forward. Once he had some momentum Neville managed to get to the stool without much issue and put the hat on with slightly shaking hands.

A soft croak distracted Harry enough from watching for his friend’s result eagerly, forcing him to glance down and see a toad sitting on the stone where Neville had just been standing.

Oh for the love of—

He scooped Trevor up and slipped him into his robe pocket quickly and hoped not too many people noticed.

He was sufficiently distracted enough by the toad to jump a bit when the hat abruptly shouted “GRYFFINDOR!”

Harry quickly beamed and started clapping wildly, Neville looking stunned but softly happy when the hat came off and he made his way to a very loud table behind them.

“Malfoy, Draco.”

Okay, here we go, how funny would if be if he were in—oh and it’s over already.

The hat didn’t even properly touch his stupidly styled blond locks before it shouted Slytherin, almost as if it didn’t really want to waste time on an already done deal.

Harry fought so hard not to roll his eyes at the definition of smug expression on his friend’s face and was not sure if he succeeded. He wanted to make fun of the blond so bad as he waltzed over to the Slytherin table like he was honoring them with his presence, the arrogant prick.

Harry was equally torn between fondness and annoyance, between laughing and booing supportively at him. He’d wanted to be in Slytherin after all, so he was happy for his friend, but did he have to be a smug bastard about it?

Yes, apparently he did, because he was puffed up and positively preening at the table clapping for his arrival politely.

Note to self: I’ve befriended an attention whore.

In short order, only a few more names were called before clearly his name was coming up. He figured this was it when McGonagall paused just a second too long looking down at the list in front of her, but her face didn’t give a thing away thankfully.

"Potter-Monroe, Harry."

Oh, so that’s what the goblins meant by his name being official. Well, that’s one way to announce it to the whole school.

Immediately whispers broke out across the entire hall, and Harry wanted to sigh. He stepped forward instead, approaching the stool and being slightly surprised by the sudden silence.

He glanced around quickly at the abrupt lack of noise, and realized he was getting a lot of wide-eyed looks. From his fellow first years, from the upper years, and especially from the teacher table. There wasn’t a single teacher whose eyes didn’t startle when they landed on him—even McGonagall did a double-take.

The old man with a long white beard who had been watching the whole procession with a grandfatherly like expression with polite applause for every student who was sorted seem to raise his brows straight up into his white hair, although he collected himself the fastest.

He didn’t have time to evaluate all of their reactions because in a few short seconds he was on the stool and McGonagall had regained herself enough to lend him the hat. He did however watch one man with long black hair (which needed serious help, to be honest) choke on air when he saw him, which was by far the weirdest of all the reactions he was getting, but he didn’t have time to ponder over it at the moment.

They must have really been expecting him to look like his dad, like Draco had said, because it was very weird to have surprised literally hundreds of people all at once. He got a sinking feeling in his stomach that told him he had not quite grasped just how famous he apparently was.

His thoughts on the matter were derailed when a voice that was not his own suddenly spoke into his brain.

Hm, where to put you…

Wow, the hat is talking into my brain. This is so weird.

Glad to entertain, Mr. Potter. Now hush and let me consider this…

Harry very much wanted to ask how the hat worked but refrained from doing so. He sensed the hat was amused by this thought and thankfully didn’t comment on it.

Is it that hard a choice?

I've narrowed it down to two. You'd be decent in Hufflepuff and likely bored in Ravenclaw, though you'd hate neither of them. Your heart is pure Gryffindor for sure, but your mind has a spark that would do well in Slytherin.

I could be with Draco then.

He thinks to himself, and it’s not a bad idea. He planned to be friends with Draco no matter what house he was put in, but to actually be in Draco’s house would mean they could share a dorm and common room and simply have more time to hang out. It would be easier, and he liked the Slytherin ideals so he wasn’t against it and silently told that hat so. The hat seemed to give a mental nod of agreement.

Slytherin will lead you to greatness. You will become a powerful wizard in no time there.

Harry paused. A flood of doubt abruptly washing through him and seeming to take the hat off guard.

What’s this?

I… don't want greatness. I just want to be who I am.

Oh? A wise man once said some are born with greatness, some have it thrust upon them. It seems you are a mix of both. An unambitious Slytherin is almost unheard of, however when placed in that environment I see you will overcome this hesitancy and be great nonetheless.

I don't want to be great, I want to be ME.

What a Hufflepuff thing to say, the mental voice tisked. And here I've already crossed them off the list. Well, Slytherin will force you to become great, as they're all about politics and ambition. You'll need to be cunning to get far there, but what I'm gathering is that you don't want to put in that effort?

Well when you put it like that I sound lazy. He huffed back with annoyance. But I don't want to have to WORK to be friends or be accepted, I don't want to have to wear masks anymore. I know Slytherin and Gryffindor don't get along, but Draco is already my friend and I didn’t have to try for that, I could just let it be. If I go with Gryffindor because I don't want to have to pretend to be someone I'm not in Slytherin, someone who I could become but don’t necessarily want to become, that doesn't mean I can't still be a little bit Slytherin, right?

Given I just sorted that boy I wouldn't say you being personable is necessarily what prompted him to talk to you, the hat hummed in a very amused tone, but moved on before he could ask. And of course you could be someone of more than one house; if you are Gryffindor then you will only go farther as a person and a wizard by embracing the ideals of other houses. That is why the Founders hoped for after all, but thought having like-minded individuals to bolster yourself as a young man or woman would be more helpful. Four houses, but one school--one people. It will not be an easy task for you to branch out from whatever house you are in, but if you're sure about your interest in such a thing then I think I have made my decision.

Oh? And this house will help me?

Yes, I believe so. Simply think like a Slytherin and you'll figure out why. Better be… GRYFFINDOR!

It shouted the last word out for the whole hall to hear, and it erupted in cheers as the hat was lifted away, especially the supposed Gryffindor table. Harry’s eyes were drawn to the noise first and saw Neville smiling widely as he clapped for him.

Ah, I can give him Trevor back more easily this way. Wait—

Remembering a bit too late why he wanted to be in Slytherin, he snapped his head back over to the other side of the hall and seemed to lock eyes with a gray gaze, somehow finding him immediately amongst the crowd. Draco, for all his boasting of Slytherin’s cleverness, was very easy to read… and his big eyes were clearly disappointed. His smile was real and he was clapping, but Harry saw he’d been holding out to the hope that maybe they could’ve both been in Slytherin.

Harry resolved not to tell him that it’d been his choice. At least not until they survived being friends of rival houses.

And while he’d never regret nor apologize for his willing decisions, it didn’t mean he didn’t feel a bit guilty about what how his choices would impact Draco, and so he smiled his most apologetic, warm smile he could at his friend, which seemed to sooth the blond a fraction.

He finished up by moving briskly towards the Gryffindor table—being clapped on the back by some ecstatic Weasley twins out of nowhere and several people trying to shake his hand while Neville scooched over to make room for him by his side. He thought of Draco but knew the blond would be fine on his own for now, and that this wouldn’t change anything. He was a Gryffindor now, and took the opportunity to look around and greet his housemates properly.

The hat had said he was in Gryffindor for a very Slytherin-like reason, and so he was going to get to work and see what he could make of this turn of events in his new adventure.

000

Unbeknownst to him, a certain potions professor was watching the exchange and having a bout of deja-bu so intense he almost needed to lie down. As it was, he gripped the edge of the high table for dear life, his head spinning in the sheer, painful nostalgia that coursed through him.

When Lucius had said the Potter brat looked like Lily… Jesus Christ he hadn’t been exaggerating and Severus had not been nearly prepared enough.

But even at this distance, he just…

And oh, it got so much worse than just looking like her. Her hair, her face, her eyes…

So much worse.

When Lily had been sorted, she'd looked back at him with an identical look that her son had just given his godson. Apologetic, comforting, encouraging, hopeful. Hopeful that despite being in warring houses they could still be friends.

James Potter's son had been sorted into Gryffindor and instead of looking at his new housemates, the first place his eyes went was the Slytherin table—remorse and apologies spilling off of him as he made his way down from the stool.

Draco's composed, but clearly disappointed face was like a physical punch to the gut. It reminded him so much of his own emotions from what felt like a lifetime ago, he wasn’t sure what to do with himself.

The feast continued on, but Severus just sat in his seat, numb to it all as his past haunted him.





Chapter 11: Book 1 : Pride : 11




Harry, being conditioned to wake at absurd hours by force and then willingly getting up even earlier than that so he could have some ‘me time’ in the day when he wasn’t forced to either be at school or doing chores for the Dursleys (and in recent weeks early enough to read and respond to Draco’s letters), woke up a not so insignificant amount of hours before his dormmates. Despite having the comfiest bed he’d ever had the pleasure of sitting on much less sleeping on (having a bed at all, to be fair) he could not stop his internal alarm clock from forcing his eyes open before the sun had even started to lighten the sky outside the gorgeous gothic-style windows framed in rich red fabric. He’d kept the curtains of his own four-poster bed side open because he was far beyond sleeping in small dark places—the one window he got back in the shed had spoiled him and his new roommates didn’t care about which bed they got so he’d jumped at the chance to have the one between two of the largest windows that showed part of the grounds and part of the forest outside their confines.

The room was circular and spacious enough that each little pie-slice had enough room for the four-poster bed, the trunk at the foot of it, a desk, and a decent albeit small wardrobe. Some areas had windows above the desks, other had solid walls; Neville had taken the bed beside his so their desks were side-by-side, and both of them had windows on either side of their beds. Seamus, an Irish boy he’d met briefly the night before, got one window and some wall, while Dean, another acquaintance, and Ron Weasley himself both had walls. Dean was fine with this arrangement as he apparently brought several posters that needed to be hung and he’d need the real estate, while Ron on the far side of the room had mentioned he liked to sleep and ‘birds chirping’ or whatever he thought windows entailed would bother him. Neville hadn’t said a word but from the way he was hovering in Harry’s footstep the other boys hadn’t put a fuss—Seamus even moved one bed down without saying anything, like he’d simply decided to switch beds, therefore opening up two beds beside each other, which Harry thought was very considerate.

Seamus and Dean seemed like nice guys, though they hadn’t had much of a chance to talk last night since it was late by the time they got back from the feast and they were all practically in a food coma. They’d done the obligatory exploration of the spacious, frankly lavish-yet-cozy room, claiming their spots and getting settled in just enough to not be total messes come the morning, but had retired pretty quickly. Dean seemed muggleborn as his posters were of muggle football teams, but Seamus could’ve been anything as he was enthusiastic about everything he encountered, but not overly shocked either. Seamus seemed a little slow on the uptake sometimes since sarcasm clearly flew over his head, but he’d noticed Neville’s silence and been genuinely nice to him without getting in the shy boy’s face about why he wasn’t saying much. Dean had laughed at Harry’s sarcastic comments but didn’t engage either.

All in all, Harry was reserving judgement for the time being but figured if there was no big issue they’d be pleasant people to room with. He’d have to deal with it even if they turned out not to be decent too, since it seemed like they’d been dormmates for the next seven years regardless of if they took issue with one another or not.

Point and case: Ron leaving what looked to be half his trunk lying on the floor around his bed and what he thought was a rat scurrying over his already-messy desk. They’d been here less than 12 hours and Harry was honestly glad he was over there on the exact opposite side of the room because he was sure that’d get old fast. He’d spent most of his short life cleaning after all, and while messes hadn’t bothered him at one point in his life, about the time he got his act together and started taking pride in himself and his overall appearance and person, he got over that apathy and ensured his shit was together at all times. He didn’t begrudge messy people their personal space to be as messy as they wanted but that didn’t mean Harry was going to let it fly if stray shoes and quills started ending up in his space—Ron could do whatever he wanted in his bubble and therefore Harry would maintain his own space similarly.

Okay, calm down, no need to prep for a fight that might not even happen.

He took a breath and continued about establishing his new routine. Since getting up early seemed to be the thing his body did naturally now, he had plenty of time to sneak past Neville and Seamus to the door to the bathroom, which while only having one shower and one toilet also had a wall with about a dozen cabinets for the taking which Dean had started the trend of picking one and sticking his toiletries in there. Harry knew he was going to have more stuff than the typical guy (Ron’s cupboard had a toothbrush and a comb, to prove a point) so he’d taken the bottom-most two in order to be out of the way and put all the potions and soaps and shampoos the nice hairdressers had given him, along with two baskets of both Dell’s baubles and another filled with all his other collected shiny things. He also had like five combs and brushes and while he felt more than a little vain he loved his hair and he was going to take care of it no matter what opinions he got from his dormmates.

He felt even more vain when he realized he had all the time in the world before any of his sleeping roommates would even think about waking up and therefore spent all the time in the world taking a shower, washing his face, brushing his teeth, combing and fixing up his hair, covering his scar, and so on. He got up early to have time to do this on top of the Dursleys cooking in the morning and so to have so much extra free time felt good.

Having spent an exorbitant amount of time in the bathroom but fully pleased with himself and feeling better about the day, he slipped back out and was amused and saddened to see no one else had even twitched in their sleep yet although the sky was lighter outside and sunrise was probably within the half hour now. With a sigh he went back to his area and sorted through his clothes, quietly putting things away in his wardrobe (years of sneaking around while the Dursleys slept meant he could easily be silent when he wanted to, although now it was more for consideration than fear of punishment that kept him quiet) and sorting through his supplies for what he might need for his first day of classes. He arranged his desk into a nice little working station, although he kept all his books in his bottomless bag so he wouldn’t need to lug them around or come back here if he forgot anything.

By the time his new watch read 7:13, the sun was up, even if just barely, and he was properly bored. No one had said what time classes actually started but when he’d vocalized this thought last night Ron had in passing mentioned his older brothers mentioning it was 9-ish or something. His lack of certainty gave him anxiety, wondering if they were going to be late on their first day.

Well, he’d be less late given he was fully dressed and his bag packed, but still. This was poorly thought out, how they introduced first years to Hogwarts and all. First they’d only mentioned the password once and if you hadn’t been listening or had a bad memory you were screwed, not to mention they walked here late at night and it didn’t sound like they were going to get a map or a guide going forward so… just try not to get lost I guess? Then the lack of guidance about what time to get down to breakfast, what kind of things you need for the first day, anything other than ‘don’t go into the aptly named forbidden forest or up to the third floor for some horrible reason’?

This school had issues, that was for certain.

Harry was ripped from his thoughts by a loud banging on the door, nearly falling off his chair in shock and several voices of sleepy alarm calling out in shock at the sudden intrusion into their dreams.

“First years! It’s 7:30, breakfast has officially opened. Classes start at 8:50, you’ll need to collect your time tables down in the Great Hall— try not to be late on your first day.” A voice came from the other side of the door, and it sounded like the prefect that’d shown them the way last night. By the hair and freckles, Harry was guessing it was one of Ron’s older brothers (he’d wondered not for the first time how many Weasley children there actually were but was not the best terms with the youngest Weasley and was therefore not going to ask—he’d ask the twins later, they were more than nice to him both on the platform and at the feast last night when they’d continued calling him ‘Apples’ and took much glee in nettling him about how he’d surprised the whole school by being a red head like them instead of what ‘Harry Potter’ was apparently supposed to look like).

Harry didn’t hear a sound from Ron’s closed curtains, but Dean and Seamus were groggily flailing, trying to get their bearings and absorb what had just been said while still being half asleep. Neville had startled awake and was breathing fast, but quickly collecting himself—he was wide awake though from the fright he’d just had and turned to look at him in surprise.

“You’ve been up a while Harry?” He blinked the last bits of sleep and shock from his eyes, realizing the red head was full dressed and sitting at his desk.

“Yeah, I wake up early naturally. That’s good they wake us though, as I was concerned about the lack of a schedule.”

“I had thought that…” Neville agreed, but his expression clearly said he’d been too afraid to ask, much less question it.

Harry grinned widely. “Morning Neville—happy first day.”

The dark blond looked surprised but smiled happily back. “Morning Harry.”

It didn’t take long for the others to get ready, as guys who didn’t spend longer on their hair than it took to run a comb through it made great time when prompted by the promise of breakfast. The fact they had uniforms cut down on the getting dressed process too—the uniform concept in general Harry wasn’t thrilled with but the only plus side being he’d confirmed you could wear what you wanted in off-hours and the blood-red and gleaming gold tie and badge that’d appeared on his robes since he got sorted kind of matched his hair so… there was that.

Seamus had been the thoughtful, if naïve one who’d realized Ron hadn’t budged and tried to wake him, but got snapped at for his troubles. Apparently the Weasley wasn’t a morning person and while he was a considerate person, Seamus also didn’t give a quaffle about someone he didn’t know and who’d only proven himself to be rude—twice now. With the attempt made—and failed—he’d shrugged and turned to join them as they grouped up to go down to breakfast together with one last shout to remind Ron classes started at 8:50 just in case the boy hadn’t heard it the first time.

Harry thought that was very nice of him, but probably a useless attempt.

He’d been right about the lack of a guide or a map, but luckily between the four of them and one or two probably unnecessary detours, they made decent time and recognized the hallway they were in as the last one that lead to the Great Hall at just about quarter to eight. Harry was delighted to see a familiar blond head a distance in front of them, with a group of two others all wearing green and silver ties come up from an inconspicuous door that seemed to lead down. He remembered Draco mentioning the Slytherin dorm was in the dungeons and was wondering if he’d ever get a chance to sneak in and see it for himself because he wondered how they’d keep a place like that warm. Magic probably, be he was curious none the less.

“Draco!” He greeted, probably too loudly for the early morning but it got the three ahead of him to stop—the blond in question whipping around but the other two turning at a more sedate, but cautious pace. Harry just grabbed Neville’s hand knowing he’d be left behind if he didn’t and ran up to them, Dean and Seamus taken off guard but quickly following suit.

“Morning!” He greeted brightly as he came up to them at proper speaking distance, and pretty much everyone from both groups stared at him like he had a second head—with the exception of Draco who was very much only pretending to be casual, as Harry could clearly see the lines of tension in his shoulders. Oh well, he could get over it because they could stare at him all they wanted for being too friendly—if they stared because of his apparent fame then he’d take issue, but before then it truly did not matter to him.

"Harry." Draco greeted, his posture only very slightly tense but his tone his normal affluent self, if not slightly more so. Probably because he was showing off for his housemates, and Harry’s green eyes flickered over them curiously. One was tall and admittedly very handsome, with dark chocolate skin and very intelligent brown eyes measuring him back with equal, if not more intense regard. The other had mousy brown hair in tight curls, but blue eyes set into a sallow face the exact color and feel of solid ice for how frigid and uninterested they were as he did Draco’s somehow-looking-down-at-you-while-meeting-your-gaze thing. Neither looked thrilled to meet him and did not in fact say good morning back.

"This is Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott." Draco introduced with a wave of his hand at each of them, ignoring the way their eyes seemed to drift from Harry in order to pierce him silently with perfectly Slytherin-like blank, but meaningful looks.

"Hello, we sort of met at the sorting. I'm Harry." He greeted back far more friendly than they seemed willing to be, and did not say his last name. No need to call attention to it.

"Potter." The tall boy, Blaise, greeted anyway, rather curtly. Harry was impressed he actually acknowledged the greeting, but less impressed by the tone at which he’d said his last name.

Like a switch flipping, he automatically snapped a grin onto his face in a perfect show of friendliness.

“Monroe actually, if you would Zabini. Or you could call me Harry since any friend of Draco’s is a friend of mine.” He positively cooed with a tone that was far too sweet. Draco simply glanced at Blaise as if to say told you so while

the tall boy glanced at him without emotions and stared at Harry for that comeback as if reevaluating him. Nott behind him just let his pale blue eyes drift over the conversation blankly without saying a thing.

Harry cut off their calculating stares to turn to his own dorm mates.

"This is Dean, Seamus, and Neville!" He finished the introduction, the switch unflipping and his more earnest smile coming back just like that.

"’Lo," Dean managed to get out rather stiffly—if he was a muggleborn he probably didn’t get the Slytherin vs Gryffindor thing but was not stupid enough not the realize this conversation was tense. Seamus just nodded and Neville just made a squeaking noise. Harry decided to ignore the awkwardness and beamed at Draco to pointedly get to the point of him bothering to talk to this group of Slytherins at all: because Draco was his friend and he was hell bent on everyone being civil to each other regardless of if social norms had to go down in flames with him in order to get there.

"So you were right about Gryffindor being in a tower and all--I was a bit afraid we'd get lost on our first day which would be awkward," He chatted, and the blond paused only a couple seconds before smiling back. Still stiffly, but more like he smiled when they first met, as if he wasn’t used to doing such things and not because he didn’t want to.

"I'm sure you could get away with being a couple minutes late, given who you are."

He put on a mock-annoyed look "There's no way."

Draco snorted wryly, somehow still making that look delicate and refined. "Well we should get breakfast if you're so adamant about being on time. Apparently it's rare first years don't get lost on the way to their first classes."

He turned and started walking, sort of leading the charge with Harry sliding up to walk by his side and the others could only follow in awkwardness. He didn’t turn around to see how the Slytherins were—god forbid—walking cordially beside a bunch of uncomfortable Gryffindors but the mental picture was amusing enough to satisfy him.

"I can only assume Slytherin is far more put together than how Gryffindor does things; please tell me one of your Prefects gave you a hint or like a map or something?"

Draco laughed once as if he couldn't help it. "Oh, so they're expecting you to run around until you get entirely lost?"

"I'm starting to think that, yes."

"And why would I share trade secrets with the enemy," He said it blankly, but somehow Harry caught the joking undertone and gasped dramatically for effect.

"Is that what we are? Dearest me I probably shouldn't have said good morning then." He grinned, and Draco’s lip twitched which was pretty much the equivalent. "Pleeease?"He was not above begging, even if he was doing it playfully.

The blond scoffed, amused. "Fine, let's walk to our first classes together. Severus tells me Gryffindor and Slytherin are often together for some reason."

"Really!?" He got excited at that, still being a little regretful he’d actively chosen to not be in Draco’s house mainly because of the severe decrease in time they’d get to have together. Being in a lot of the same classes would alleviate that some. "If we have potions together, I can show you what I found in that book I was talking about."

"You do realize as a Gryffindor you're all but destined to fail potions, right?"

"But it's the most interesting one so far!" He pouted playfully, although he’d already known that from their letters. It wasn’t a lie—it seemed to be the most like cooking and he was good at cooking. One would think the skills would translate maybe. "If you're my partner maybe we'll cancel each other out."

"Why would I be your partner if it'll doom me to fail, or get me a worse grade?"

This boy is too easy, Harry cackled internally as he began to grin very slyly, and made no effort to hide the mischievous glint in his eye.

"Because you've touted your skills at potions so much I can only assume that even my Gryffindor curse won't affect how brilliant you are at your master subject, Mr. Malfoy." He was all but purring, laying the complementary tone on thick. Draco stiffened up and his cheeks dusted a light rose.

A sudden dignified snort caused them both to look back, in time to catch Blaise coughing lightly into his hand to cover up what was unmistakably a laugh at Draco’s expense. Realizing he’d been caught, he just lifted one dark brow pointedly at Draco, entirely unrepentant.

"He's got your number, Malfoy."

Draco scowled at him the boy, but Harry let out a peal of laughter that had the blond relaxing slightly. So the tall Slytherin had a sense of humor; that was good to know. The fact it came at Draco’s expense was a little concerning but Harry could work with that—Draco could do with a little teasing to bring him down a peg or two off his spoiled-brat persona at times. And Harry had intended to tease him out of fondness from the beginning, in any case.

He was still grinning as they came up to the Great Hall, that last leg of that journey taking no time at all. They were still in the early crowd, although the amount of Ravenclaws and Slytherins present was notable. The bookworms were likely eager to start classes while Harry got the feeling Slytherins were punctual to a fault out of sheer principle.

He also realized everyone was sitting at their very different, neatly separated tables, and his morning plans of chatting with Draco and Neville went up in smoke, his smile dropping immediately.

"Oh… I suppose we sit at our own house tables?"

"That's how it's done, yes." Blaise chimed in for the first time willingly, coming forward as if heading to the Slytherin table and pausing just to lift his eyebrow at the red head in front of him as if posing the challenge.

Harry frown at him but honestly couldn’t deal with him at the moment, turning to give Draco an apologetic look. "I suppose we have to get our time tables this morning… but I'm coming to sit with you at lunch!"

The entire group startled at that declaration, Slytherins and Gryffindors alike, though Theodore and Blaise hid it better. They were only eleven after all, like the rest of them, and Draco’s cool countenance seemed to be natural whereas theirs was just a tiny bit too forced. As if Draco’s straight posture was hereditary and theirs was because of a broomstick taped to their spines.

"Can you do that?" Seamus scratched his head at that thought.

"Don't know, don't care," Harry waved him off with a grin, glancing at Draco. "I kind of wanted to be in Slytherin; sorry the hat had other plans, Draco."

Yes, he said it for dramatic effect, but also to sooth Draco, and it clearly worked by his automatic grin at that statement—this one being more real than any he’d had so far this morning.

It was a bonus when the Gryffindors behind him made sounds like a badger being stepped on and the Slytherins looked legitimately taken off guard. Even Theodore who’d been one step short of glaring this whole time could only stare at him now. The unexpected but slightly entertaining side effect he hadn’t been counting on was a group of upper year Ravenclaws at the end of their table nearby who’d apparently been eavesdropping, choked on their breakfast and at least three of them needed to be clapped on the back to prevent from suffocating.

"Really?" Theodore spoke up for the first time, eyes scanning over him with an alarming intensity as if trying to figure out a particularly complex puzzle, but his gaze was anything but warm and his tone doubly frigid. "Why would you want to be in Slytherin? Aren't the Potters made of Gryffindor?"

Harry’s felt his smile instantly cool on his face.

“It’s Monroe, Mr. Nott.” The boy blinked, but then it was over and Harry was rolling his eyes in a relaxed way. “Not to be rude, but I kind of thought the whole point of me being famous was that my parents were, I dunno, dead? I've never met them so how am I supposed to know if they were Gryffindor-ish or not?" He shrugged a bit helplessly, and only partially for show. "And besides, Draco is my friend and he was always going to be in Slytherin—you saw the hat take all of not-even-a-second to sort him." Cue eyes roll at Draco puffing his chest up smugly. He put a finger to his chin playfully and glanced up at the enchanted ceiling as if a thought were occurring to him. "Ah, but when I said I wanted to be with my friend the hat called me a Hufflepuff and sorted me into Gryffindor instead. It was rather rude, to be honest."

The two stranger Slytherins just stared at him.

Eventually, Blaise shook his head and shot Draco a look before addressing him properly this time, with the frigidness left off the curling ends of his voice.

"You're an odd one, Potter." He told him pointedly as if daring him to take it offensively. Unfortunately for him Harry just smiled and put a hand on his chest as if flattered, which caused the taller boy to press his lips together thoughtfully.

"We should eat something, so we have time to get to our classes." Theodore smoothly changed the subject and started walking away from the conversation without another word or glance to the Gryffindors.

Draco cast him a wry look. "Later then."

"Later!" He waved, sensing the dramatic exit that the blue-eyed Slytherin was trying to make and let him have it—this time, snitch. He watched Draco go with one last parting smile and something wry in his muddled gray eyes. By the time he turned around again though, three of his new dormmates were staring at him with eyes like saucers. "What?" He demanded.

"They're right, you really are an odd one." Dean grinned at him, shaking his head in almost the exact same way Blaise had and moving towards the Gryffindor table to find some seats and some bacon amongst the delicious spread laid out for the taking. "I thought we were supposed to hate the Slytherins." He commented with no true amount of malice in his tone as he plopped down and Harry took the seat opposite him, with Neville clambering up beside him.

Harry didn’t have to go far to know where he got that idea, even if Dean was a muggleborn. Ron hadn’t done much so far but antagonize Draco—who reeked Slytherin even before setting foot onto Hogwarts grounds— before they were even sorted and then talk loudly about it at dinner (to which Harry mostly tuned him out but he’d been aware of the rant happening) and then even get a parting shot in last night as they were settling down, making some comment about how it was much comfier than some ‘slimy snake dungeon’. Harry gave exactly zero quaffles about what Ron Weasley said, but he was a bit annoyed to realize his venom was spreading.

He quickly decided to nip that in the butt with all due haste.

"Why would I hate people I've never met? Also, I already know Draco and he's my friend, and I kind of wanted to be in Slytherin so that'd be hypocritical."

"But aren't they all dark wizards?" Seamus chimed in, looking a little more troubled than Dean who didn’t seem to really care either way.

"Who knows? Doesn't mean I would've been one just for being sorted there, and that should hold true for most of them, right? Besides, they're first years. Do you know what you'll become in seven years? Cause I don't.” Cue pointed sip of the pumpkin juice that had appeared in front of him—how he loved magic! “It’s the same for them—no need to cast them as dark wizards when they're only our age and don't know any differently than we do about our futures, huh?"

Dean seemed to swallow that explanation with no issue, his expression acknowledging that valid point before he went to town on the waffle he’d just helped himself too.

Seamus was forgoing digging in but took a bite of his bacon with a conflicted, thoughtful look on his face. "…guess you're right." He eventually got out with a bit of patience on Harry’s part. Eventually he seemed to come to some conclusion and shrugged. "Getting along with them sounds like a lot less effort than hating them too, 'specially if we're going to have a bunch of classes with them."

Harry felt like beaming, but settled for smiling pleasantly as he took a bite of pancake. One glance to the side showed Neville picking at his oatmeal and placing raisins along the edges distractedly. He hadn’t spoken up of course, but dragging it out of him at the breakfast when it was their first day of magic classes was probably a bit rude and would overwhelm him. He shelved it but made a point to circle back to the shy blond before too much time had passed.

He shrugged the whole conversation off and let Seamus and Dean dissolve the topic into muggle football vs. quidditch—it seemed like they were going to be fast friends in no time since they were equally as enthusiastic about their sports as Draco was with quidditch and seemed willing to both share and learn each other’s passions. He knew enough about both sports to be able to contribute, but quickly got outshone when he realized he was definitely not nearly as much as a diehard fan as they both were. Magic was still new enough to him that he was mostly interested in the prospect of quidditch: flying seemed like the most fantastic thing about the wizarding world so far, and just a little prompting got him promises from both of them that first years would have flying lessons eventually to see if they had any skill or passion for it.

Neville hadn’t been thrilled but Harry most certainly was. It sounded fun, it sounded wonderful, and he was probably more excited for that that the actual classes in half and hour.

Speaking of, at just about 15 minutes from the point they’d need to leave in order to wander around this castle and find the right classroom, and the Great Hall was very much full of students who were essentially done with their meals and chatting away happily, McGonagall began going down the Gryffindor table handing out time tables. A minute or so later, Ron finally made his appearance with a very annoyed looking red headed prefect practically dragging him by the ear.

Aw, what a good older brother. Ron would’ve been absolutely screwed if his brother didn’t clearly notice his absence and be willing enough to baby him into dragging him down in time for classes. He knew Ron would’ve likely died on the spot had he missed breakfast by McGonagall’s very intense stink eye as she caught him walking up to sit at her table while she was handing out her students’ schedules. He wasn’t sure if this was a prefect duty or not to baby their house’s first years like this, but judging by the red headed prefect’s sour expression, Harry was thinking probably not. Or, at least it’d never been required before, or at least not that often.

Deciding he didn’t want to deal with Ron first thing in the morning on the day he got to start magical classes, he accepted his time table when McGonagall handed it to him with a wide grin that caused her to shoot him a suspicious glare, before calling a quick “Be right back!” to his dormmates and taking off towards the Slytherin table before Ron could fully reach them and sit down.

He was vaguely aware of a lot of eyes on him but promptly decided he did not care—not when Draco’s blond head snapped up at his approach and was suddenly out of his seat and meeting him halfway by the back of the Great Hall, obediently presenting his time table for Harry to snatch from his hand.

He compared them and promptly pouted.

“Eh!? You said Slytherin and Gryffindor were paired up a lot! Liar.” He huffed, and earned himself a regal eye roll.

“I’m sure twice seems like a lot for many Gryffindors who are less snake-inclined.” Draco drawled. “But remember Magic Theory and Astronomy are taught on year levels—all four houses will be in those.”

“Okay fine. Well we’ve got one today! We can go after lunch together.”

“About that—were you seriously planning on sitting at the Slytherin table at lunch?” He said it casually like it didn’t matter to him, but his eyes said a different story.

It tightened his resolve, not that a bunch of dirty looks and frigid eyes were going to stop him before, but it added fuel to fire, to say the least.

“I know, Blaise misses me already. Tell him not to worry, I’ll be back to bother him in no time.”

Draco’s face spasmed like he almost burst out laughing but controlled himself at the last minute, biting his lip and then smiling more calmly. “I’ll be sure to pass along the message.”

“Thanks Draco, you’re a doll.”

They shared a brief smile before Harry went back to commenting on their schedules and figuring out a game plan for the semester.

000

Draco was… painfully aware of all the eyes on the two of them since they weren’t exactly hiding. More like standing in front of the entrance where literally the whole hall could see him. Not that it wasn’t like he could feel a hundred eyes on his skin and whispers starting to circulate.

But, he held firm.

The warmth at Harry’s wide, content smile chased away the uneasy feeling like sunlight burning away cold morning dew, coming down like a Patronus in front of a sea of judgmental eyes until it really didn’t seem to matter anymore.

The new school year dawned on a September morning that felt particularly warm this year.

000

Snape’s entire being was melting from sheer frustration and other emotions he couldn’t place, to the point where the fork in his hand hovering over his as-of-yet untouched breakfast was in quite a bit of danger.

He hated being this spectator, who could only just sit here and watch. Not the he even knew what he would do even if he could get off the sidelines and do something already, but the sheet frustration was driving him up the wall. Or into one.

But all he could do was sit here and watch his godson be brave.

Brave enough to stand in front of the entire damn school and silently declare that yes, this Slytherin had a Gryffindor as a friend. Like he didn’t see the Hufflepuffs exploding in whispers like the gossips they were or the Ravenclaws dissolve into wondering what this might mean. Like he wasn’t shattering his reputation in Slytherin at this very moment with the eyes of the upper years growing colder by the second, or how some Gryffindors looked to be short circuiting as they couldn’t process what they were seeing—some got red faced, others just gaped dumbly. One Slytherin seventh year looked ready to kill, but settled for sipping his coffee darkly.

Slytherins lived to the hidden politics beneath he surface, and Draco was standing there with a calm, plain and genial smile that would’ve made Lucius so fucking proud had it be directed at a teacher or a politician, and yet…

…and yet Draco wasn’t a political yet, he was eleven bloody years old and Severus knew his godson well enough to know he wasn’t masking fear or anger or a lie to get his way. He was smiling like that because the boy wanted to grin like an idiot and had better control of himself than that. His mask was shielding happiness and warmth, not the things most Slytherins masked.

The upper year snakes recognized this, and their eyes met each other silently over their meals before going about their business without a word.

Draco had made a mistake, and he was going to pay for it. Severus wanted nothing more than to protect the child, but knew even he couldn’t stop this. Slytherin wasn’t the monsters the world made them out to be, but that didn’t mean they weren’t monsters in their own right, and only when they wanted to be. Very clever, very particular monsters who got their way in the end. Good monsters who didn’t get caught. Monsters who took a lot of pride in being the beautiful, refined beings that they were.

Severus loved Slytherin even to this day, now that he was grown and realized was a poor Slytherin he’d once been—the one who’d lost Lily in the end because he didn’t understand.

He was terrified that Draco didn’t understand. Not yet.

But he was absolutely positive that he was about to learn, and it wasn’t going to be pretty. He wondered what Lucius would do when that happened, and how he’d be blamed for not protecting the Malfoy heir. Like he even could in the face of this.

But absolutely worst of all… was that Severus knew in the deepest, pettiest part of him that he was ashamed to admit existed (and he was a very petty man, so that said quite a bit)… that he was also just a tiny bit jealous of his godson.

If only he had been brave enough to do such a foolish, terrible thing. Horrible as this coming lesson would be… maybe, Severus thought, maybe having Lily in the end would’ve made it worth it. He didn’t know, and he realized he would never know. Because he’d been a coward, and he’d thought of his own hide first and foremost… not risking being bold or anything Gryffindor-like even for just a second to be with his childhood friend.

Lily had made many attempts to be Slytherin-like and get along with his friends early on, he realized this looking back. Potter and Black had made damn sure that Severus never once approached a Gryffindor other than Lily with anything but hostility though. The disconnect, the dissonance that difference cause… well, Lily had given up on trying to like Slytherins other than him before their first year was out. She’d been kind and open-minded, but she wasn’t one to be trampled on and she knew when to call it a lost cause.

And maybe that’s why she’d given up on him eventually too.

The way Draco was looking at a boy who could’ve probably been a young Lily Evan’s twin said it all. Severus had spent a lot of his first half of Hogwarts looking into green eyes the exact same way, and when she said jump, he’d ask how high. If only he’d been a little braver to actually continue that as they got older and rivalries, jealousies, life got in their way.

He remembered waiting two weeks to seek her out again after their sorting… it didn’t look like her son was going to give Draco the option of running away or denying their friendship like Severus once had, and for some reason that cut into his heart sharply. It almost physically hurt watching a young red head with gleaming scarlet hair trailing behind them dash across the hall with a big grin on his face towards the Slytherin table and go collect his friend by force—if Draco hadn’t stood to meet him Severus was sure the boy would’ve plopped himself down in the middle of the snake pit just to be beside his godson, and for some reason that physically hurt.

This was all so familiar, so echoing of what once was… and yet… everything was different. It looked and felt like the same tragic story starting all over again but… this time—this time— the Slytherin was a bit braver, and the Gryffindor was a bit more aggressive.

Why hadn’t he been braver? Why hadn’t Lily been bolder? Why hadn’t he gone to her, and why hadn’t she come to him like her son just did, right in front of him and the entire bloody school?

Because that boy has James Potter in his blood. The same Potter who declared his love for Lily in front of the Great Hall not three weeks into first year. The same Potter who leapt off the astronomy tower on a dare and the faith that Black would catch him with a levitation charm with less than three months of magical training. This boy looks like Lily, but he’s reckless and aggressive like his father, unafraid to stand up for what he loves or blindly fling himself into his next grand adventure like the terrible bloody Gryffindor he was.

Severus was absolutely horrified at the thoughts that assaulted him absolutely unwillingly.

Even worse, because he realized they were all true.

He was out of the Great Hall so fast even the Slytherins didn’t seem him go, and all he knew was that he was glad he had no morning classes, otherwise every single one of those students who get a failing grade to start the new year.





Chapter 12: Book 1 : Pride : 12


Chapter Notes

I've seen people talking about what they imagine Harry to look like in this and so the links below are actually what prompted me to write this in the first place--all are mostly fanart from the BNHA fandom and obviously I imagine them all red in Harry's case. I figure he'll re-do his hair as he sees fit to get around to these styles eventually :P

https://www.pinterest.com/pin/725642558692218998/?d=t&mt=login

https://www.pinterest.com/pin/394346511118669886/

https://www.pinterest.cl/pin/831688256160582865/

https://www.pinterest.com/pin/170996117088688200/

Credit goes to the original artists!





Harry felt sweat forming on his brow from the intense amount of concentration it took to keep smiling innocently while McGonagall stared him down.

Draco had not exaggerated (for once) about the strict Transfiguration teacher who was now his head of house and who he was determined to get to like him—whether it killed him or not, and judging by the firm set of her lips it probably just might. He did not know why she was so suspicious of him since he had, as of yet, only smiled at her, but whatever the reason she’d been giving him the stink eye as she spent the first half of his first ever magical class drilling into them all the things they would not be doing in this class. Transfiguration was apparently second to only Potions in being the most dangerous magical subject to learn, and a few graphic horror stories later Harry was pretty convinced. When one could turn the air in your lungs into needles, or the blood in your veins to ink, you learned to be careful.

It’d make sense that she’d be so strict—she’d have to be to teach such a dangerous subject and be proud to say she hadn’t lost a student in over twenty-two years now. Wow.

Somehow, she was totally his type. Meaning difficult. Like Draco!

Also, she was super bloody cool. Ron had come bursting into the room quite late despite breakfast having ended the same time for all of them, and she was the bloody cat on the desk who’d been evaluating them far too calmly for a normal cat somehow. Like, people could turn into animals in the magical world. Harry suddenly knew what he wanted to be when he grew up and step one was getting his transfiguration teacher to like him enough to teach him that.

So, regardless of her staring him down and seeming to point every second or third warning she reiterated in his direction quite often, he just smiled as innocently as he could back to her and mentally went over what he knew of this subject from his textbook notes so far. He was pleased he’d guessed right when halfway through class she distributed match sticks and began walking them through the process of turning it into needles—he’d already read this theory and decided he was definitely going to get her to crack a smile at him.

He was excited beyond belief to finally be casting his first bit of magic but still managed to reel it in and act oh so mature and calm in front of her hawk-like eyes. As he drew his wand, he had half a moment of doubt wondering if knowing would automatically translate in being able to do magic… before realized that was absolutely stupid.

It was magic for crying out loud. If he thought he could do it, he most certainly could, because… well, magic.

So he grinned wildly and made the wand movement, saying the incantation precisely since she’d been so adamant about pronunciation, and was beyond pleased when his match stick immediately morphed into one perfect silver needle. Because he’d read the theory too, he knew visualization was critical, so it wasn’t just a needle either… he’d carved his name into the very tiny thin body. Because he was an over achiever like that.

He was so proud of himself he almost jumped at the sudden presence that seemed to materialize over him. He glanced up and smiled innocently at his professor who seemed to glare down at him warily.

“… five points to Gryffindor for being the first to change your needle, Mr. Potter.” She allowed almost reluctantly.

“Thank you, Professor.” He greeted her politely, still grinning. She only glared harder.

“…did you read ahead in this class, Mr. Potter?”

“Yes Professor.” Still as respectful as he could but unable to help himself: “What exactly is the transfiguration behind turning into a cat?”

“Absolutely not.” She immediately shut him down, one eyebrow lifting at him pointedly.

He gaped as if shocked by her implication while also knowing he was still obviously fighting back a smile. “I was just wondering about what kind of transfiguration it was is all! I know better than that—you were explicitly clear in your warnings the first half of class.” He insisted.

“Hm. I’m sure.” She deadpanned, not buying it for a second. “Since you finished so quickly you can write me a short essay on the theory of metal manipulation then.”

“Oh, so can I mention my engraving then?” He slipped in there carefully, watching her pause as she’d clearly been about to walk away and leave him to cause trouble another day.

“What did you say?”

“My engraving, see?” He lifted his needle to her and she took it, looking closely… and needing to adjust her glasses because the wording was so tiny… before her eyebrows arched.

“…impressive, for your first attempt at Transfiguration, Mr. Potter. The essay better be good then.”

He pouted. “Really? Can’t I ask about the metal-to-metal thing we’re theoretically going to be doing next class instead?”

She frowned. “What about it?”

“Is it any metal? Like, muggles have different categories of metals and like heavy metals which I’m not quite sure how but are totally different, and I was just wondering if magically speaking-”

He babbled on a bit, making sure his expression was clear but mainly watching her expression as she listened to his question and evaluated it. While she had a killer poker face, she was fractionally softer when he was on-topic with transfiguration… and not about advanced, potentially-dangerous transfiguration topics either. Hm, so talking shop was likely the quickest way to her good side. Not that it’d be too much of a problem, as he was nearly halfway through his Transfiguration text already and could probably stand to put in some more time on this subject if it got him some brownie points in her book. Dell had been very into Transfiguration as well, and her journals were anything but boring—he already had half an interest in this subject because of his reading there and it wouldn’t be too much of a stretch to turn that mild intrigue into something of an actual interest.

He recalled his earlier observation that specialized magic was more valuable and lucrative than being a jack of all trades. He’d have to see how the rest of his classes went this week, but Transfiguration had promise.

Promise for what, he still didn’t know. He was eleven after all, and had no current plans for his future, but McGonagall was on his list and so as he let his mouth run with his observations and musings on what he’d read so far and watched her shoulders relax from their suspicious hunch ever so slightly, he figured this was a pretty good place to start.

000

By the time the bell for lunch rang, Harry knew two things.

First of all, he liked McGonagall quite a bit. She had taken his babbled questions and his attempts to distract her with a calm look and then spoke to him like an adult—shooting down his theories one by one with cold hard facts and even giving him resources to go look up that would support her statements. She was also not swayed by his overachieving or distraction techniques as he still had to write that extra essay but now had less class time to do it. Admitting defeat, he’d taken the assignment in addition to their actual homework and vowed to get vengeance by crafting something with references that would at least get her eyebrows arching.

She was going to be a hard nut to crack but he was certain he’d get there.

Eventually.

He might be a seventh year before he got there, but he would die trying at the very least.

Secondly, he had also learned that History of Magic was boooooring. I mean, a ghost droning on about goblin wars!? He’d thought the textbook was outdated when he’d been skimming ahead and this just proved it and so much more worse things.

He couldn’t even deal with how bad that whole class situation was—why was a ghost allowed to teach, why was a ghost allowed to teach ancient history in a technically modern history class, why was a ghost allowed to teach who couldn’t call attendance later than a class that was probably in magical nursing homes already, why was a ghost allowed to teach who didn’t even notice their raised hands much less able to answer any of their questions, why was—!?

Jesus quaffling Christ, so many issues.

Harry couldn’t deal with his internal irritation and inflamed sense of injustice over it at the moment though because lunch was promising not to be a cake walk either, despite it not actually being a class. He pushed it aside in favor of striding into the Great Hall and fixing his eyes on his next great challenge:

They Slytherin table.

A bunch of children, pre-teens, and teenagers eating lunch shouldn’t be so nerve-wracking, but Harry knew this was going to be a thing. At least he had faith no one would throw a punch like if he were a Slytherin approaching the Gryffindor table, although retribution if he messed this up would probably be a lot more long-lasting.

And he likely wouldn’t see it coming.

Well, no time like the present.

Spotting his target (it wasn’t hard, in a sea of black a gleaming white-blond head was very noticeable even from across the hall) he walked calmly but with certain purpose down the aisle behind the table and the far wall and didn’t glance to see if anyone was giving him looks for getting too close. He was moderately successful as even Draco didn’t notice his approach until he was shoving his shoulder lightly to make room for himself and the blond jumped a little bit, glancing up at him with grey eyes quickly composed once more and a small smile on his lips.

Harry plopped down at the table and returned the smile. He was very much aware everyone in the near vicinity had stopped talking to stare at him now.

Draco seemed to carefully note the sudden silence and took another bite of his lunch pointedly as if this weren’t anything unusual. Harry shifted so his bag was resting at his feet, getting comfortable as if nothing were wrong.

After a couple solid seconds of silence, an upper year to his left couldn’t stand it.

"What is a Gryffindor doing here, Potter? Get lost." He snarled at the red head, hostility radiating off of him. He was probably a fourth year, and he looked decently pissed.

Harry stared at him.

And then continued to stare.

Draco smirked in a small enough way that only the upper years noticed as he continued his lunch, not interfering and knowing quite well his friend could handle this situation without his help. In fact he’d probably only just make it worse, so he kept his mouth shut and enjoyed his pasta—and the show.

The awkward silence dragged on. And on.

A full minute later the Slytherin fourth year shifted a bit uncomfortably at the searing emerald stare he was being pinned with. Just a small adjustment in their seat as he wasn’t sure why there was no response and unsure if he should be breaking eye contact first or not.

Harry smirked, considering this a win and confusing pretty much everyone watching; they had no idea why he looked so smug and they definitely did not like being on the outs of information. Harry just tilted his chin back triumphantly, which annoyed the hell out of all of them as they scowled internally, trying to figure out what they’d missed.

And Harry… was just messing with them. No one said anything else hostile so he turned back to Draco with a wide smile, totally ignoring the fourth year’s sharp comment.

"Anyway, how was Defense? That's the one I'm second most excited about; was it mostly theory since we're first years?"

Draco blinked once at the sudden change in attitude but finished swallowing his last bite and gave a put-upon sigh, accepting all the social blunders Harry was gleefully committing like they were popcorn and giving an easy one-shouldered shrug.

“Boring, actually. The professor has a stutter and we could barely get a word straight from him. Seems terrified of everything he was going to teach us about."

"Eh? What a horrible teacher, if you can't even understand him." Harry frowned, thinking back to History of Magic and decided he needed to start making a complaint list. He wondered if the Headmaster would care if he sent him a list of complaints or if that was too presumptuous. He also wondered if he cared if the Headmaster thought he was a presumptuous little gremlin or not since he didn’t exactly have fond feelings for Mr. Dumbledore at this moment in the first place. He shook those thoughts off quickly before he could spiral: these were later thoughts. "That'll be annoying. Is the subject matter interesting at least?"

"A bit. Magical creatures and dark monsters and such, can't go totally wrong with that I suppose. The defense and attack spells sound like they're going to be more fun, but it'll be a while until we get to that."

"What the hell is going on?" Another upper year girl asked the universe at large, having been thrown by Harry’s impromptu staring contest with the guy across from her and no one seeming have recovered enough to understand that the two first years discussing their classes were full on ignoring them. It seemed to be an incomprehensible thought to them all, and they had in fact not stopped staring or resumed eating since he’d sat down.

That was going to get old fast.

Luckily Draco was quick to catch on and imitate Harry’s flippant attitude and gave the girl a very impressive porcelain mask.

"Ah, lunch?" The you’re an idiot tone was completed with one white-blond eyebrow cocking pointedly in her direction. Harry could only dream of being that sassy really, and he supposed befriending a spoiled brat had its upsides. He smiled widely at this thought.

"Yes, but why is he eating lunch with us." The girl snapped back, referencing Harry in the same tone that one might refer to a severed toe or a stray pile of human excrement.

He didn’t much like that tone and felt his too-cheerful smile slide into place on his lips like a chef’s blade sliding home into a knife block.

"I'm having lunch with Draco because he's my friend and you're eavesdropping. It's a bit unsubtle for a Slytherin, in my opinion." He said in the same tone one might comment on the weather or the lovely color of their sweater that morning. The words were sharp as needles though, and the upper year on Draco’s other side had just taken a bite of his lunch since this stand-off didn’t seem to be dwindling anytime soon, and choked violently on it.

Even Draco shifted his grey eyes at him as if to silently ask what he was doing, but Harry just pointedly turned to Draco, his body language loudly and clearly saying he was talking to the blond—and no one else.

"Then again I'm a Gryffindor and woah boy you were right that they are not the quick on the uptake. You'd think sarcasm was another language entirely."

Draco let out a slightly startled laugh, not having seen that bout of humor coming. Surprisingly, so did Blaise—who was sitting across from them and by the time they looked at him had his hand over his mouth once more as if to hide the fact he’d laughed.

Again, the tall boy realized he’d been caught and shrugged once, seemingly graceful and unperturbed although Harry was quick enough to note that it was in fact rather forced.

"Sorry, but that's just funny." He dismissed as if that weren’t a criminalizing statement to admit a Gryffindor—and Harry freakin’ Potter at that—had said something amusing while encroaching on Slytherin territory. He had a very good poker face, or at least his ambivalence was earnest, which was very interesting. From what Draco had told him, first years were a little more on-guard than that even in their own house— like Theodore who had yet to even look up from his lunch to acknowledge Harry was sitting there. Draco was the exception of course, but Blaise was… a curious case.

Harry grinned at him widely.

Blaise stared back, dark eyes watching him with that poker face that gave nothing away. Unlike Draco’s regal apathy, but more as if he were actively considering something and yet hiding his thoughts.

After a long few moments, he slowly returned to eating and joined Theodore in ignoring his presence. The other Slytherins seemed to realize this was the best tactic to preserve their dignity and their tight time schedule since they needed to eat before afternoon classes, and so also slipped into all pretending Harry wasn’t even there.

There were glances exchanged though that told Harry this was far from over. He didn’t think it’d be that easy anyway, and Slytherins, he was quickly learning, were kings and queens at the phrase choosing your battles.

Harry wasn’t going to concede the war so easily though; he could choose his battles just as carefully if need be.

"So can you tell me more about Quidditch? Seems like that all my dorm mates talk about and I'm still not sure about all those details. And try outs are next week! I've never flown before, but it sounds exciting. You said you've been flying a long time, right?" He chirped conversationally to Draco as he took a bite of his lunch, and blond’s quick eyes taking in the situation and seeming to come to the conclusion it couldn’t hurt to play along for now—Harry had won this battle.

"Yeah, we have a field by our manor I've been flying most my life."

They continued to chat lightly about inconsequential things, and while the table in general was uncomfortable and slightly too tense to ignore, no one else said a thing about Harry’s presence for the rest of the meal.

000

He had three classes today: Transfiguration first, then History of Magic, and after lunch Magic Theory which was apparently only a first-year class that all four houses took together. Each block seemed to be about 90 minutes with 10 minutes to get from one place to another which didn’t seem like a lot since he had no idea where any of these classes were but figured it’d likely get easier once he got the layout of the castle—getting from Transfiguration to History of Magic was a bit sketchy since he didn’t have Draco to tag along with, but (un)luckily Binns likely wouldn’t noticed if he were late, much less if he never showed up at all. After lunch, he trailed along with the Slytherins to Magic Theory as they all seemed to know where to go. Their prefects were probably more explicit with their directions or they’d been given a map that none of them would admit to using.

Magic Theory itself was taught in a rather large classroom and it took Harry about 20 minutes to be bored. This was apparently a class you could take as an extra-curricular after first year but Harry crossed it off his list almost immediately. All they did was talk about the thoughts and intents behind magic which should’ve been really cool but the Professor—a one Aurora Sinistra who was also evidentially the Astronomy Professor—spoke about it like this was a therapy session, going on and on about feelings and intent.

Harry had already proven he had the ‘intent’ part down in Transfiguration this morning and while he took some cursory bullet-point notes automatically just because, he stopped paying true attention quickly. He noted that almost every pureblood and half-blood he knew of in the room was also either staring out the windows or writing notes back and forth to each other. He figured if you grew up knowing about magic then this was a really stupid class to have to sit through, but everyone had to take it so they were all on the ‘same page’.

Nice as the intent was, Harry got a feeling if they wanted muggleborns to be ‘caught up’, they should spend this time talking about the magical government or basic day-to-day magic things they didn’t grow up knowing. How to actually perform magic seemed like a bit too nebulous of a topic to spend a whole year talking about when this first class could be summed up in ‘just go with it and believe you can do it’ which would pretty much suffice for magic in general and let other classes get into the specifics of what a spell might require.

Draco sat beside him and passed him notes basically the whole class, both taking notes because that seemed to be the proper, academic thing to do and never let it be said the Slytherins weren’t good students even if only in appearance. Harry caught several of them taking notes but also multitasking in writing to each other, while other houses were less subtle and half the Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs weren’t taking notes at all.

The girl in front of him—Hermione Granger, he recalled—who’d helped Neville on the train, was taking pages of notes though, which he thought a bit excessive but to each their own.

Halfway through class he was almost yawning from a full lunch and this boring class, and started to draft his Transfiguration homework(s) under the guise of taking notes. He had a feeling this and History of Magic was going to be great study halls to get ahead on his more interesting work.

000

"I wouldn't…"

"Hm?" Harry stopped what he was doing, lifting the watering can in his hand before he could dowse the fluffy plant in front of him with water.

His first day at a magical school had gone relatively uneventfully, aside from lunch with the Slytherins. After Magic Theory he and Draco got their first taste of the Hogwarts library to finish the homework they’d been assigned already, and thanks to his head start in Magic Theory had more than enough time to do both his Transfiguration homeworks before dinner (and he was pretty proud of some of the references he’d found to support himself, having checked them out for his own reading sometime in the next couple weeks too). He hadn’t pushed his luck and had dinner at the Gryffindor table, and then spent the evening in the common room letting Seamus and Neville teach him and Dean some magical games, like exploding snap.

The Weasley twins had joined in too, and they were quickly becoming some of his favorite people. They were definitely the life of the party in any room and several second and third years had joined in not long after too, drawn in by the chaotic laughter and excitement the twins could easily whip into a frenzy, so it’d been a great night and a great start to the year. Even Neville had been laughing freely by the end of the night, which made Harry feel all warm and fuzzy.

This morning dawned the second day of the school year and another new class: Herbology. It took place in the green houses and they were paired with the Hufflepuffs, who seemed to be content to just go about their business pleasantly. Despite him still not knowing his way around the school, Neville had seemed fully aware of where he was going when they left breakfast; something Harry had noted but didn’t really pay attention to.

Now though, he was starting to realize something as Neville used one finger to lift the tip of his watering can spout up to stop any water from hitting the plant he’d been about to dunk in fresh rainwater.

"They like drier dirt—if it's too wet their roots will mold and they won't grow very big. Professor Sprout already moistened the dirt we used." He explained, not a stutter in sight and with his blue eyes meeting his own steadily for the first time since Harry had met him three days ago.

Harry blinked, then grinned.

"Neville, you didn't tell me you liked Herbology!"

"W-well…" And the it was back, the tips of his ears tinting pink as he looked down awkwardly.

"I gardened a lot back at my relatives too—got me out of the house you know—but they were all muggle plants. Magical plants are a foreign language to me though." He chatted casually, wanting to encourage his friend, not tease him out it.

Neville just fiddled with his own plant that was much more neatly potted than Harry’s own.

"…yeah. I don't know much about muggle plants either." He admitted slowly.

"How about a trade? I'll tell you about my aunt's rose bushes and you tell me about these manaculas."

He paused for a couple seconds… then smiled timidly, glancing up at him with a lot softer and less afraid expression than he normally had.

"Sure." He agreed softly.

"Also, you're absolutely going to be my partner for any big projects we have in this class." He announced with a grin, earning himself an earnest laugh from the blond.

"Fine by me. That means you're going to be my partner for any Transfiguration projects we have." He countered more easily than he normally did, but Harry was too surprised by the comment to think much on it.

"Transfiguration? Why? I mean sure, I don't mind, I just didn't think I was anything special at that class." He shrugged.

Neville turned to fully face him and give him a very baffled, slightly exasperated look.

"You got your match to a needle on your first try, remember? And you talked most of the class with McGonagall about the theory behind it."

"Oh." Well, true, but it wasn’t out of desire to be great at Transfiguration—at least not at first and not even now for the sake of the subject. He had plans after all and Transfiguration was just a means to an end. "To be totally honest I was trying to get on her good side—it was like a personal challenge. I didn't think that much of Transfiguration, but it seemed simple enough."

The blond looked down again, fingers lightly touching a leaf of his plant almost tenderly.

"I never got mine to turn the whole time, and even practicing now it's only slightly pointy instead of actually a needle." He admitted in a voice soft enough to be a sigh "But you definitely made a reputation for yourself as being good at it. Ah…” he bit his lip as if trying to stop from smiling and grimacing in one. "I'm pretty sure that's why Hermione blew you off."

Harry blinked, automatically glancing across the greenhouse but the frizzy-haired girl was buried in a conversation with another Gryffindor girl—Lavender, Harry thought her name was— who didn’t look thrilled to be talking to her. Either Hermione didn’t notice or didn’t care, though Harry thought it’d be funnier if she didn’t care. She’d be his type of person to do whatever she wanted no matter public opinion, but she’d be the type of person he didn’t like if she just didn’t notice, and he had a wiggling feeling he knew which was the case.

“Hermione blew me off?” He repeated, baffled. “When did this happen?”

Neville was giving him another exasperated look and Harry hoped this wasn’t going to become a habit.

“You invited her to play exploding snap with us last night and she essentially told you not to interfere. I’m not sure what you were interfering with, but she was doing homework I think?”

Eh? He didn’t remember that at all.

“No recollection of that.” He shrugged, and Neville smiled wanly, clearly amused.

“You know, for someone so observant it’s really impressive how you manage to just miss when people are being mean to you.”

That startled a laugh out of him, because he had to admit it was true. “Some things are not worth paying attention to. If they don’t rank on my ‘people I care about’ list then things they say go in one ear and out there other.” He explained, knowing this was mostly thanks to the Dursleys. At least, he’d gotten a lot of practice with them over the years, of letting their words wash over him and make no lasting impact. “It doesn’t shock me—I barely know her. Though why me transfiguring a needle got me on her bad list, I’ve no idea.”

“She mentioned at lunch yesterday that she was top of her old school. She told Lavender that when McGonagall came to show her the magical world she’d said she was likely the brightest witch of her generation.” Neville relayed, and alarm bells went off in Harry’s head.

First of all, McGonagall showed Hermione the magical world? And he’d gotten Hagrid? I mean, he loved Hagrid, but that system was messed up if that was the different in guides muggleborns were getting seemingly by chance.

Secondly, having a wallflower friend who listened to everyone and that no one really acknowledged was going to be really handy. He wanted Neville to branch out of course, but he realized while Neville kept quiet and really only talked to Harry himself, he had a great way of gathering information if he needed it, particularly within Gryffindor which would be helpful.

Thirdly, it was pretty damn funny in a sad way that jealousy was going to be Granger’s go-to here. I mean, a new start in a magical school and she’d given up on being his friend because he’d one-upped her in one class. Because she thought so highly of her own intellect, which was just hilariously pathetic. Suddenly, her taking pages of notes in Magic Theory was cast into a new light and he couldn’t help but roll his eyes—she was going to burn out young, and alone at that, if that was her MO then.

"That girl is too much. Okay, whatever, I'll take your word for it, but for the record I really don’t care. Let's do our homework for this and Transfiguration later together and see what we can't get done." He suggested, and Neville smiled like he’d expected Harry to say that and was entertained by it.

"Sounds good."





Chapter 13: Book 1 : Pride : 13




“It’s finally getting interesting—I swear, after History of Magic and Magic Theory I was starting to get really worried, but Charms is so cool! And Professor Flitwick is incredibly nice, although he did fall off his stool when he read my name.” Harry babbled happily, tacking that last part on with a frown. He’d been mentally debating telling the tiny professor to call him Monroe like he did with everyone who made a big deal of his famous status, however Flitwick got over it pretty quickly, so Harry had let it slide.

“Ah, Filius was so excited fer ya to start—Charms was yer mother’s best subject and she probably would’ve been a Master in it if it weren’t for the damn war,” Hagrid unwittingly soothed his internal annoyance away like firelight melted snow, pouring him another cup of tea—not that he needed it since he’d never finish the liter-sized cup of earl grey before it was ice-cold. Harry found himself forgiving the tiny professor begrudgingly; it was one thing to be gawked at for being the Boy Who Lived, but another if he were excited simply because he was his mother’s son. Maybe he’d be willing to speak about her, since if what Hagrid was implying was true then the Charms Master must’ve known her well.

“I don’t know enough about the class to know if I’m any good at it or not yet, but we’ll see I guess.” He shrugged as Hagrid sat himself back down and pushed a plate of rock cakes his way. Harry simply kept nibbling on the one he’d taken when he got here. Rock cake was a very apt name, but they were pretty tasty once you got through the solid-stone of an outer shell.

“I heard from Minerva that yer a right prodigy at Transfiguration—ah, though don’t go tellin’ her I told ya tha’!” Hagrid chuckled, and Harry smiled plainly.

He was pleasantly surprised to get the invite to tea at Hagrid’s, and ditched everyone without a second thought to track down the man’s tiny little hut—he’d needed directions from Professor Sprout but once he saw it he couldn’t imagine how he’d missed it. It was tiny and warm with a big fire in the middle of a rather warm September that for some reason he really just didn’t mind. Plus, Hagrid had showered him in tea and homemade rock cakes—sitting down with a big blanket he was crocheting and letting him rant his head off about his classes so far. The giant of a man and his ferociously named hound Fang (who was now curled up contentedly at their feet) felt like a little world of their own compared to the large castle looming over them where the hut rested nestled in the shade of the Forbidden Forest.

The home itself was colorful, slightly off, cluttered, and homey. Harry loved it and found he loved Hagrid even more than he already did—he could just imagine his parents as students sitting in this same seat and politely refusing more rock cakes as Hagrid lent them an ear. He was a kind man who seemed willing and happy to treat everyone with the same kindness and openness he showed his closest friends—which meant you felt welcome in his tiny little hut within seconds of stepping inside. Harry loved it.

But he was also careful: as much as he loved Hagrid, and the man was just an enticingly gentle, open-hearted ear, he could not hold a secret. He was also privy to the teacher faculty room, so Harry was quickly learning more about his professors than he was sure they’d like him to know.

And he wasn’t even in Slytherin officially—they’d really hate how much he was learning here if they knew how close he’d come to going to the snake’s house.

Regardless, Hagrid was someone you felt compelled to trust and be open with, but Harry knew where to draw the line. Classes and classmates, homework and his time here in the castle, it was all fair game. Certain things though… well, as a general rule, if he didn’t want Dumbledore knowing about it, he didn’t tell Hagrid. Simple as that.

But even with how much he held back, tea and good company was never a waste of time, and he was enjoying his time with the giant man.

“I won’t,” he promised with a wide, albeit blank smile. If it became important for leverage on the Transfiguration teacher later down the road, he absolutely would tell her without a second thought—but Hagrid would forgive him, he was sure. “I do like Transfiguration too, although I got into an argument with her and she gave me extra homework,” he huffed.

Hagrid chuckled. “Minerva used ta say James was a Transfiguration prodigy too, but he never put in tha’ effort really. Used to driver her up tha’ wall!”

“So my dad was good at Transfiguration, and my mom Charms.” He put together aloud, mulling that over. He had a lot in common with his mother, he was slowly learning, so having something in common with his dad wasn’t a bad thing. Plus, it was interesting, and Dell’s tales renewed his interest every time he read them. “I guess I like those two best so far, but I’m definitely better at Transfiguration. At least we’ve done some magic in it to know what it’s about.”

“Some students jus’ like the action bit.” Hagrid shrugged easily. “How abou’ Defense then?”

Harry rolled his eyes. “Professor Quirrell has a stutter—I couldn’t understand a word he said. And it was mostly just reading from our texts which I prepped for, so nothing new. I don’t think I’m going to learn anything in that class.” Plus, almost immediately upon entering the classroom he’d gotten a headache, which Neville was very concerned over. Harry blamed the garlic smell and poor lighting with his equally poor eyesight even with his magical contacts—it happened Tuesday during his first class, and again just an hour ago at his Thursday afternoon class. So it was clearly related to the room or something, though he couldn’t pinpoint it.

Neville turned out to be a bit of a worrywart though, and although he hadn’t said anything aside from one soft suggestion that he go to the Hospital Wing, had then stood silently beside him and given him the saddest more unfair set of disappointed puppy dog eyes until Harry couldn’t take it anymore and excused himself from class to go lie down—if only to pacify his friend since he really did feel much better literally minutes after leaving the room.

He wondered if he’d get in trouble for skipping classes at a magical boarding school—if Quirrell would even notice as he hadn’t taken attendance after that first class and had let him leave early both times with so much of a stutter, Harry had already left before he got his ‘y-y-y-y-y-y-es’ out. As Draco had warned him, the class was interesting in theory but since they wouldn’t be learning spells for at least this year he saw little point in actually forcing himself to endure headaches like that. Maybe he could work out a deal with Madam Pomfrey…

And despite the surprise Neville’s mother hen traits were, it was not that he didn’t mind the moment to rest: Astronomy was held at midnight and he was still an early riser so that was definitely going to take some getting used to. He thought it was kind of stupid, to have a class that late on Wednesday night, and then they’d just announced that flying lessons would begin next week on Thursday afternoons, so the current hour Harry was wasting down at Hagrid’s. It was poor planning on someone’s part because he was already tired as hell from the sudden lack of sleep and then adding something dangerous (as McGonagall had implied) like flying and he failed to see why this was a good idea for eleven-year-olds. Astronomy couldn’t be on a Friday, for example, when they didn’t have to get up and get on with the rest of the week? And it wasn’t plenty dark enough at 10pm instead of midnight to see the stars?

He huffed and took another sip of his massive tea, adding another point to his mental list of ‘what was wrong with this school’. He wasn’t sure what he was going to do with that list but he was going to keep track none the less.

Astronomy itself was fine. Memorization and squinting at stars while trying not to yawn or fall asleep was fine for him, but not interesting in the slightest. He also wasn’t 100% sure on the relevancy of the stars on magic just yet, but figured they’d get to it once they had the memorizing bit under their belt. The best part was definitely that it was all four houses, and he’s dragged Neville to sit beside his new Slytherin “friends” (meaning Draco who was his friend and Blaise and Nott who’d been doing their best to ignore him since they realized they wouldn’t get anywhere by being passive aggressive and were not yet willing to be outright aggressive in telling him to get lost).

Slytherins were good students, but not out of love of learning but because they seemed a bit particular about perfection. Draco had the style and the grace about him, but Blaise was definitely the effortless one: slightly less graceful but he didn’t have to try nearly as hard as Draco did to be good at school, sort of like Harry. Nott had not looked his way since their first day so jury was still out on him, the silent weirdo.

Blaise was also a talker, but trying very hard not to be, especially when Harry was nearby. Still, Harry had caught him biting down smirks or laughs at some of the things he and Draco talked about and making tiny facial expressions that said he was definitely eavesdropping on them. He’d also had a moment in Charms this morning when he’d gone off about one of their homework questions and how he was technically correct even though Flitwick marked it wrong, and he was into it for about two minutes before he realized he was addressing Harry as well as the other two Slytherins and snapped his jaw shut, returning to their assignment without acknowledging what he’d just done.

Yes, Harry planned to win him over too, and he wasn’t half as hard as McGonagall was. Draco just seemed amused by the whole thing, which was a plus. The blond had been very hard to make smile since they got to Hogwarts, but more tense than Harry had ever seen him before so the moment he could lighten up (even at Blaise’s expense) Harry was thrilled.

He had a suspicion about what Draco was so tense about, but he knew his butting in wouldn’t be appreciated, so he kept his mouth shut.

“But all yer other classes good then? Excited about flyin’ lessons?” Hagrid broke into his spiraling thoughts, and Harry flashed him a grin.

“Yep. Seamus said he found my dad’s name on a trophy in he award hall; apparently he was a good player?”

“Yeah ‘e was! One o’ the best chasers in a long while, but more entertainin’ than anythin’. He was a bit o’ a class clown, ya know?”

Huh.

“I didn’t. I’ve never really been the class clown for anything.” He frowned. Not that he didn’t enjoy class clowns, but even if he didn’t have the added motivation of never causing the scene and pissing off the Dursleys, he’d never felt the desire to disrupt class or crack a joke in the middle of a class-like situation. He didn’t consider himself unfunny, but he wasn’t the comedian of a crowd. It was foreign concept to him.

“You know the Weasley twins then, ya?” Hagrid prompted and Harry felt thrown by the shift.

“Uh, yeah. Yes of course, they’re really nice.” And they were: they were some of the only people who’d never once asked about the shiny pins he wore in his hair or stared at him when he walked by. In fact, they still called him Apples and seemed to get great joy in doing so: a childlike, thrilling joy that got everyone around them grinning too. Plus, they were royal pranksters: they’d been here four days and he’d already seen three pranks that no one wondered who the culprits were. He found them extremely enjoyable.

“Yer father and ‘is friends were a lot like that. Wild, smart-alec pranksters: drove Minerva up tha’ wall! I spent mosta those days chasin’ ‘em away from tha’ forest, cause they were too damn curious fer their own good. Musta spent a hundred detentions with ‘em too!” He let out a booming laugh and Harry’s felt his eyes grow wide.

He…his dad…?

There was so much to unpack there he opted to shelve those thoughts and come back to it later. He settled instead for going after another sip of his tea, letting that train of thought die before Hagrid could launch into another story or elaborate.

On cue, Hagrid took the silence as a natural cue to move topics—probably not aware of what he was doing but very good at small talk and able to follow the course of conversation easily enough.

“Ya got yer firs’ potions class then tomorrow. Prepared for it?” Hagrid chirped conversationally, and Harry played for time by taking his time on his sip of tea—a huge task given the size and weight of the massive tea cup.

“I was excited for it since it definitely seemed like the most interesting of all the classes, and I like cooking so kind of thought the two skills would relate. Everything I’m hearing about Professor Snape though makes me nervous. And he clearly isn’t fond of Gryffindors—I heard the rant he gave the Weasley twins when he caught them for their prank at breakfast this morning. Sounds like a real piece of work to me.”

“Hes’ got a bit o’ a reputation, fer sure.” Hagrid allowed. “Was always a weird kid too, kept to ‘imself mostly. If memory serves he didn’ like James at all but he was friend with yer mother at least when they were firs’ years I think. Caused a real ruckus, a Gryffindor and Slytherin bein’ friends and all.”

Harry blinked wide, trying to wrap his head around that. Snape had been friends with his mom?

Wait…

“Okay, so sort of like Draco and I?” He prompted and Hagrid had the decency to look abashed. The giant man had been clear of his distrust of the Malfoy family in general, but after an hour of Harry talking about his friends—Draco in particular—he seemed to just give in to the idea that Harry wasn’t about to not be friends with Draco just because of a stupid rivalry. And Hagrid—the sweet oaf that he was—seemed to treasure Harry’s friendship more than his grudge and had come full-circle to actually being polite when mentioning the blond Slytherin. He was blissfully easy going like that, it seemed.

“Ah, true,” he relented. “Not sure what ‘appened though. Turned out ta be a genius at potions but he’s an odd one fer sure. You’ll find mos’ Gryffindor upper years got nothin’ good to say about ‘im.”

“I got that feeling,” He sighed. Snape reputation was infamous, and Harry was making his rounds around the school like the social butterfly he decided he wanted to be and so he got a lot of details he kind of wished weren’t going to end up being true. Heck, even the Ravenclaws warned him Snape was a bully towards Gryffindors, and while they weren’t the sort to lambast someone with insults or speak back to a teacher because of injustice, their very serious, quietly hushed warnings spoke volumes.

He wondered. If the odd bat and his mother had been friends in warring houses, but only in the beginning… maybe there was a falling out? And the implication he didn’t like his dad was unsettling too. Seemed he had quite a bit stacked against him in particular—or maybe Hagrid was just reminiscing about Lily Evans and James Potter in particular given their son was sitting in front of him, but Snape hated everyone equally.

Harry had a feeling that his luck wasn’t that fortunate. It was the same gut feeling he got when watching Dudley’s gang from across the street and hoping they wouldn’t see him or just decide to leave him alone that day—when his stomach sank he knew better than to ignore that instinct to run.

Well, nothing he could do but wait for tomorrow and find out for sure. So, he heaved up the giant teacup to take another drink and spent the rest of the afternoon enjoying Hagrid’s light-hearted company, trying not to think too hard about tomorrow.

000

“Would you like to say something, Blaise?”

Harry was light and polite when he asked, and the tall boy beside him just turned his chin forwards once more. The Slytherin had been staring at him not so subtly since they left the Great Hall, and Draco had actually dropped behind them. His expression was calm and smooth as always, but Harry knew his stomach was in knots over this coming potions class. Harry couldn’t fault him—he sort of felt the same way but was apparently better at hiding it.

“Oh nothing.” He sniffed in a tone that clearly said there was something. He followed through by only letting one delicate pause hover in the air before continuing. “Just curious if you’re actually going to go through with this.”

‘This’ being the fact he’d claimed Draco as his potions partner. Which mean sitting on the Slytherin side of the room (he’d been warned by upper years to sit in the back of the Gryffindor section if he wanted to live, so apparently there were sections to deal with). Which meant sitting front and center on the Slytherin side. And having Snape literally right there to breathe down his neck.

I want to say ‘how bad can it be?’ but know that’ll just jinx it, wont it? He thought morosely to himself.

“Not for nothing, but I am a Gryffindor. Theoretically that would mean I’m brave.” He snipped back lightly.

“Theoretically.” Blaise repeated blankly. “I’m going to sit behind you and enjoy the show.”

“Please do. What good is my life if I am not an entertainment to you?” Harry grinned warmly at him, so believably there was no way the apt Slytherin didn’t miss the sarcasm. True to form, Blaise’s lips almost twitched like he was slamming down on a smile; instead he stared down at the tiny redhead beside him with a careful show of distain that Harry didn’t buy for a second.

“Harry,” A voice called and he was about to turn around when he felt a hand on his arm pulling him around, and he automatically jerked back violently to wrench his arm free, whipping around to see Ronald bloody Weasley with his hands up in a ‘I surrender’ pose in response to his reaction. Harry only half noted the instant growl on Draco’s face behind his shoulder and thought, well, at least he wasn’t moping anymore.

“Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you.” Ron back off half a step, and Harry tried not to be annoyed. He attempted a smile that he was sure the Slytherins saw right though, at least.

“Can I help you?”

“Yeah, I was wondering if you wanted to be partners for this class? Everyone else is paired up.”

A lie, since Harry could see Hermione standing near the classroom door, alone. However, he also knew Neville hadn’t partnered up with anyone yet, which meant there would be an odd person out and theoretically would mean a three-man team would form or someone would go solo. He wanted to bank on a Slytherin group getting the three-person or Hermione going solo. He wanted to ask if Neville could be part of his and Draco’s team, but wouldn’t risk Draco’s potions when he was already tense over being openly friendly with a Gryffindor—much less willingly participate in a team where he was outnumbered two-to-one.

Plus, he had a sneaking suspicion Neville would’ve accept to be on Draco’s team, regardless.

“Sorry, I have a partner already.” He declined, hopefully more politely than he felt.

Ron’s expression clouded, and then turned angry when he looked up over his shoulder—at Blaise for some reason. Well, not shockingly as Draco was a bit farther away and he had just been talking to Blaise but, whatever. Anyone with two braincells would know who Harry very publicly hung out with and wouldn’t say what suddenly came out of his mouth to Blaise of all people—not Draco.

“What’s wrong with you? What do you get from hanging out with slimy snakes like them?”

‘Them’, said while looing straight at Blaise.

Who went from zero to a hundred real quick.

“As if there’s anything to gain from an impoverished piece of rubbish who can’t be bothered to even take a shower once a week like you? We can hear your moaning and griping all the way from our table every damn night and you’re just an attention seeking brat with no reputation, and no dignity to gain yourself one before calling out people well above your station you bloody hog.” He snapped with a whirlwind of very well-articulated anger—his voice not rising but the fire in his chocolate eyes burning something red hot. Harry was actually super impressed: he was certainly not that composed when he was pissed off, and Blaise somehow made rage seem pretty.

“You-!”

“I’m not available Mr. Weasley so I think we’re done. Maybe go find an open partner?” Harry cut in before it got any more heated. Class was about to start and he really didn’t want to be mid-spat when the infamous Slytherin-biased teacher caught Slytherins and Gryffindors growling at each other.

He caught sight of Draco glancing at Neville—who was facing down the hall pointedly as if not making eye contact would drop him off Ron’s radar. So it seems he didn’t want to be Ron’s partner either, despite being available. Not that there were a lot of options left, but he wasn’t going to offer first, but let the chips fall where they may.

“Why would you chose to partner with a Slytherin though?” Ron was not getting the message, his cheek flushed red in agitation.

“Uh, they’re good at potions?” He said it like it obvious, which is was. Even if it was a stereotype, there was some truth to back it up and Harry was after a good grade here: the Slytherins listening in could appreciate using something for gain, unlike the Gryffindors who thought it seemed kind of cheap.

“You’d put that over enjoying yourself?” Ron snapped.

“First of all, I’m fairly certain this class is not designed for Gryffindors to have fun: the object is survival, Weasley, get with the program. Secondly, who said I wouldn’t enjoy myself? Draco is my friend, unlike you who has been nothing but rude since we met.” He countered smoothly, no anger in his voice and keeping his voice relatively low because he knew they were making a scene and hoping people would stop looking at them argue. No such luck, but he tried.

Especially when Ron turned bright red.

Nott cleared his throat lowly and several Slytherins seemed to take this as some kind of cue.

“Okay we’re done, time for class.” Draco physically stepped between the two redheads and put an arm around Harry’s shoulder lightly to guide him away, Blaise’s mask abruptly back in place to pretend the Weasley in front of him didn’t exist. Harry let him do it, shooting him a curious look and trying to ignore Ron’s alarmingly tomato-like expression.

“No we’re not done—I want answers!”

Harry was yet again taken off guard by the hand the clamped around his wrist as he tried to let Draco lead him away, and jolted out from both of their touches automatically. Something about it sent every wire in his body on edge and he was surprised at his own reaction time in how fast his wand appeared in his hand and was jammed less than an inch into Ron’s face.

“I don’t know any magic yet but that will not stop me from jamming this up your nose if you touch me again without permission.” He snapped, far less graceful than Blaise had been, but his felt cornered and he didn’t like it. “Also, it’s Monroe to you Weasley—not Harry, not Potter, not your friend or anything similar. Now get back.”

Be it the wand in his face or the glare he was being pinned down with, Ron took two steps back quickly.

He huffed, annoyed. “Thank you. Now get lost.”

He turned on his heel and walked the direction Draco had been leading him—Draco himself startled by the sudden 180s that had been happening and quickly following him. He felt the others aside from Ron follow, as well as many eyes on him, but he didn’t look back to meet any of their gazes.

He felt cornered and riled and he didn’t know why being grabbed like that set him off but it did.

He tried to shake it off but was failing visibly, since Draco very carefully didn’t touch him but pointed at the now-open classroom door to stop Harry from storming right past it in his ire. Harry took the lead in entering and everyone followed suit, surprisingly silently.

He let Draco pick the desk (front and center, predictably) and sat down, still trying to calm down and not getting very far.

“You alright Harry?” He glanced up and Seamus was looking at him in concern from where the Gryffindors were settling in on the other side.

He managed to smile a bit; Seamus really was a good guy.

“Yeah, I’m fine. Sorry about that.”

“Nah, no worries. Jus’ let us know.” He waved it off, Dean nodding from beside him as they went to take their seats, and Harry took a breath.

A presence beside him had him looking up, realizing Blaise was looking down at him with an unreadable expression, bag still on his shoulder and not taking his self-appointed seat behind them.

“…what.” He frowned, and the tall Slytherin just lifted a single brow, considering him.

Then:

“…Longbottom, you have a partner?” He said it while still looking down at Harry, but he heard Neville squeak a bit behind them, clearly having followed them silently.

“W-what!?”

“Partner with me, Longbottom.” He rolled his eyes impatiently, breaking off his look at Harry to meet the shy Gryffindor’s panicked look.

“…s-sure.” He squeaked barely managing to meet his gaze before jumping slightly and glancing at the last Slytherin.

Harry realized too that Nott was already sitting at the table behind them, the seat next to him presumably where Blaise would’ve sat since they’d been assumed to partner up. Blaise looked at him and his pale blue eyes looked back, neither of them making much of an expression but something passing between them.

With a sigh Nott collected his bag and walked off, and Blaise looked at Neville expectantly, who jumped and sat down in Nott's vacated seat quickly. He looked like he half wanted to say something as Nott walked away, but couldn’t quite manage it.

Harry frowned, turning in his seat to stare threateningly at the dark boy behind him.

“What are you playing at?” He demanded. The unspoken you better not be toying with Neville hanging heavy in his tone.

Blaise just rolled his eyes. “I know what I’m doing.”

“I…have almost no aptitude for potions though.” Neville spoke up, barely above a whisper and looking like he wanted to be anywhere but there. Blaise sighed, audibly put-upon.

“Thank you for your honestly, but I didn’t think you did in the first place. We’re not actually going to work together, but I’m going to make sure you don’t have to partner with that oaf. Sound nice?”

Neville looked startled for a long moment but then nodded weakly.

Harry was suspicious as hell, but he couldn’t exactly do anything about it since it was that moment the doors flew open, and a dungeon bat came swooping into the classroom.





Chapter 14: Book 1 : Pride : 14




“Ah, yes. Harry Potter, our new… celebrity.”

Uh-oh.

“You are here to learn the subtle science and exact art of potion-making. As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magic. I don’t expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses… I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death—if you aren’t as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach.”

Silence.

Yikes, tough crowd. That was actually pretty darn poetic.

“Potter!”

Oh quaffle.

“What would I get if I added powered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?”

No clue. He does realize this is the first class, yes? And I read ahead but that answer wasn’t in the first ten chapters of our textbook so it’s clearly above my paygrade. If I knew the entire textbook walking in here what’s the need for a potions’ professor at all?

He bit it back though, because he wasn’t stupid. Both of them ignoring Hermione’s hand which was going wild at the side of the room.

“I don’t know sir.”

Truly Snape’s sneer was a thing of marvel. He must practice in the mirror.

“Tut, tut—fame clearly isn’t everything.” He drawled, and Harry fought the urge to throw something at the man. Instead he sat there blankly, trying to emulate Draco’s calm posture beside him. Or… actually, Draco was pretty damn tense so maybe he should be channeling Blaise here instead.

“Let’s try again. Potter, where you look if I told you to find me a bezoar?”

Score—I know that one!

Again, it was clearly fourth year material, but Draco mentioned it in some letter at one point, which prompted the curious thought of how good was Draco at potions again but decided that was definitely a later conversation he’d be having with the blond.

“In the stomach of a goat, sir.” He did his best not to smirk back, especially when those dark beetle eyes narrowed at him.

“And what is the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?” The man challenged, greasy hair and poor attitude when losing lowering him in Harry’s eyes yet another five points. Especially when it was clear it was another tough question he wasn’t expected to be able to answer.

Oh quaffle. Wait… I read this… somewhere… and going by the pattern of this being high-level stuff on purpose, it was probably one of those extra journals I bought. Wolfsbane though, why does that sound familiar… oh!

“They’re the same thing, sir.”

He was insanely proud of himself and it was hard to keep his face straight at the sour look on Snape’s face. That one wasn’t actually Draco though: Neville had been going over a Herbology book at lunch that a kind Ravenclaw had shown him after Harry made a scene about his plant-skills in yesterday morning’s class. For once he had Harry’s ear all to himself with Dean and Seamus off doing Lord knows what and spent a solid five minutes on terminology, and one of the examples he’d used was how one plant could have so many names, primarily aconite. Which apparently had twelve names, but Harry remembered thinking Wolfsbane was clearly the coolest of them all.

Snape was not nearly as amused, though Harry couldn’t quite remember feeling so self-satisfied. Hopefully it didn’t show on his face or he’d really be in for it.

“Sit down.” The bat instead snapped in Hermione’s direction, who’d been waving her hand with vehemence since the questioning started, and she did quickly. He sneered back down at the red headed first year with distain in his eyes. “For your information Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of the Living Death. Well? Why aren’t you all copying that down?”

There was a rustle of papers and quills as everyone hastened to do just that, and Snape finally took his eyes off Harry to scowl at the room at large.

“Weasley, Granger, Goyle—why are you not partnered up?”

Wait what?

Harry turned around as subtly as he could and saw that indeed, all three of them were sitting at benches alone. But he thought for sure Goyle would be with Crabbe since they’d literally never been seen apart from each other—but then he caught sight of Crabbe sitting blankly next to an even more blank Nott. Who was blank on purpose, while Crabbe just seemed stunned to be here. Meaning alive, really.

Huh, wonder how that happened.

“There’s an odd number of people,” Ron was dumb enough to speak up, earning a glare, which he stupidly glared back at.

“Ten points from Gryffindor for failing to follow the rules. Let’s do some simple math here: three odd people means a team of two is still available.” Snape drawled in a tone way better suited on some posh bully rather than a teacher, in Harry’s humble opinion.

There was a brief pause, which Blaise took the precise moment to speak up.

“I don’t mind working alone, professor.” His calm voice spoke up clearly, and so filled with reverence and generality Harry thought for a split second he was offering his first-born child or something for the good of all mankind. Snape’s dark eyes only flickered to the Slytherin boy, before nodding once.

“Longbottom, you’re with Granger. Weasley, with Goyle. Mr. Zabini will work alone.” He commanded, and Harry felt his head spin the same moment Neville jumped at being addressed, and then quickly scampered off to join Hermione at her table.

“But-”

“Ten points from Gryffindor for talking back, Mr. Weasley.” The potions master hissed calmly, and Ron went five shades redder as he was forced to grab his bag and plop down at Goyle’s table when the large boy made no move to join him and it was clear even to someone obtuse like Ron that Snape would only be overjoyed to take points off of the Gryffindor rather than the Slytherin for not following orders.

Harry turned around fully now because what the heck happened?

It must’ve been clear on his face because Blaise caught his eyes and gave a smirk so smug that Harry felt his hackles rise.

How did he do that?

Blaise just calmly went back to scrawling in his notebook with beautiful penmanship even using a quill and Harry got the feeling he’d be sticking his tongue out if he were the type to do that sort of thing.

He was prevented from asking by Snape whipping around and striding back to the front of the classroom, robes billowing like he wasn’t aware that the whole school called him a dungeon bat for this exact reason.

"Turn to page 1 and begin reading the first passage--the instructions are on the board. Get to it, and don't blow anything up."

Okay, so potions was bearable if not anxiety-inducing, but the more concerning thing was whatever Slytherin political BS had just gone down and why Blaise seemed to be in control of it. He glanced at Draco who was already shaking his head to let it drop while shoving his already detailed notes under his nose with the silent order to get to work.

Fine.

But he had another reason to sit at the Slytherin table now, because he was going to figure this out if it killed him.

000

Snape was having a crisis.

He was going to ignore the Potter brat, he’d sworn to himself that was the most he’d do, perhaps take most of it out on the other pathetic Gryffindor dolts in the class, but the utterly moronic child had chosen to sit front and center—

--and suddenly it was her sitting there--

Green eyes—ha! Those vibrant eyes and her hair… her hair, the exact color he'd never forget no matter how long he lived. The color he'd admired, the color he'd wept over when he'd cradled her dead body in his arms, deceptively lively hair spilling over the floor like blood—befitting the brutal murder for what it was. He couldn't bear to look at it because all he saw was her.

And worse was that he could still see that asshole James Potter in there too—Lily's hair had been long and flowing, smooth and watery soft no matter what she did or how hard she played. The Potter scoundrel had wild, untamed hair that girls always thought dreamy—as if bed head was attractive. The brat's hair was hers, also long and burning bright like hers ever did, but it was wild and chaotic like only his father's ruffled top ever was.

The problem being that it wasn't enough to blind him to the fact it was his Lily's son sitting in his classroom at that moment. Even knowing this was Potter's offspring… the love he felt for his old flame warred with his past hatred of the man he loathed above all when he looked at this child… so fiercely. It would've been better if it were only her eyes he had— Severus could simply refuse to look at the boy's gaze. He could look down on the boy, no eye contact, and see only a mini James Potter and this would be easier. He would be free to hate the child for the menace he was, like father like son.

But he couldn't. Just glancing across the dungeon his heart beat slightly too hard to catch sight of the wild flaming red, just like it had every single potions class as a child, sitting in here as a student and glancing across the room—or just across the brewing stand—to see her hard at work with strands of that beautiful hair falling in her face, hand coming up to brush it away distractedly.

He had hoped to make it through these seven years by ignoring the child and taking out every ounce of frustration he had onto the boy.

But he suddenly found himself unable to; not when it was less the son of his enemy looking at him, and the son of the woman he still loved.

Less James Potter, and more Lily Evans smiling widely at his god son beside him. A smile with teeth slightly exposed and promising curiosity and fire and warmth. And Draco, not being afraid to smile back because he was at the front of the class and the only person who could see him break character like that was his godfather, who he trusted.

Who he trusted.

Snape wanted to take the bottles of poorly brewed first-year potions the students were handing him and down them all. They were so badly made they might just kill him, or simply turn him into an orchid, which might be preferable to this.

I am sorry Draco, but I’m a man. And I pray you will never understand how difficult this is.

000

"I swear to Christ Draco, if you say 'I told you so' I will hex you into oblivion."

Draco wasn't worried and grinned smugly as he put his quill down and greeted his dormmate entering the room with a guiltless look that no Slytherin would be stupid enough to believe. "I have no idea what you're talking about." He dutifully replied.

Blaise shot him a look that reminded him very much of Dalia Zabini and figured he should probably cool it with the teasing before the Zabini heir actually killed him. In his sleep or via poison at dinner—neither would surprise him and he definitely didn't think himself skilled enough to see it coming.

He'd met Dalia Zabini several times in the past and every single instance she'd scared him even more than before. She was positively the most beautiful woman he'd ever laid eyes on and only his parents' warning about her had prevented him for falling for her charm and calling her 'Auntie Da' like she'd insisted. His father in particular had gone over the dangers of that woman many, many times and while he knew a thing or two about dark families, he was not quite comfortable with the notoriously grey family who refused to take sides in the last war. Most families were forced to choose one way or another but there were only three old pureblood lines that had been powerful enough to abstain from the last war and for both the Dark Lord and Dumbledore to leave them be. Draco knew not to mess with those families on pain of death, and his parents had explained in very gruesome detail why.

Zabini wasn't actually an English name or bloodline—they'd come from the old Roman empire and the wizarding community that existed in this country some five centuries ago, however they could trace their family line back past the point of there even being a record that England had wizards. They were also descended from a series of nine lines that could claim direct lineage from old-world Emperors and Conquerors, so while in English history they were still gaining status, the status they did was foreign and intensely respected amongst purebloods. The Dark Lord would've made a terrible political move in killing the Zabini family when they claimed neutral in the last war, since it was commonly accepted even amongst the most fervent blood purists that Zabini blood was one of the purest there was—the Dark Lord would've lost followings (even if just silently since few were brave enough to actually defy him) if he disregarded his pureblood rhetoric by wiping out one of the most prime pureblood families in the UK.

Not to mention the family in question still had a great deal of relatives they were on close speaking terms with back in Italy, and the one thing the Dark Lord had not risked was making his war international. If he'd won and gotten control over magical Britain, who knows what might've happened then, but even at the height of his power he'd never dared provoke Italian wizards from jumping the boarders to defend some of their own. They were unknowns to him and part of an older society than even Britain's was, so it wasn't worth the risk.

What all this meant is that the Zabinis are practically untouchable, politically speaking. But it also meant they abstained from pretty much everything politically too—they didn't make strong stances or come out in support of anyone, and on the most part kept to themselves. They were traditionally Slytherin too, since they were vicious businessmen and women, which was likely the reason for coming west from Rome in the first place. If Draco wasn’t mistaken, Blaise had relatives that had made the jump to America roughly two hundred years ago to continue the line further west (which was yet another reason not to mess with the bloodline—Italian wizards were some of the oldest and most powerful, however American wizards were entirely unpredictable). The main point being that the Zabini line was infectious and well-connected globally, and they were only moving farther with every passing generation.

And Dalia Zabini was, most likely, the worst of all the ambitious, vicious businesswomen Draco had ever held witness too. She was a lawyer and an investor, she owned businesses and trades alike, and she'd tripled her family's wealth in her lifetime. And the Zabinis were still an old wealthy family even before her era, so that was really saying something.

Aside from her cut-throat business practices though, her main method of income was that she was nearly world-renowned as a Black Widow. Back to the fact she was insanely beautiful, she was also clever like a knife and so fiercely intelligent and devious that most never stood a snowball's chance in hell when she set her eyes on you. She was on husband number eleven, if Draco recalled correctly; his parents had been invited to all her weddings, although they’d forbade him from going. It meant that he had heard plenty about the British Zabini branch family, and had up until starting Hogwarts always planned on giving that family a wide berth.

Which was why suddenly finding himself roommates with the Zabini heir to be… interesting.

Slytherin wasn't like the other houses in that each room was optimized to give them space, security, and studying room. Each room only held three, with a small entrance room to leave one's shoes connecting to a bathroom, and then another door into the main dorm that was a horseshoe shape: one bed area in front of the door, and one each to the left and right. Each area was an alcove of sorts, a large semi-circle with a wardrobe, bookshelf, and full desk area towards the front, and yet another alcove at the back that could be blocked off with black curtains where the bed was placed. The main perk being that the whole of Slytherin was underground, boarding the lake, so each bed had a large circular window twice Draco's height that showed out into the underwater lake—magically enchanted to be light enough to see the seaweed sway in the currents and fish swim by occasionally. The upper years said sometimes the squid would drift by, but it didn't often like to come too close to the castle.

First years were given whatever rooms were available, but once settled this would be their space for the full seven years, so they were actually only four levels down since this was where last year's seventh years had left open, but Draco knew there were deeper levels closer to the lake floor that other years must've had. He kind of liked being mid-way because it was a nice view, and he didn't have to crane around a tall bush of seaweed to see out, nor was the sunlight threatening his area like it'd be closer to the surface.

The original plan was to room with Goyle and Crabbe, since his family had alliances with them. Neither Vincent nor Gregory were all that bright so his father had arranged a 'follow my son around and guard him' sort of deal that both families had been fine with—it got them on the Malfoy's good books, and the two's parents figured Draco was going to be climbing the ladder, so to speak, and so to come along for the ride couldn't hurt. Neither set of parents had much faith their sons would be doing any social climbing on their own after all, so wanted to do what they could for their children while they had the chance before sending them off to Hogwarts. Both were dark families though, and with the Malfoy's switching to grey his father had negotiated a different deal—something to do with the three families’ businesses and the Crabbe and Goyle parents weren't thrilled with the lost advantage their sons had, but were soothed by the increase in wealth coming into their vault.

Money fixed most things for the Malfoys, after all.

So, with Crabbe and Goyle not bothering to come look for him since their parents had told them not to anymore, he'd been free to pick and choose which room he wanted—there were only five Slytherin boys this year and six bed spaces in the two rooms of three, both rooms having a spot open. Since he was from a newly grey family and Zabini was the most infamously grey family there was, it was an easy choice.

When he'd followed them into their chosen room that first night, Blaise had given him a pointedly raised eyebrow but didn't comment. Nott didn't even look at him but set about putting his things away, ignoring both his roommates with an impressive amount of calculated apathy. Nott in general was a little out of place as being from a dark family yet bunking with two now-grey families. One would think he'd choose the other room with two known dark heirs to be with his own alliance, so to speak, or at the very least in a quieter room as he seemed entirely withdrawn into himself and unwilling to speak to either of them and at least Crabbe and Goyle aren't talkers like he and Blaise were. Somehow though, he was here, and he kept to himself mostly, ignoring his roommates even as Draco found himself talking to Blaise more and more.

Blaise seemed unwillingly to get chummy at first, be it the Malfoy reputation or something else, but he was a chatty person and he had a sharp wit that couldn't be contained, and so Draco was his only outlet. By default it got them on speaking terms at least, if not even on reasonably friendly terms too.

Draco wasn't an idiot: being “friends” with a Zabini meant watching your back, so he was careful even while he found himself enjoying the tall boy's presence and sarcastic comments. While Blaise was his age and still learning like all the first and other younger year Slytherins still were, he was also Dalia Zabini's son and she'd clearly been giving him lessons. Draco knew the second Blaise hit puberty he was going to be in critical danger (a Black Widow in training and the heir to literally the most wealthy family in Magical Britain sharing a dorm room— also known as a recipe for disaster) and so he needed to play his cards right and keep on guard no matter how much he was starting to like the guy.

And really, he was just so much fun to mess with.

And read, too, since Blaise had the unique position of being essentially politically immune to most Slytherin shenanigans so long as he kept his cool, and therefore had no need for a lot of the masks most of them wore. He could be open if he wanted to, without any ramifications, and as he settled in at Hogwarts he seemed to be picking and choosing who he wanted to affiliate with. Draco was thankful he seemed to be making the cut, but also a bit pleasantly surprised that someone else was too.

Particularly, a red headed Gryffindor.

And not the annoying Weasley one, but the pretty one.

“You failed to tell me Potter had that in him.” Blaise complained, nose in the air pompously and still managing to pout somehow.

“I told you you’d end up liking him. That wasn’t enough?”

“No.” He huffed, dropping his bag down and turning to face him properly, crossing his arms over his chest. “Did I mention my fondness for homicidal tendencies?”

Draco rolled his eyes and returned to copying down his note, refilling his quill in the inkwell as he did so. “No, but I could figure that out for myself. I have met your mother, after all.”

“Precisely, you’ve met my mother. Who raised me. And yet you still managed to leave out that critical detail.” Blaise wasn’t letting it drop.

“To be totally honest, I was surprised by him threatening to shove a wand up Weasley’s nose too. Although he did threaten to push me off the train platform for saying ‘mudblood’, so maybe there’s a pattern.” He paused, realizing the trend he was really hoping wouldn’t become a thing.

“Mudblood is an antiquated term anyway; I’m a fan of coming up with something more creative than our parent’s rhetoric.”

Rhetoric? He’s eleven, who even is this guy?

“But really? Even you, who he clearly picked as his favorite from day one. I’ve decided, he’s acceptable for a Gryffindor and you may continue to hang out with him.”

“Thank you for your gracious permission, but I was going to do that anyway.” Draco rolled his eyes again and didn’t bother looking up.

“You think I should go for it now or wait until we’re both well into puberty before making my move? I don’t want to go in too early and have him tire of me before we graduate.”

At that Draco’s head snapped up in half alarm, half rage at such a suggestion—but whatever he’d opened his mouth to say was cut off at the self-satisfied smirk the tall boy was giving him. He scowled.

“Oh ha, very funny.”

Blaise chuckled happily, clearly please with himself. “As if you could be any more obvious! Maybe I should be asking you if you’re going to wait for puberty or not.”

“Shut up.”

“Oh, very eloquent.”

Eloquent? I’m going to need a dictionary if I’m going to be roommates with this guy.





Chapter 15: Book 1 : Pride : 15




"You said you wanted to be in Slytherin and don't know something as basic as this. Professor Snape was right, fame isn't everything is it?" Blaise took a sip of his tea pointedly ignoring the green glare he was getting.

"The best I figure, Ron pissed him off so Snape clearly wouldn't let him work alone, and he likes Slytherins better so you had the clear chance over Hermione at being the group of one, but even if he let you work alone there was nothing stopping him from grouping Neville with Ron. In fact it would've made more sense because Hermione was clearly a, uh, well she knows her stuff already, and Goyle's reputation precedes him and I've been at Hogwarts less than a week to have heard all about it. Logically if he really didn't want to blow up his classroom, he should've grouped them together. Weasley and Goyle will probably kill someone by Christmas." Harry ranted, his breakfast forgotten in front of him.

Not even Neville was up at this hour on a Saturday, but Harry was wired to rise with the sun and the Slytherins wouldn’t be caught dead idling even if it was a day off. Draco hadn't said it outright, but Harry got the feeling Snape had made it abundantly clear he expected to see all his students at all three meals a day barring a legitimate excuse like illness or detention. Apart from a handful of Ravenclaws they had the Great Hall to themselves and on this particular morning no one even bothered to look up when he sat at the Slytherin table—he considered that progress, though was a bit surprised how quickly he'd gotten to this point. Or maybe it was because they were around mostly upper years who looked half-dead before they got some coffee in their system.

Either way the looks he usually got were cooled off this morning and Blaise was being abnormally chatty as he hung his knowledge smugly over the red head in front of him, Draco digging into his breakfast and remaining out of their snarky exchange, while Nott had finished quickly and had his nose in a book, tuning them all out. Harry noticed it wasn't a textbook, but it wasn't clearly marked either.

"Some things can't be picked up naturally then. And here I thought you had promise." Blaise sniffed dryly.

"Aw, I knew you loved me Blaise." Harry rolled his eyes, and Draco scoffed under his breath while Blaise grinned a bit maniacally. It was a startling expression on the previously composed Slytherin boy.

"For having no information to go off of he has a decent account of what happened, you know." The blond pointed out and Blaise shot him a sour look for ruining his fun.

"So you do know, but refused to tell me." Harry demanded, and Draco shot him a smirk before returning to his breakfast without answering. Damn Slytherins.

"I'll give you a hint because I'm feeling charitable," Blaise huffed with a very put-upon sigh, smirking once more as he put a finger in the air knowingly. "The twins."

The twins? Like Fred and George? Why would Snape—oh dear. Hm, that's a problem.

"You mean to tell me that Snape hates the Weasley twins so much he'd risk blowing his classroom up in hopes their little brother offs himself? That's incredibly dark for a teacher, isn't it?" Harry demanded, and saw an upper year to their left raise an eyebrow.

Even Blaise looked pleasantly surprised, shooting a glance at Draco who was smirking into his food.

"…okay, you're quick on the uptake, I'll give you that." He allowed, narrowing his gaze slightly. "But yes, word travels and it's become this vicious circle of Snape hating the twins, them pranking him, him hating them more, them pranking him because it's funnier now, and so forth. He might kill them before they graduate. I think there's a betting pool on it."

"You've been here a week, same as me, how do you know that?"

"Slytherins have the unfair advantage of knowing all about Hogwarts and its politics before getting here. Our parents ensure we don't go in blind." He shrugged. Harry couldn't even argue with that, given half of what Draco had told him before they'd started.

"Still, something bothers me about the whole thing." Harry pouted, finally getting down to his breakfast now that he wasn’t simmering in curiosity.

Blaise tisked imperiously. "Oh?"

"Yeah. Why'd you do it for Neville, of all people?"

Now the upper years were very unsubtly listening in, clearly surprised by the question. So was Nott, who actually raised his eyes to flicker at Blaise as if he wanted to hear the answer too.

Draco however, snorted into his toast rather ungracefully.

Blaise glared at him before seeming to mentally sooth his ruffled feathers and tilted his chin up proudly.

"Well, if you must know, I admired the way you threatened to lodge a wand into Weasley's brain, especially since I was contemplating doing the same thing before you took the words right out of my mouth. It was a simple enough token to show my appreciation, no? And it's not like I wanted a partner in the first place; it's much easier to work alone in a class like that."

Harry was surprised, but just smiled warmly at that instead.

A trade? Seems to be a Slytherin trend. So not only was specialization critical for a career, it was also the key to getting anywhere in the social game—or at least so far as Slytherins went. And they honestly seemed to control quite a bit without letting on how much they knew, so I should probably be taking notes…

“One more question.”

“You sure are chatty this morning,” Blaise hummed as he took another sip of his tea.

Draco shot him a disgusted look. “You’re one to talk.”

Blaise’s cup of tea hit his saucer a little too hard when he went to put it down and somehow ended up in Draco’s lap—the blond blinking in surprise and Blaise’s grin absolutely evil.

“Oops.” He said while looking directly at Harry so it was made abundantly clear he was not sorry at all.

“You piece of-” Draco cursed under his breath as he pulled out his wand to clean it up, shooting his roommate death stares. No one but Harry was surprised about the brief exchange though.

“Your question, Potter?” Blaise’s smile was positively honey while he ignored the boy sitting next to him cursing his family to the pits of hell, and Harry didn’t trust it for a second.

“Okay now I have two questions.” He deadpanned. “First of all, Draco you need to teach me to do that spell.”

“It’s just a household spell,” He frowned, still checking his shirt to make sure he hadn’t missed a spot.

“Raised by muggles, as a reminder. Please teach me?” He pressed and Draco seemed to remember and then just nodded absently as he continued to fix his tie distractedly. With that settled Harry promptly returned to Blaise with a glint in his eyes. “And you, Mr. Zabini, are perplexing. You want nothing to do with me, but you can’t keep your mouth shut. You clearly want to avoid conflict but aren’t afraid to finish it when it starts; you look down at me and certainly don’t like Neville, but you put at least some effort into defending him as a favor for me out of some kind of twisted respect? Or perhaps even some odd form of obligation so that there would be no interpretation that you would then owe me for telling Ron to get lost. And on top of it all, you weren’t afraid to speak up in Snape’s class and seemed certain he wouldn’t turn on you: professor Snape may favor Slytherins, but that’s because you all can keep your mouths shut and perform well—and one of those things you cannot do.”

Blaise was scowling outright by the time he finished talking.

“Well you certainly are blunt.” He scoffed.

“But correct.” Draco chirped up, smoothly sliding the tea pot out of Blaise’s reach before he could even make a motion to grab for it. The tall boy gracefully returned to neutral position as if he hadn’t just been about to dump tea all over his classmate and looked blankly back to Harry to answer his question.

“I’m afraid there’s wasn’t really a question in all of that for me to answer.”

“No, but there was an implication and as a Slytherin I would assume you’d be clever enough to pick up on it.” Harry returned fire with an innocent grin of his own, which Blaise couldn’t help but be impressed by.

“What can I say, I’m not your average Slytherin. And I have no qualms about flaunting the Zabini name like anyone else here, so…” He trailed off and dotted the corner of his mouth daintily with a napkin before standing up, tossing said napkin into Draco’s face for flare, and smoothing the non-existent wrinkles in his clothes as he neatly side-stepped outside of Draco’s immediate retaliation range. “Well it’s been fun, and by that I mean Draco you may rot in hell.”

“Likewise.” Draco deadpanned and then with a deceptively friendly wave the tall Slytherin was gone, the odd exit somehow not taking away from his regal stride. “I hate him.” Draco told Harry in a blank tone that implied it was a lie.

“So you do,” He agreed similarly, with a roll of his eyes. “And you won’t tell me then?”

“It would ruin Blaise’s fun and I have to live with him.” The blond said by way of apology, and Harry just sighed, accepting that.

“Do you have any plans for today? I got into another argument with McGonagall and now have even more homework so I was going to check out the library and see if I can’t find anything to prove her wrong. Also you have to teach me that spell sometime.” He chatted happily.

“Are you sure the hat didn’t mean to say Ravenclaw?” The Malfoy heir drawled primly.

Harry just maturely stuck his tongue out at him before deciding to take a shot at the last remaining member of their breakfast group. “And how about you Nott? Any exciting plans for today?”

He was greeted with an impressively blank blue-eyed stare before he too, closed his book and stood, walking away without a single word.

“Someday I’ll win him over.” He announced and Draco scoffed loudly.

“Good luck with that, but hell will freeze over first.”

“Hey, Blaise likes me!”

“Blaise likes you in the way a wolf likes a fox. Certainly not how you think he likes you, I promise.”

“A wolf? Wait—what is that supposed to mean?” He narrowed his gaze suspiciously but Draco had suddenly found the ceiling quite interesting.

“It’s nice weather today, isn’t it? Maybe we can check out the quidditch pitch once you’re done with the library.”

Harry gave up, knowing a lost cause when he saw one. “Smooth Malfoy. You’re supposed to be the most Slytherin-y Slytherin if your boasting was to believed but that was positively Hufflepuff of you.”

“Take that back!” He gasped dramatically, but the smirk to his lips spoke differently.

“Maybe if you teach me a spell or two I just might,” Harry teased, grabbing his bag to stand now as well, Draco quickly gathering himself to follow him towards the exit.

“A spell for a favor? How positively Slytherin.” Draco smiled as they got to the Great Hall—a real smile this time, and not the prim and slightly sneering one he’d been wearing since they got to Hogwarts. Harry was relieved to know the politics of this place wasn’t getting to him too much…though it was clearly still getting to him, and so was him trying to act cool when a Gryffindor kept insisting to sit with him in public.

Harry didn’t mean to make Draco’s life difficult… but he also didn’t want to just give up. He vowed he would if Draco didn’t seem like he could handle it, but in the meantime Harry would just have to work at worming his way into Slytherin’s hearts so they’d leave Draco alone for befriending him.

It was a big question though: how to get into the hearts of those who were very proud to claim they didn’t have hearts at all?

He’d gotten Blaise, but Blaise was true to his word in that he was not the typical Slytherin. The challenge was clearly there for Harry to go about figuring out why, but he couldn’t exactly ask a Slytherin or that’d be cheating… or at least it felt like cheating, and he was quickly learning that going with ones instincts (within reason) wasn’t a waste of time.

Like a wolf likes a fox, huh? Both predators I guess, though why Draco would call me a fox I don’t know. Unless… well, Blaise only started liking me after I threatened Ron. Actually it was like the flip of a switch and suddenly he felt he owed me a favor and therefore helped Neville? Slytherins worked in trades, and favors and information were worth more than galleons to most of them since they all seemed to be after something far bigger than fame or wealth.

Power, Harry realized. Slytherins were ambitious, clever… patient and cunning. Why though? They had goals, dreams, aspirations… but most of them were from well-off families and even those that weren’t didn’t seem to in it for the money. They were after something, and as he and Draco walked out into a lovely autumn day as he procrastinated going to the library, it hit him that they were after power.

Knowledge was power, but only if you could use it like a weapon. Friends could take you places, but so long as you kept them at arm’s length—kept close to cash in favors on or cut ties with depending on where the most favorable wind was going that day. Sometimes you needed to take a risk, but only if the reward was worth it.

The Malfoys had money, which was a power in an of itself which was probably shielding Draco to an extent. Blaise… had to have power somehow, because he’d been warming up to him and yet no one had dared shoot him a dirty look like Harry had caught many people doing to Draco.

A wolf and a fox. Predators. Blaise had power somehow and so he could get away with talking to me… and so I need to have power in the Slytherins’ eyes so they won’t feel it’s a slight on their person to be seen with me.

Honestly it’d work better if Draco were the one with the power, but as they walked along the side of the lake and Draco peered curiously (if not cautiously from the warnings about the giant squid) into the dark waters, Harry felt something inside of him melt.

Draco already knew all about what he was up against and had his own things to worry about. He wouldn’t have been in Slytherin if he didn’t have an ambition already in mind—Harry was the one who’d walked into his life and made it significantly harder for no other reason than he wanted to keep this endearingly bratty boy close.

So it’s simple. I become someone Slytherin has to respect, and they’ll leave Draco alone. Draco can then focus on doing whatever it is he wanted to come here to do in the first place…or he’ll at least be able to figure it out in peace.

Decision made, Harry nodded once to himself and smiled.

It dropped in a second as he remembered that he still needed a way to actually do that now…

“You seem to be thinking pretty hard over there.” Draco called from where he was crouched by the water, and Harry walked over to crouch by him and poke at the rocks that had been washed smooth by the tiny little waves.

“Plotting, of course. Seems to be what I do these days. Plotting to bust Neville outta his shell, plotting to make McGonagall love me…”

Draco snickered lowly. “Are you sure the sorting hat didn’t mean to say Slytherin?”

Harry nudged his shoulder playfully, before getting a guilty grin. “I’m not sorry I’m in Gryffindor, but sorry it makes your life so damn hard.”

The blond gave a sigh, picking up a rock and tossing it into the water a little deeper so that it disappeared into the inky shadows with a little plop.

“Apology accepted. No matter how much it is or is not your fault.” He shrugged. He tilted his head enough to give him a smile that went all the way up to the corners of his grey eyes, and Harry felt himself smile back automatically.

That’s it, operation fox is a go. No one gets to pick on this dork but me.





Chapter 16: Book 1 : Pride : 16


Chapter Notes

EDIT: For everyone who doesn't like this chapter, please read my disclaimer at the very start of this story once more. I get that people aren't happy with my take on Harry, and no I am NOT saying he's a saint here, just that he's human and he's my flawed character when he acts like this. NO ONE in this story is perfect and this is SUPPOSED to be the moment you see how messed up he is, but you don't need to leave nasty comments.

For the sake of my mental health I will be blocking people starting now. It's been three years since I wrote this chapter and while I'm thankful for people who leave kind and encouraging comments, thankful even for those who simply stop reading if they don't like it, I'm no longer going to just accept being demoralized in my writing by people who feel it necessary to shit on what is supposed to be a complex character, just because you don't like that they're not "good". I did this on purpose and I am proud of these chapters and of this odd take on a well loved character.

If you want him to be canon Harry, then please go read the original books, they are wonderful as they are and I am not trying to recreate it.





His first weekend at Hogwarts passed in a haze of gold, and Harry loved it. He did manage to get his homework done, but it was a close thing when Draco kept wandering outside to enjoy the weather and explore the quidditch pitch, walk around the whole lake to inspect every little rock and creak along the way, and then spend the hours in which the sun cast long shadows across the expansive school grounds sitting high up in the pitch seating and explaining more about his favorite sport.

Draco wasn’t super forthcoming with details about himself that didn’t entail school or quidditch, but he seemed genuinely relaxed for the first time since getting to the school and so Harry had no problems with sitting and listening and imagining what flying would be like from this high up. Sunday was spent in a lot of the same way, although they added exploring bits of the castle to their list of accomplishments too. Harry was really starting to like the paintings that could talk and while Draco got bored in five minutes, Harry knew he could probably spend hours talking to the people who’d lived hundreds of years ago like the middle ages was only yesterday and never get tired of it.

They’d run into Peeves and let’s just say Harry was not a fan—the poltergeist had taken to calling him ‘Harry Pooper’ and Draco got pegged with a simple ‘Bad Snake’ that seemed to have affected him way more than a schoolyard taunt from a childish poltergeist should’ve. He hid it well though and once they’d gotten free of the annoying creature he’d bounced back, but Harry had noticed.

He also noticed when Monday came around and Draco was suddenly a lot more tense and less chatty than he’d been for the past two days. Blaise made up for it by now seeming to willingly accept Harry’s presence at their table and even between classes, and the guy truly was a chatter box. Somehow they could make it from the Great Hall to the other end of the castle and Blaise never once take a breath, and still somehow not say a single damn thing of substance. On the other end of the spectrum, Nott hadn’t said a single word so far and Harry was actively trying to catch him saying something now but so far only caught him when professor Flitwick had called on him specifically and he was forced to give an answer.

He even said less than Neville, and honestly that was an accomplishment.

Draco’s sudden lack of enthusiasm was kind of obvious; now it wasn’t just them wandering the school grounds with the occasional odd look tossed their way from some stray student also exploring the grounds. Weekdays meant the Great Hall was full at mealtimes and the hallways jam packed between classes as people bustled about to get to their next session. Not even mentioning classes themselves where depending on the crowd you were essentially just stuck in a room with people looking at you—and judgmentally or not, it got on your nerves quickly.

Harry got used to it rather efficiently, but the looks he got were mostly the you’re Harry Potter kind of thing, not the why are you betraying our house kind of thing. Not that he didn’t get some of those latter looks, especially from upper years and especially right after being with Draco and the Slytherin then having walked out of the room.

People seemed more confident to say something or give him an obvious look when he was alone, and either gave him a wide berth while Draco was around, or he was sufficiently distracted by Draco to just not notice their dirty looks in the first place. When he was alone though, he definitely noticed quite a bit more.

And that was just Gryffindors and the occasional Hufflepuff or Ravenclaw giving him the stink eye. Harry knew for a fact that as soon as Draco walked away from him, he too was getting some filthy looks and particularly barbed comments shot his way—and Slytherin wasn’t popular in the wider school, not to mention Slytherin itself was probably twice as vicious to one of its own than any Gryffindor could hope to be against their supposed ‘arch enemy’. Slytherins put up a united front in the face of the rest of the school, but he was starting to think behind closed doors they were very much an ‘every man for themselves’ kind of house where you sank or swim entirely based on how competent you were as an individual.

And Draco was alarmingly silent in the moments Harry attempted to drop some hints and have a real conversation about what he was going through. He wanted to be an ally, but then again… he wasn’t a Slytherin. There wasn’t much he as a Gryffindor could do.

Operation fox couldn’t come along fast enough, but the problem being that Harry still had no idea how to make it happen, and he could only sit there scratching his head until inspiration hit.

In the mean time this was just going to be their lives, but while Harry had Neville and the twins and about a dozen other people willing to talk to him and remain totally friendly despite his choices in friends, Draco seemed to be backing himself into a corner with how few people he was willing to talk to. And it infuriated him because he wanted to help, but Harry didn’t have visibility to what was happening with Slytherin house, and none of them were spilling their inner workings—not even Blaise who was content to talk his ear off about whatever was on his mind that day, avoided any and all comments about how the school or his house was handling Draco’s friendship with a Gryffindor.

Blaise seemed to be immune to Slytherin gossip, which only made Harry even more suspicious, but he gave up for now to instead be thankful Draco had a least one ally in his own house at the moment.

That was, until Draco started getting snippy himself.

Harry wasn’t shocked this cactus of a boy chose to get prickly when he was upset or felt cornered, but he didn’t much appreciate being at the receiving end of that biting sarcasm he usually reserved for Blaise. He tried extremely hard to give Draco a pass for his souring mood since it was kind of obvious and also sort of Harry’s own fault, but… his patience was faked and a skill he’d perfected over several years, not actually natural for him. And it took quite a bit out of him not to take the bait and come back at Draco’s ever-increasingly bitter comments with something just as dark and bitter as the spoiled brat could even imagine.

Years of biting his tongue in front of the Dursleys’ ire was the only thing that got him through the week, honestly.

And by the time Thursday lunch was ending, he was sorely missing his gold-tinted weekend and wondering just how badly he’d underestimated this Slytherin vs Gryffindor thing. He was tense and Neville was in hysterics that the Remembrall he’d gotten that morning was telling him he forgot something and he couldn’t remember what it was. Also he’d lost it twice already, and Hermione had tried to “help” find it and made it very much worse for all involved.

Harry wanted to pinch the bridge of his nose in exasperation. It was only the second week people!

Luckily (or unluckily depending on your perspective on the event) it all came to a head in their first flying lesson that afternoon.

000

"How is that possible?"

Neville paused as if wondering if this was a joke before smiling in amusement. "Ah…magic?"

Harry made a face. "Of course it is. Are we ever going to get to the point in our education where we learn how magic, not just… because magic." He complained lightly with a dramatic wave of his hand. Neville smiled more widely as his pouting.

"I'm not sure. 'Because magic' seems to pacify most people."

"Most people is not me." He huffed, kicking at a stone on the ground as they walked down the field towards the quidditch pitch. They were learning to fly today, and even his annoyance in lack of answers about Neville's description of his fantastical, magical garden back home couldn’t dampen his spirits.

Not even as he saw Draco walking with the rest of his year Slytherins several meters ahead down the path and not looking back at them once.

Okay, that dampened his mood a little bit, but he steadfastly ignored it for the time being. McGonagall's implication that flying was dangerous probably meant he should keep his wits about him for this.

Besides, Neville looked a little green around the gills at the prospect, so chatting with him to get his mind off their oncoming class what probably a better use of time than wondering how he was to fix a hundreds-year-old rivalry as an eleven-year-old. He was probably going to have plenty of time to worry about that not on his first day learning to fly.

"Is that a muggle band?" Neville interrupted his thoughts by asking, and Harry blinked once before realizing he was talking about his shirt. Flying was a free-dress period and while most didn’t bother running up to change between their last class and this one, Harry had jumped at the chance to get out of the boring black robes like he did every day. He'd opted for a quarter-sleeve, deep red shirt with the band logo a black and clashing pink. He had admittedly listened to a couple of their songs before getting to Hogwarts and didn't hate them; didn't love them, but didn't hate them. He'd half bought these things to try and bond with muggleborns however it was pleasantly surprising it caught the curiosity of at least one pureblood too.

"Yes! I admit I'm am not fully familiar on their actual music but I liked the color." He grinned, Neville nodding along to that. Neville had a very enjoyable habit of asking about something he was wearing, like his loud colors and the shiny things he wore in his hair baffled, yet intrigued the quiet blond.

Harry found a surprisingly lack of attention was given to his odd outfit choices--probably because people were worried about the fact he as Harry Potter and apparently famous over what he was wearing, and if wasn’t like he hadn’t seen some purebloods sporting some weird outfits either. He had a feeling a lot of wizards had no idea what muggles wore but instead wore whatever muggle clothing they came across for the fun of it.

“Neville… dude this is a problem.” They turned at Seamus’ voice behind them, both he and Dean smiling wryly—with a white-clouded Remembrall in his hand.

“S-sorry!” Neville squeaked, quickly taking it back with a flush to his face.

Make that three times, Harry sighed, at least thankful it was Seamus to pick it up rather than Hermione this time.

“It’s no problem,” Seamus laughed it off while Harry patted the blond’s arm gently.

“I think that thing is maybe more stress than it’s worth. If you’ve forgotten something, it’ll turn up eventually right? No need to worry about what you’ve forgotten in the moment, I’d think.”

“But Gran gave it to me…” Neville mumbled slowly, fidgeting with the ball in his hands, his shoulders slumped. “She’s kinda scary but she means well… and she never actually gives presents other than birthday and holidays.”

Harry smiled widely. “Maybe she misses you then.” Blue eyes snapped up to him, going wide. “I mean, this is the first time you’ve been away from home for a long time, right? If giving a gift is so out of character then it’s probably because she’s thinking of you—or worrying at least, like grandmothers do.” He tried to make his tone lighthearted, but Neville ducked his head with eyes glistening a bit.

Seamus, bless him, not only noticed of the moment Neville was having, but took mercy and changed the subject gently.

“Excited to fly then Harry? We’ve only drilled the rules of the game into you by now but you’ve never actually flown right?”

“Nope! And yeah I’m super excited—Draco showed me the pitch of the weekend and it looks amazing!”

“I’ve only ever played football but quidditch as a sport sounds amazing; and actually flying!? I’ll race ya’ to see who can stay on the broom longest, Harry.” Dean joked too, and Harry grinned at him.

“You’re so on—get ready to lose!”

“And what will we be betting on today gentlemen?” Seamus grinned as the field they were going to be practicing on finally came into view.

“You and your betting… fine, then how about transfiguration notes?” Dean suggested far too innocently, causing Harry’s red flags to go up.

“Transfiguration notes? What about them?” He demanded.

“If I win you lend me your notes on our next transfiguration class. I mean, it’s only been two weeks but everyone in our year knows you’re good at that class already.” He grinned, and Harry narrowed his eyes—Blaise’s presumptuous face filling his mind’s eyes.

“No deal—I’d need something just as good in return if I win then and no offense but what were you planning to bet? Your charms notes?”

“Brutal,” Dean complained while Seamus burst out laughing—and even Neville had to bite his lip to keep from chuckling. Dean had unfortunately fallen asleep in their first charms class this week and gotten a rude awakening when Seamus had inadvertently blown up the twig they’d been practicing on. Him falling feet over head in his chair with a startled screech and nearly crushing Flitwick was not something they’d be letting him forget anytime soon. “Well what do you want in exchange then?”

Harry made a show of tapping his chin trying to think, before he realized that he actually had no idea. Dean had nothing he wanted and maybe he was hanging out with the Slytherins too much, but something about that struck him as odd.

“Everyone settle down!” A woman with severe grey hair and intense golden eyes caught their attention and they automatically moved to gather around her.

“How about just bragging rights for now?” Harry copped out, but Dean didn’t seem to mind as he gave a silent thumbs up as Madam Hooch introduced herself.

Harry’s first impression of Madam Hooch was that she and McGonagall must be related, but he didn’t have time even consider plotting to get on her good side before she was lining them up in two lines facing each other, a rather suspect looking broom on the ground beside each of them as she waltzed up and down the line citing the rules of this class and how important it was they listen to her or they’d immediately be expelled.

But then, as she finished her mini speech and turned to face them, she actually broke a smile. “Alright, put your dominant hand out over the broom and in a strong voice, say ‘up’.”

“Wait, shouldn’t there be more on the actual, you know, how to fly bit besides just ‘do it’?” Harry blinked, and by Neville’s pale face beside him, he wasn’t the only one thinking this.

But, no one paid his question any heed and everyone else was already commanding their brooms to jump up into their hands with various levels of success; not even Hermione was questioning it so… Harry gave a weary sigh and put his hand out. Honestly, this school…

“Up!” And low and behold, a broom was suddenly in his hand. He blinked at it in surprise, only half expecting that to have actually worked.

Okay, magic is wicked cool.

Pleased with himself he looked around the class, most of the Slytherins were waiting patiently with their brooms already in-hand and the few others who Harry had guessed were purebloods seemed to have confirmed this for him by also being experts at this already. As he watched, several others finally got their wiggling brooms on the ground to lift shakily into the air and reached out their hands to grab it—one or two stragglers still had defiant brooms on the ground and one person’s broom hadn’t even twitched.

Neville’s face melted in embarrassment and frustration.

“Hey,” Harry caught his attention and nudged his shoulder with a kind smile. “You don’t even want to fly, right? I’m pretty magic is smart enough to know that much, so it doesn’t want to fly either. It’s not about you.”

Neville didn’t respond but ducked his head again to manually bend down and pick up his broom as Madam Hooch waltzed by already telling them to mount their brooms for the next step and ignoring those who hadn’t figured out the ‘up’ command yet. Rather rude, but then again maybe those who were meant to have their feet on the ground should really stay there for their own safety.

Giving up on Neville’s issues for now, Harry mounted his own broom—eavesdropping as Madam Hooch corrected Draco’s grip from a couple people down from him and trying not to grin as he planned to use that against him later—and corrected his position according to what everyone else around him was doing. It felt super awkward, but the purebloods (ahem, Slytherins) seemed to be the epitome of comfortable and regal, perched on their household cleaning appliances.

Harry wanted to roll his eyes but was distracted by the command to give it a shot and hover a couple feet in the air and suddenly his pulsed picked up in excitement. Pushing off the grass and imagining himself lifting off the ground…

He felt weightless, his heart hammering like thunder in his cheat and head, his stomach flipping in butterflies as he got taller and then the weird disorientation of getting taller turned into the feeling of flying and he just…

He felt totally breathless when his feet hit the ground again—it took everything in him not to just take off into the sky because… because he could and that feeling was wonderful. He wanted it again more than he’d ever wanted anything; wanted it like hunger and thirst and sleep.

To be free.

Only the threat of expulsion shook him out of the euphoria and, grudgingly, he lowered himself back to the ground. But he was already itching to try it again, waiting for the class to end so he could get a broom and run down to the pitch with Draco and test it all out and—and—!

“Mr. Longbottom!”

Hooch’s voice snapped him out of his daze and Harry realized with no small amount of horror that Neville’s feet were at his eyelevel beside him and rapidly rising out of view and his head snapped back in surprise—one look at his friend’s face and he knew Neville was not in control of the broom beneath and he was utterly paralyzed by fear.

“Neville!” He shouted in warning, but the blond just tensed even more and went higher—too high now, dangerously high—and Harry felt his own stomach bottom out in fear for his friend, nearing panic at how hard Neville himself must be panicking.

“I—I can’t—I didn’t-!” He stuttered, face going pale as he was now too high to just tilt off the broom to escape— and then the thing started bucking.

“Mr. Longbottom get back here!” Hooch commanded in a scold as if she couldn’t see the boy had no control at all, and something inside of Harry snapped at the sheer audacity of it all.

There were a thousand things he could’ve said to her in anger and fear for Neville, but none of them would save his friend so before he got himself expelled by yelling at a teacher, he automatically kicked off the ground on the broom he was still mounted on.

In an exhilarating heartbeat that he would’ve enjoyed way more if he wasn’t so panicked, he was by Neville’s side and ducking and weaving as the rouge broom bucked him here and there, Neville’s cry of fear and nausea at the sudden movements breaking his heart.

“Neville! Just—calm a bit, just hold on and tilt yourself forward to the broom to slow it down!”

“I—I—!” Neville clearly attempted just that, but then the broom took off like a bullet into the air—more importantly, directly towards the castle behind them.

“Oh sh-” Harry took off without even thinking, panicking and suddenly it felt like adrenaline made everything clear and he pressed forward to urge his broom faster and faster still and—

—and he was gaining and then all of a sudden he was side-by-side and didn’t even have time to look at Neville or panic about what a stupid thing this was to do because he just reached out and grabbed the front end of Neville’s broom and very awkwardly fell off his broom to forcefully drag the rouge stick earthwards again. It was an awkward grip and he felt his heart lodge into his throat as the weightlessness of flying his own broom disappeared and then both of them were tumbling to the ground with an unhelpful broomstick between them. Neville screamed and it was all Harry could do to hold onto the broom handle with one hand in a death grip, and fist the other into Neville’s robes for dear life.

The ground came up to meet them fast, and it was a sheer miracle his grip on the broom was just enough for him to forcefully command to it to do its bludgering job and FLY for Christ’s sake and it stopped mid-air in its intended floating position just about twenty feet from the ground. Still way too high and as it lifted he was whipped around forcefully, his shoulder screaming in pain as an abrupt reminder that holding onto both the only thing keeping them airborne and Neville’s now free-falling body was a bad idea. He only held on long enough to stop Neville’s momentum dead before he couldn’t hold the broom anymore from the force of it and slipped—two boys and a stupid broomstick going tumbling to the Earth in a free fall that was a lot less scary than it’d been three seconds ago.

Not that twenty feet didn’t still feel like a long way and while Harry managed to right himself and land on his feet enough to roll with a bone-shaking thump, Neville hit chest first and there was a sickening crack that had Harry shaking off the stars he was seeing to scramble over to him.

“Neville! Oh my god Neville—are you okay!? What was that—did you break something!?”

He managed to get to him and pull him over onto his back, biting back a grimace as what was broken was immediately made clear by the ugly angle his wrist was pointed as it cradled against his chest.

“Oh no… I’m so sorry,” He huffed, trying to comfort his friend but utterly failing as Neville was just crying quietly now—fear and pain and whatever else he must be going through too much and honestly Harry couldn’t blame him.

“Mr. Longbottom!” Hooch was suddenly there, many footsteps of the rest of the class close behind her and honestly Harry had forgotten all about them for a second there. Not that Hooch was his favorite person by any means now and he glared at the back of her head as she brushed him aside to help Neville to his feet.

“Poor dear, a broken wrist…” She tutted like caring about her student after he got hurt would win her any points back in Harry’s mind, and he glared harder, just barely biting his tongue. She lifted her head to address the rest of the class. “I’m taking Mr. Longbottom to the infirmary; everyone will keep two feet on the ground or you’ll be expelled faster than you can say quidditch.” She commanded them all, dragging poor Neville away as he tried to stifled his tears now that he realized the whole class was watching him and not quite being able to.

Harry wanted to say something, wanted to be the one to walk him there, but he couldn’t. First of all he was only half sure where the infirmary was and Neville needed to get there asap, not suffer through him wandering around half lost. Second, Neville seemed incredibly humiliated on top of terrified and in pain, and Harry sensed his presence would not be welcome.

It pissed him off to an unbelievable degree, that nothing he did seemed to be enough to help his friends. First Draco, his first friend ever much less in the magical world, and now Neville, who he’d become fiercely protective of out of nowhere and now being this helpless drove him insane.

And to top it all off, Hooch was now on his list and she would be paying for being such a piss poor teacher if he had anything to do with it. McGonagall had warned him day-one about brooms being dangerous, yet the very teacher who was supposed to educate them on it seemed to give zero snitches about actually being safe while flying. And Neville had paid for her mistake, and that was unforgivable.

Had he flattened himself on the ground or flown off into the abyss by accident, he wouldn’t have a problem. But it wasn’t him who got hurt, it was Neville, and that could not stand.

Harry seethed in molten rage as he stood where they left him, watching the door Hooch and Neville had disappeared through long after they’d gone, too furious for words and absolutely at a loss of what to do about it. And he had no idea how long he’d stayed there because time seemed to melt in on the heat of his frustration.

“-Malfoy! Ron you heard what they said—get back here!”

Hermione’s shrill voice finally penetrated his internal temper tantrum and Draco’s name being called forced him to turn his head, and he felt his jaw drop open in shock at what he saw.

Draco quaffling Malfoy and Ronald dunderhead Weasley—on their brooms.

Midair.

With Neville’s Remembrall clutched in Ron’s pudgy hand and both their faces in a now-familiar sneer that Harry was getting sick and tired of seeing. But then, it hit him.

Neville’s Remembrall.

Something inside of his brain snapped with an audible crack, and the feeling left his hands and feet cold as adrenaline started kicking in harder than even when he was free falling—or maybe it just hadn’t stopped, and he was losing his mind from his body working double-time in fear and anger and rage on a deceptively peaceful, sunny, Thursday afternoon.

“If you want it so bad—go get it!” Ron shouted and then he was officially dead to him because Harry would never be able to forgive him for winding back and chucking the glass ball into the air.

Draco made an attempt to chase it but it was glass, and as soon as it left Ron’s hand the smoke inside it turned transparent. As it streaked at a high speed against the clear blue sky it seemed to just disappear, and the Malfoy heir seemed to lose sight of it quickly.

For the second time today, Harry’s body went rouge and he was running full-out across the grass before he even recognized what he was doing, mentally calculating where it was going to come down and forcing his body to run faster than he’d ever run away from Dudley’s gang before. Dudley wasn’t fast after all, but Harry could run miles without much effort thanks to his practice at it in the past couple years and while he’d never done it before, for a hundred meters with as much adrenaline in his veins as he currently had, he could run as fast as he needed to.

He didn’t know how he could keep track of the nearly invisible target, nor did he know how he managed to move that quickly, but he was only a few meters short when it fell in front of him, and he dove for it. Miraculously, his hand-eye coordination was better than even he thought it was, because it landed safely in his hand even while he took a nasty tumble from the speed he’d been running and the angle he’d flung himself at in order to catch it. He ended face-up on the grass, panting as his lungs violently protested the sudden exertion so soon after a near-death experience, and he just lay there trying to take all the sensory information in and utterly failing…

And then, when the blood pumping in his ears stopped deafening him… he heard arguing in the distance.

Familiar voices arguing.

And oh yeah, he was pissed.

He was on his feet in a second, stumbling a bit as his body protested all he’d just been through and knowing he was going to feel that sprint and the fall before it tomorrow morning, but for now he only had two targets on his mind and ignored his body’s protests as he marched across the grass field towards them. They were on the ground now, which was good… he couldn’t throttle them if they were still in the air.

He never knew what people meant about the term blinding fury, and even now he wasn’t blind; he was still alarmingly calm on the outside and could see where everyone was standing in groups around the two arguing boys, varying degrees of annoyed and worried and amused on their faces, with what felt like painfully intense clarity. He even saw Nott catch sight of him and watched his blue eyes go wide at whatever he saw.

He supposed ‘blinding fury’ meant more that whatever consequences or reasons held you back in a normal conversation suddenly disappeared, falling away like leaves on a tree during a windy autumn day. Or ripping off their branches during a September hurricane.

He felt something inside of him break loose, and suddenly it was all he could think about. The rage, the frustration, the audacity…

No more.

He refused to be helpless and do nothing, not when if felt like he was about to explode from this feeling.

Ron and Draco were still exchanging barbs and getting in each other’s face, but for the life of him Harry neither heard nor cared what they were saying. As he passed by in a storm of wrath and ire, he ripped the broom Blaise still had in his hand from the tall Slytherin’s grasp and simultaneously tossed the Remembrall he still had at Hermione, who was the closest Gryffindor to him who first noticed his sudden re-entry into their class. She caught it in surprise the same moment Blaise made a startled noise, but that was all they could do before Harry wound up the broom behind him like a baseball bat without breaking stride.

CRACK!

“Bloody hell!” Ron howled in pain, collapsing to his knees immediately and clutching the top of his head in agony from being beamed in the head with a wooden stick. Harry was half sure people in Hogsmeade had heard that crack of it both hitting his head and the wood giving way against his skull by the way the whole class—all houses alike—flinched in sympathy pain.

“Ha!” Draco crowed triumphantly at the red head on the ground, and given that the broom in his hand was now in two pieces and useless as a blunt weapon, Harry tossed it over his shoulder as he strode past the keening lion on the ground and wound up one more—this time with his fist.

“Oof,” Blaise grimaced, all of Slytherin wincing as well as Draco’s head snapped back from the force of the right hook to the jaw and also landing on the grass, clutching it immediately and whipping his head back up to blink in wild betrayal and surprise at the red head above him.

Harry had no sympathy for either of them, and gave a rather dramatic inhale—but hey, he was going to need the air…

He breathed in.

"ARE YOU ACTUALLY STUPID!?"

The entire field was dead silent in the aftermath of his shout, both Draco and Ron freezing solid and shock at their classmate glaring down at them, and everyone else just watching with jaws slightly agape and too stunned/horrified to do much more besides stare and/or lean back from the scene in alarm.

Harry continued, uninterrupted.

"WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU!? SHE CLEARLY SAID YOU'D BE EXPELLED IF YOU GOT ON THAT STUPID BROOM AND YOU'VE ONLY BEEN HERE TWO WEEKS--WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING!? IF YOU GOT YOUR STUPID ASS EXPELLED AND LEFT ME HERE ALONE I’D TRACK YOU DOWN AND KILL YOU MYSELF—NO STUPID BROOM STUNTS NECESSARY!" He directed most of that at Draco, before spinning around to barrel down on Ron who shunk into the ground in surprise and wide-eyed fear/pain.

"AND YOU! YOU'RE ABSOLUTELY STUPID IF YOU THINK IT'S OKAY TO GO AROUND CHUCKING OTHER PEOPLE'S PROPERTY AROUND LIKE A LUNATIC. THAT WAS NEVILLE’S YOU ABSOLUTE LOON AND IF YOU GO MESSING WITH HIM OR HIS STUFF AGAIN I WILL END YOU WEASLEY, AM I PERFECTLY CLEAR!? WHAT THE BLOODY HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU TWO!? WE'RE ALL YEAR MATES SO GET OVER YOUR OWN DAMN SELVES BEFORE I LOSE MY MARBLES ON THE BOTH OF YOU AND TRUST ME I DON'T NEED MAGIC TO BEAT YOUR IDIOTIC ASSES."

He both figuratively and literally exploded in their faces; unbeknownst to him, that snapping sound he vaguely half-heard in the back of his head was actually his magic cracking under the force of extreme stress, and it unleashed itself in the form of an intense heat wave that crackled the once-green grass around them into slightly crispier, browning lawn. His anger and rage not only felt unbearably hot while trapped inside of him and demanding an outlet, but it also felt hot to literally everyone standing within five meters of him.

By the time he finished yelling, other than the two idiots on the ground, everyone had quickly backed up—some only taking a neat step back in alarm, others quickly evacuating the zone the heatwave touched, and some rightly cautious Slytherins were all the way back by the castle by the time he was blinking past his haze and panting tiredly from the afternoon’s ordeal.

He ignored everyone else and glowered down at the two in front of him, who both flinched automatically. He crossed his arms over his chest, still infuriated but the red hot fury quickly becoming at least a but more controllable now that he’d gotten some of it out of his system.

"Morons. Honestly, what's wrong with you two!?"

They could only gape at him, even as he stood there awaiting an answer.

Actually, pretty much everyone was staring at him now, the field eerily silent.

Until…

“Ahem… Mr. Potter.”

He felt his anger cool it a bit as he paled, turning and blinking widely at none other than Professor McGonagall, who was in the doorway to the school a bit a ways away, observing the scene in front of her with the killer poker face she was known for. She wasn’t the only one who jumped—apparently many had been so wrapped up in his temper tantrum that not even the Slytherins or more observant Ravenclaws has even sensed her arrival until she’d spoken.

Crap. I’m dead.

McGonagall gave nothing away though as she nodded to the two boys on the ground, then met his gaze sternly. “I see you've taken it upon yourself to reprimand these two."

Draco and Ron had the decency to flinch at her tone, and Harry wasn’t feeling charitable enough to pity them. Also, he figured he was in trouble too and was selfish enough to be more worried about himself at that point.

"Mr. Weasley, Mr. Malfoy, detention with me for the next week. Mr. Potter, come with me."

Wait… what?

000

"Seeker?"

"It was an amazing catch. A glass ball is harder than a snitch in a lot of ways and he wasn't even on a broom." Seamus was even more enthusiastic about it than Harry himself when he’s spilled the news at dinner that night.

"And you kind of caught Neville which proves you can at least fly too. She must have faith you can put the two together." Dean offered diplomatically, which Harry appreciated.

"I hope so, I really did like flying and it's cool I get to do it a year early." He agreed, still rattled from today’s events but feeling a bit jittery and dazed—mostly aftershocks from the adrenaline of it all but also in intense relief he hadn’t been expelled or even reprimanded for attacking two students and breaking a school broom. "I'd be more upset she was treating me special because of my last name but I get the feeling she just really likes quidditch and wants to win. I could probably be a poltergeist and she wouldn't care so long as I could play."

Both boys snickered at that… McGonagall was practically preening at the teacher’s table now which was a weird look on her and many people noticed. She’d told him to keep it quiet (he was supposed to be a ‘secret weapon’ or something for the start of the season) but really she was giving it away herself by being so out of character.

Harry still wasn’t sure how he really felt about being voluntold that he was going to be on the quidditch team, but since as McGonagall had introduce him to Wood he’d been 100% sure he was going to be expelled or at least given detention for the rest of his days at Hogwarts, the turn of events was enough of a relief to get him to agree to anything just not to be in trouble. Also, his reasoning was true in that McGonagall really hadn’t treated him special at all prior to that, and the manic gleam in her eye when talking about quidditch was a lot like Seamus’, and Dean’s when they talked football, so he kind of got it.

Also, he realized it meant he would be flying quite a bit and have a legitimate excuse to do it nearly year-round now, and he already decided he loved flying. Even the near-death flying he’d done with Neville… it was exhilarating and kind of addicting. Even if it was favoritism and people would talk about him being the youngest seeker in a century or whatever, much less if they said it was linked to his being the Boy Who Lived, if he got to fly again then he just didn’t care.

Just then, he spotted Neville entering the Great Hall and waved him over immediately, the blond ducking his head but with a tiny smile on his face rather than the tears he’d left in. It unwound something tight and ugly in Harry’s chest and he relaxed fully for the first time in what felt like hours when Neville slipped onto the bench beside him and gave one of his very earnest, hesitant smiles.

"Hi, Harry… thanks for trying to catch me." He seemed very genuine grateful, and still a bit embarrassed by it giving the pink on his cheeks.

"No worries! Are you alright? How's your wrist?" He picked up Neville’s wrist himself to inspect, being extremely gentle until he realized there wasn’t even a bruise there, although the blond let him do it contentedly.

"All healed—Madam Pomfrey's good at what she does, if not a bit scary."

"That's amazing; magical medicine is truly a miracle." He was actually very stunned at the total lack of evidence of what was a pretty gnarly injury, before grinning up at him reassuringly. "How's the nerves though? Still interested in learning to fly?"

"Ah, no… I'm good keeping both my feet on the ground." Neville shrugged, but seemed better than he had earlier for some reason. "I heard what you did for me, too… Hermione told me when she gave back my Remembrall. And everyone's talking about how you're the youngest seeker in a century now." He smiled hesitantly again, almost teasingly as if he knew how being “famous” irritated him, and Harry wanted to be annoyed but Neville was the one who’d brought it up so all he could do was give a playful grimace.

"I just want to fly, none of that." He waved it off quickly. "But it's good you're okay. The ball is okay and all that?"

"Yep!" He slipped it out of his pocket to hold it up as proof that it was still perfectly undamaged but frowned as the smoke immediately turned red under his touch. "Still don't know what I've forgotten though…"

Harry just put his hand over it to push it back down and shot him a wink. "I'm sure it'll turn up, whatever it is." Neville considered that for a moment before smiling slightly and returning it to his pocket. Harry wasted no time in grabbing his plate and loading it up for him happily . “Sit and eat something! You almost died, that has to make you hungry!”

“Not sure that’s how it works.” Came a hum from across from them.

“Shut up Dean, the guy needs treacle tart after that.”

“Right, right…”

"Also, Harry,” Seamus looked up as if he’d just remembered something and caught their attention. He just grinned wickedly though. “Remind me to never to piss you off."

Harry was a bit surprised by his face getting hot at that, even more so when everyone dissolved into a fit of laughter—even Neville started laughing quietly and he put the plate down quickly to do his best Blaise impersonation by sticking his nose in the air.

"Okay, I lost my temper, ha ha…"

"That's quite the temper though. Gryffindor loves that you punched a Malfoy and the Slytherins are in hysterics that Weasley still has a lump on his head--they say Pomfrey said they should have their bruises healed on their own since it wasn't induced by magic. They’re relatively harmless aside from being a bit sore, and they deserved it for acting like children." Seamus explained cheerily—far too cheerily, in Harry’s opinion.

“I heard her say that to them too, in the hospital wing,” Neville seconded that with a sly grin far too devious for the kind blond. Harry wanted to be both proud and indignant and settled for adding more food to Neville’s plate than he knew his friend could eat as vengeance.

He did feel a bit guilty for marking up Draco's unnaturally perfect complexion with a huge black, blue, and green bruise, but he deserved it for being a child. He didn't feel all that guilty for giving Ron a mild concussion though, and wondered what that said about him.

"So if it's not magic I can get away with whacking people. Excellent." He nodded to himself, both Dean and Seamus’ faces going sober in a second at that.

"No—no, no, bad logic!" They back tracked quickly, and they all dissolved into laughter that time as dinner carried on as usual to close out a particularly eventful day.

If Harry spared the Slytherin table no spare glances that night as his own form of revenge, the Gryffindors around him didn’t notice.





Chapter 17: Book 1 : Pride : 17




“Weasley was the one who started it, you know.” Blaise hummed lightly as he stirred their caldron with careful, rhythmic motions. He hadn’t said anything but had seemed insanely amused when Harry had chosen to sit next to him in potions the next day and let Draco work solo at the desk in front of them.

Draco was clearly Snape’s favorite and Blaise was still the untouchable-Slytherin so the wide smile on the Zabini’s face prevented the potions master from commenting, but instead snapped at them to get started and entertained himself the rest of the double-period by harassing the teams on the other side of the room and slowly chipping away at Gryffindor’s points. Draco was, annoyingly enough, fantastic at potions and without a partner to slow him down had finished in the first hour and been excused without so much as a glance behind him at either house eyeing his back curiously.

Their whole year level had seen Harry lose it on him and Ron and were now curious to see how it would affect their friendship, the gossips whores that they were. Ron had been avoiding him like the plague which Harry was 100% fine with, but Draco seemed hell-bent on pretending nothing was wrong.

Except for the fact where he wouldn’t look at anyone anymore and just pretended he was alone in the world.

Maybe he was just taking after Nott’s lead, really.

“I frankly don’t care who started it.” Harry replied in the same feigning polite tone Blaise had, and the tall Slytherin smirked down at him as he checked their potion’s consistency.

“So all are guilty by association?”

“I didn’t see you on a broom, now did I?” He challenged, and Blaise nodded slowly at that.

“But he was doing it to defend one of your friends. I figured that was a Gryffindor-ish thing you might appreciate.”

“May I remind you that the hat had to seriously think about if it wanted me in Gryffindor or Slytherin—just because I ended up in Gryffindor doesn’t mean I’m entirely thrilled with every character trait of the place. And Draco is my friend because he is in Slytherin for quaffle’s sake; him going rouge Gryffindor on me is just annoying. I get enough of that from my own house, thanks. I have to live with Ron, remember?”

Blaise grimaced delicately. “Right… my condolences.” He tiled his head then as he went about crushing up some beetle shells Harry handed to him. “It seems to me the two of you are terrible influences on each other. You become infinitely more devious when hanging around us too often, and now Draco being all brave and brash out of nowhere. It’s probably your own fault.” He pointed out.

Harry could only groan lowly as he took over stirring the cauldron, this time carefully in the opposite direction.

“I don’t necessarily think breaking out of your house stereotype is a bad thing… there’s something to be said for being loyal, brave, clever, and wise. None of those are terrible things at all. It’s the other end of the spectrum… the gullible, stupid, cold, and prejudiced side of the house aspects that get us all in trouble, and then to have this rivalry that turns what should be two houses with compatible traits and reduces us all down into either dunderheads or assholes. Or worse: both.”

Blaise snorted under his breath as he sliced up their final ingredient with an eerie precision implying he was more familiar with a knife than most eleven-year-olds. “What exactly do you want of Draco in this situation? You seem content to just ignore him but you two were fully ready to be friends despite all odds until yesterday, and honestly he was in the right against Weasley so this kind of seems like a stupid thing to give up on him for.”

And he was right of course, and Harry would’ve asked why Blaise seemed to be taking his side rather than Draco’s… or why he was content to play both sides at the moment, but he couldn’t be bothered to be paranoid about the untouchable-Slytherin’s goals right now.

Harry didn’t answer until Blaise finished his step and added the last ingredient, waiting until their potion was the perfect color if not slightly too thick a consistency before turning off the heat and bottling it quickly to hand in. With their bottles set aside and them writing their names to label them, he sighed heavily.

“I’m just tired of hate.” He finally admitted, Blaise pausing to look at him curiously. “I am so, so tired of hate. Who was right, who was wrong… it doesn’t matter if Neville’s only gift from his grandmother ended up in pieces. Neither Ron nor Draco would be held truly responsible for the actual consequence of what they were fighting over: Neville would. And Neville’s never done anything to either of them, but they’d have made him suffer over their fighting regardless. Ron was an arse and Draco acted like a child, but at in the end Neville would’ve paid the price for both of their actions and no one seems to consider or care about how others suffer for their choices.”

“To be honest, no one seems to consider Longbottom at all.” Blaise chimed in unhelpfully, grinning at the glower Harry shot him for that. “But what exactly do you want from the two of them then? What’s done is done—just a promise it won’t happen again?”

“Oh, it definitely will.” Harry sighed, picking up his bag to put his books back, causing Blaise some surprise.

“You think they’re a lost cause?”

“No, but the two of them are paying the price for someone else’s actions like we all are. Suffering because someone somewhen decided Slytherin and Gryffindor needed to hate each other.” Frustrated, zipped his bag tight and needed to take a deep breath. “I am so sick and tired of hate. I will defend my friends to the death but I can’t defend someone from their own hate, and I honestly do not have the energy anymore to even try. Draco was supposed to me more Slytherin that this—letting stupid emotions and prejudices get in the way of the actual goal here.” He met Blaise’s curious gaze with an iron look of his own. “I’ll forgive him when he remembers he’s supposed to be a Slytherin and gets his act together to actually act like one.”

Blaise smiled at that, reminding Harry a lot of that wolf Draco had once compared him to.

“You’re my favorite Gryffindor, you know that?” He hummed.

Harry smiled politely as he slung his bag over his shoulder and took his potion to hand in. “While Draco is being a snitch, you’re my second favorite Slytherin.”

“Wait, whose you’re favorite?” He demanded immediately. Harry just grinned as he placed his potion on Snape’s desk and headed for the door, stopping by the table behind them to wave enthusiastically at Nott—who’d clearly been eavesdropping and looking 100% done with all of them.

“Bye Nott, have a great weekend okay?” He purred in the friendliest voice he could muster. The glare he got in return was almost as enjoyable as the indignant cry of rage from Blaise behind him as he made his hasty exit.

000

September seemed to go quickly after that, and while the stress of worrying about Draco’s short temper and how he was being treated within his house was replaced with the more intense worry of if he was ever going to talk to Draco again at all, life continued on like it usually did, regardless of Harry’s opinion on the matter.

The biggest change in his life was quidditch. McGonagall proved once and for all that she had absolutely lost her marbles by buying him a wicked awesome broom that Harry absolutely never wanted to get off of every time he took to the sky on it, and suddenly a lot of his schedule was filled with quidditch practice with an actual team, which Harry was very happy to find that George and Fred were players on as well. Having them there for his first team practice (Wood—another quidditch fanatic of slightly insane levels—having spent a lot of one-on-one time with him bringing him up to speed on the rules and Gryffindor’s tactics already) was a surprising blessing as some of the girls had given him a side-eye for the neon pink shorts he’d chosen for the hot September night.

Any question on his outfit choices was derailed when the twins had dropped to their knees and cried in dramatic fear that that was his ‘ass kicking’ outfit and they were all in for it now. It had sparked enough laughter and was so weird that the color of his shorts seemed secondary to surviving he intense training regime Wood had whipped up on the spot to get them to stop goofing off.

Wood wouldn’t care if he himself were wearing a tutu so long as they won their next game, and it didn’t take long until that was the general atmosphere of the team too. Katie, one of the chasers, had even asked where he’d gotten one of his band t-shirts and as a muggleborn herself seemed highly entertained when he’d described the store, but that had been the extent of comments on his outfits on the most part. They were all mostly there to play, after all, and honestly the girls on the team were not half a likely to wear sparkly things in their hair as Harry was so…there was that.

He hadn’t quite expected to be so successful in getting into McGonagall’s good books so early in his time at Hogwarts either, but by being an exemplary student in transfiguration and now the ‘secret weapon’ seeker on her quidditch team, he was fairly certain if she were to ever admit to such things, he’d definitely be her favorite. He appreciated that she was still painful strict and fair when it came to grades and most rules (non-quidditch rules, apparently) so it felt more like an accomplishment on his part rather than favoritism because of the fame he couldn’t control.

Also, he rather like that people kept bringing up how good he was at transfiguration. His trade with Neville for transfiguration in exchange with herbology help seemed to be doing wonders for the both of them, as well as Neville’s confidence as he was actually a very good teacher when he was speaking on something he both liked, and knew a lot about. The praise felt nice and he was helping Neville who was admittedly very bad at transfiguration, so he ended up putting more effort into the subject than he would've otherwise.

And while he was her favorite he was also determined to get McGonagall to crack a smile once before he graduated so he made a habit of reading ahead so he could needle her with annoying questions during class—it usually ended up with him having more homework but he liked to think she was enjoying it, and entertained by his ‘complaining’.

So far as the actual playing quidditch bit… well, he loved flying and was apparently very good at it, but he’d never played any sport before so he had no idea if he was actually any good or McGonagall and Wood were just on a sports-frenzy when they touted his skill. McGonagall was pretty objective though and Wood was brutal with his honesty when they weren’t playing well, so maybe their belief in him was warranted. It was just that catching a golden ball over and over and over again got repetitive and while dodging blungers got his heart racing, Fred and George were great at their jobs at keeping them preoccupied, basically being a pair of human blungers themselves. He wondered how good they’d actually be against a real team, as he heard Slytherin had won the cup for several years in a row now.

He supposed he’d have to wait for the season to start to see.

Another large change that happened was his status in at least his year level; he supposed throwing a massive fit in front of everyone was enough to get their attention, and not in the ‘that’s Harry Potter’ kind of way, but more a ‘that’s the guy who physically attacked a Slytherin and a Gryffindor equally without using magic in front of McGonagall and got away with it’ kind of way. Seamus hadn’t been kidding that he’d gotten major credit in both Slytherin and Gryffindor for doing that—Gryffindor because they thought it was hilarious and awesome, and Slytherin because he half suspected most of them had the urge to slap Ron at least once and were too restrained to actually do such a thing, and Draco had been their problem child for a while now so seeing him get decked didn’t irritate them too much.

Harry felt a little bad that he was responsible for both Draco’s poor position and the bruise on his face now, although it faded in a couple days rather quickly. The bruises faded that is, not his guilt.

He made a lot of Hufflepuff friends as people came up to him to talk about it, cheering him on as they too were a bit annoyed with the two house rivalry, and he’d gotten an earful from both Hermione and several Ravenclaws who were appalled by the blatant display of violence. Some more chill Ravenclaws said it was enjoyable, but most thought it was pretty startling—better than the normal fighting in the halls or passive aggressive comments during class, but still not their favorite thing.

Still, as everyone liked to argue and tell him what they thought of his actions like they had any say at all in what he did as bystanders to his own life’s drama, he found that he was getting a lot less stares and people were for some reason happier to talk to him like he was an actual person now. Harry—and not Harry Potter.

Maybe because he was acting extremely different from what they’d always assumed “The Boy Who Lived” should’ve—he looked nothing like the books they’d written about him, dressed weirder than anyone they’d ever met, was a Gryffindor that hung out with Slytherins as a personal choice, and was now proven to have a very un-heroic temper that no one was safe from (if he’d gone after his best friend who was a Slytherin and his own Gryffindor dormmate, NO ONE was safe). He was different, and a person rather than some idol, and what’s more than that was that he was willing to actually talk to people and hang out with anyone, anytime, so people quickly learned who he actually was instead of whispering from the distance and making their own assumptions.

The more these kinds of things happened, the more Harry made it a point to sit next to new people in every class, to find a new spot at one of the house’s tables (not Slytherin for the moment, other than if Blaise and Nott were there and Draco wasn’t because he wasn’t ready to deal with that yet), to walk with new people to each class, to partner with someone new (aside from Neville in herbology because Harry needed the help) and all around just be more engaged in the people around him. He didn’t necessarily like everyone, but he could talk to people and got to know them at least a little bit, and if they never sat next to each other again because they just weren’t going to be friends like that, then fine.

But he at least tried, he’d introduced himself, and they knew him as a person instead of some legend, and that quickly made all the difference in the world.

Blaise, of course, noticed immediately what he was doing and grinned like that wolf he was when he’d pointed it out.

Harry knew right then and there exactly what the hat had meant by needing to think like a Slytherin while he was in Gryffindor to get places: he was making friends in order to obtain some kind of status for himself, and being a Gryffindor is what was giving him the opportunity to do such a thing. Gryffindor wouldn’t give him he time of day if he were trying to do this as a Slytherin, and while not impossible for Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw, it’d definitely be much harder. Slytherin would be a tough nut to crack, but they could be swayed with logic and the right amount of cunning… and a lot of patience. Gryffindor on the other hand, was just blind prejudice and emotion when it came down to it.

Exhibit A: Ron Weasley.

And so, while the Draco situation never fully left his mind, his first month at Hogwarts seemed to speed by in the blink of an eye with never enough downtime to ever get truly caught up in his more troubling thoughts. Between schoolwork, the extra transfiguration assignments, quidditch as a first year, and slowly making his way through the school until he was fairly certain he knew everyone in a very general way, his schedule was packed and before he knew it, it was October.

The first Saturday in October though, things got weird.

Given he was an early riser even on Saturdays and Blaise had told him to bugger off since the Slytherins (the only people up early enough on the weekends for him to bother) were studying for their first big defense test and his nosy self was not invited, he’d elected to visit Hagrid. He felt bad about not stopping by to visit the giant man nearly as much as he planned to, but the Keeper of the Keys didn’t seem to mind at all, just welcomed him in for some tea and then let him trail along as he did his normal route around the grounds to ensure everything was alright. Curious as to what that actually entailed, Harry tagged along for the fun of it and had a great morning listening to Hagrid talk about the trees and gardens and forests. By even an hour into their walk, Harry now fully understood why it was called the Forbidden Forest and was making plans to just never ever go in there.

“And how big are we talking here?” He frowned deeply at Hagrid’s back as the groundskeeper waltzed forward in front of him uncaringly, large head craned up to evaluate the tree line since apparently it had a habit of spontaneously encroaching onto the open field and could be violent if you let it go like that too long. Harry would’ve asked what Hagrid meant about trees getting violent if he hadn’t already met the Whomping Willow on his mini-tour—Hagrid was apparently very fond of it so they’d gone there early in the tour.

“No bigger than Fang, I’d reckon.” Hagrid answered his question, only half paying attention but instead squinting at the trees.

“Right. Tarantulas the size of a large dog. Fabulous. And how many did you say there were?”

“Oh ‘undreds, easy. Aragog is a proud father!”

Right, note to self: stay the snitch away from the trees.

He took a neat, subtle step away from said trees to make sure Hagrid was now walking between him and forest, pretending to also look at the trees as if equally as fascinated by their leaves while more pertinently scanning the undergrowth for eyes… or fangs.

“Acromantula venom actually ‘as a ton ‘o uses ya know, fer potion makin’ and one or two old alchemy tricks—ah, but they don’t teach alchemy at Hogwarts anymore, such a shame that is.” Hagrid chatted, seeming happy to keep talking so long as he had a listener and Harry was just content to jog along with his huge pace and take it in. “Venom like Aragog’s is pretty pricy too—‘bout a ‘undred galleons a pint I’d say, cause it dries up in hours after a spider dies like that, and milking a live one is impossible if yer not friends with tha beast! Might be th’ only reason Snape is actually kinda civil to me, cause I can get him a ton of rare ingredients if he’s patient enough. Like venom and even unicorn tears too!”

Unicorns!? Heck yeah—gotta ask about that…

“Ah but Aragog might be the las’ o’ his kind these days… Acromantulas come from the rainforests in Asia ya see, and there was a ban in the 60s on breedin’ ‘em.” He paused, glancing back at the student behind him but Harry just politely raised an eyebrow as Hagrid blushed under his big bread. “Ah—Aragog it older than that… promise.” He chuckled a bit nervously and Harry just gracefully took his pause for his advantage.

“There are unicorns in the forest?” He changed the subject tactlessly and Hagrid was only too eager to jump on it to get away from the implication that he had an illegally bred monster-spider stashed in the forest. (Honestly, for how earnest and good-willed the guy was, when it came to dangers beasts he didn’t seem to think twice about breaking laws…)

“Of course! Got a whole heard! They don’ much like men, prefer women mostly, but they’ve pass by me a couple o’ times as if ta say hi here an’ there. I take care o’ the forest so they seem to be fine with me in their area every so often—the foles are a brilliant gold color and don’t mind men as much now that I think about it, I’ve manage to pet one once.”

“Wow…” Harry’s felt awe at that. Magical creatures was probably twice as interesting as magical plants to be honest. “What color are the adults?”

“At about two or so they’re a silver color, then when they’re full adults they get this white glow about ‘em. They say it makes fresh snow look grey, and I’d hafta agree to be honest.” Hagrid grinned happily at the memory and now Harry was dying to meet one.

“What do they think of all the, uh… other creatures in the forest?”

“Ha! Almost nothing is faster than a unicorn—even th’ most aggressive beast in here could never catch ‘em.”

“Then how do wizards? For the cores of wands and such?”

“Trust. Only way a hair of a unicorn or unicorn tears is worth anythin’ magically is if it’s freely given. That’s why Ollivander’s got a good thing goin’; his ancestor had a friendship with the creatures and he can ask ‘n so long as they still like ‘im they’ll let ‘im take a hair or two. A hair taken by force loses a lot o’ its magical properties—or at least th’ good ones that make it a good wand core. Same concept of unicorn blood—it can heal almost anythin’, but kill a unicorn or take its blood by force an’ you’ll be cursed worse ‘n anything you can imagine, even if it does have some truly impressive healing ability.”

“Curse aside, you’re an arse if you kill a unicorn.” Harry huffed, and Hagrid let out a startled chuckle at that.

“True, true.” He agreed cheerfully.

“So unicorns, centaurs, trolls, thestrals, giant spiders, trees who are jerks… any other terrifying creatures you tend to?”

“They’re not terrifyin’ if ya’ get to know ‘em!” Hagrid defended himself.

“Says that guy whose got a spider taller than himself as a pet, already giving that you’re like ten feet tall.” Harry rolled his eyes, but Hagrid politely ignored that by sticking his nose in the air in a hilariously unknowing impersonation of Blaise.

“Aragog is no pet, he’s more a friend than anythin’! And tricky beasts tha’ people call dangerous are jus’ that: tricky. Nah, it's all about 'ow ya treat 'em! Take Fluffy fer example, play 'im a bit o' music and he falls right asleep!"

"Fluffy?"

Hagrid froze misstep, getting a very suspicious, highly guilty look on his face. He looked down at the boy beside him as if ducking his head like he’d been caught. Heck, he was even shifting his weight like a child caught stealing from the cookie jaw red handed!

"Ah… I shouldn'ta said that… I shouldn'ta said that…"

Well now I HAVE to know.

"Hagrid. Who and what is Fluffy."

"Sorry 'arry I shouldn't 'ave said a thing, don' worry about 'im."

"That's not comforting. You do realize you have a habit of naming harmless things ferocious names—like Fang, for one— but then very, very dangerous creatures increasingly innocent names. Clive ring any bells?"

“Clive was a good friend!”

“Clive was a spitting scorpion lemur. How you got it in your hut, much less convinced it not to kill you when it very much wanted to, I’ll never know.”

Luckily (and unluckily) that was the day he’d convinced Neville to visit Hagrid with him, and the poor blond had immediately fainted upon meeting the terrifyingly bite-sized demon-lizard-thing. Upon taking his friend to Madam Pomfrey to explain the situation, it’d gotten around to Dumbledore who apparently had a chat with Hagrid about his pets and Clive had been re-homed by the following day.

Harry had a bad feeling he’d run into Clive in the Forbidden Forest somewhere if he was ever dumb enough to go in there, that was just the kind of luck he had.

"Ah, well…" Hagrid shifted his weight again as if he were caught.

"Fluffy implies it's a terrifying monster." Harry insisted.

"He is not!" The giant defended this mysterious pet immediately, seeming to forget to look guilty for a second. "Like I said, a bit 'o music and he's cuddly as a pup, I promise!"

"Yes, but what is he? And actual puppy or…?"

"Ah… shouldn't say."

“Then can I meet him, if he’s so cuddly? Should I sing while I pet him?”

“No!” Hagrid immediately back pedaled, grimacing when he realized what he’d done when he saw Harry’s expectant look.

"And why not?" He demanded.

Hagrid seemed to slump, realizing there was no way out of this without dropping the subject altogether, and he was far too polite and well-meaning to do such a thing. "Dumbledore wanted ta use 'im for an important mission and he's supposed ta be a secret." He confessed, almost in shame to be admitting it.

"Well you don't have to tell me what the important mission is or anything about the secret. I'm just curious about what kind of creature Fluffy is. Please Hagrid?" Harry pulled out his own puppy eyes— and it was probably his love of animals that won Hagrid over rather than the look, but either way in the end the large man ran a hand through his hair in defeat before giving a conspiring grin.

"Ah, well… he's a Cerberus. But a lovely one!"

"A Cerberus?"

Why did that sound familiar?

…wait.

"A Cerberus, as in… a three headed dog?"

"Yeah, and a mighty beaut' at that. Got lovely fur and is a big ol' sweetheart when ya get to know him." Hagrid chirped happily, seeming pleased now that his ‘secret mission’ wasn’t being threatened and now he could talk about one of his pets freely.

"Big… how big?" If Hagrid thought he was big then it had to be impressive. "Like, Great Dane big?"

"Nah, Cerberus' can be big as 'ouses ya know! Fluffy's a bit 'o a runt though, but he's taller than me by quite a bit by now."

Harry was horrified. Absolutely horrified.

"Oh my god." He hadn’t even realized he’d spoken aloud until Hagrid was answering him.

“He’s impressive, right? I wish ya could meet ‘im, ‘arry, but maybe next year when he’s done ‘is mission for Dumbledore.” Hagrid offered kindly, as if taking Harry’s shock as awe instead of the bone-deep terror that it was. This guy…

“Uh, sure. Maybe next year.”

And by that I mean maybe next year I’ll come up with another excuse not to meet your twenty-foot three-headed guard dog of hell, thanks.

Hagrid seemed pleased enough with his lie though and nodding happily as he continued his patrol around the grounds, and Harry decided that maybe he’d had enough of learning about Hagrid’s pets for one day.

000

“Something bothering you, Apples?” Fred—or George, but Harry just randomly decided to call the twin who sat down to his left Fred—chirped happily as two of him slipped onto the bench on either side of him at lunch. The one to his right he dubbed George, as said twin leaned around with him a grin.

“You’ve got a mighty impressive frown on your face there. Big thoughts?” He snickered, helping himself to the soup of the day.

“Spent the morning with Hagrid, learning about his pets.” He admitted.

“That’ll do it.” They both chorused in sync, sharing a look over the first year’s head.

“Let us recount the horrific tales of Phil to you, one of these days.” Fred offered sagely.

“Yeah no, I’m good—I can imagine.” Harry shivered at the very thought of whatever beast Hagrid had named something so deceptively cuddly. “Thing is, something he said this morning got me thinking. And actually, you two might be the best people to ask about it…”

“Oh do tell?” George perked up curiously.

Harry paused, thinking over exactly how he wanted to phrase this. He couldn’t exactly come out and say that Hagrid’s implication that Dumbledore was using a three-headed hellhound for a secret mission like this was some bad action movie had set off every alarm bell in his brain because he inherently distrusted their seemingly harmless Headmaster. He didn’t want to mention how little he distrusted the Headmaster at all actually, because he seemed to be a very well liked guy and disliking him seemed like a very Slytherin thing that may not go over well with his Gryffindor housemates. The fact of the matter was though, that he was bored and had been reminded that Albus Dumbledore was a suspicious figure and he’d shelved a lot of things for consideration at a later date when he had time—and well, now was that time.

The easiest to tackle today though, was addressing the plethora of weird rules Hogwarts had—and who better to ask about the rules than the two people most likely to break every single one of them?

“I was just thinking about some of the rules Hogwarts has. Like, why a restricted section in the library? Or even had a curfew for upper years when they should be able to study? And why the hell do we keep Peeves around—does he have a purpose other than to be a prick?”

Fred snorted on his lunch so hard he almost choked, and George grinned from ear to ear.

“Asking the big questions—I like it!” He cheered. “Now where to start… yeah, the curfew thing is probably a farce.”

“Our theory is that it’s to give Filch something to do at night since he’s a lonely, miserable old man who gets kicks out of hunting down kids who break curfew.”

“Then again it’s probably half our faults and those of tricksters like us,” Fred chimed in. “Nighttime is great for pulling pranks!”

“Then again, the paintings all talk to each other and Dumbledore’s got his hooks in all of them, so you’ve got to be careful even then,” George winked, and Harry sat up straight at that revelation.

Talk about having ears to the ground… how many bloody paintings are in this school again!?

“Restricted section is probably a good one though—a lot of those books are cursed or enchanted.”

“We’re only just learning about some of the nasty stuff in there as third years, but you can’t remove the curses without damaging the material so it’s left alone for upper years who already know about what they might find in there.”

“It’s less about the material though—the library is huge so look hard enough and you’ll find all sorts of dark and deep material.”

“It’s just not cursed or Madam Pince hasn’t read it yet to know itty bitty first years shouldn’t be reading it yet—and there’s thousands of books so it’s probably not hard if you keep looking!”

“As for Peeves—that’s anyone’s guess. He’s even annoying to us and that’s just impressive.”

“He’s not that old, he’s definitely only come around in that last couple decades so it’s probably Dumbledore being lenient.”

“He’s even against killing the boggarts that can gather in some closets. He’s real against killing stuff like that.”

“Boggarts?” Harry frowned, not having heard of that creature before, although he did make note of Dumbledore’s apparently leniency as the twins called it.

“Sure, nasty pieces of work they are. Creatures who hide in dark corners—no one knows what they look like.”

“Yeah, as soon as it sees you, and you them, it turns into your worst fear. Only way to get rid of it is to mentally force it into looking like something funny and laughing at it—laughing will make it back off but won’t kill it.”

“Then how do you kill one?” he frowned.

The twins exchanged looks, realizing at once that they didn’t know.

“No clue.” They chorused.

“We only learn how to kill dark creatures in class, but not even the spells on how to do it.” George shrugged.

“You’d have to looks those spells up yourself, I think.” Fred tapped his chin thoughtfully.

That’s just horrible planning… what if you really needed to know? Or is Dumbledore’s leniency so far that he refuses to even teach anyone how to kill what sounds like a bug at best? And on that note, how is this thing not deemed a dark creature?

It sounds as if he’s using his position to force his beliefs on people—and if teaching kids not to fight back against their worst fears is how he starts, it doesn’t bode well for what else he’s done.

“Any other questions, Apples?”

“Yeah, unwinding school rules as stupid is simply thrilling!” the twins pulled him from his thoughts, and he blanked out trying to think of something quickly.

“Ah… well, what rule do you think is stupid?”

“Hm,” They crossed their arms over their chests to tap their fingers along their chin eerily in sync—it was kind of freaky how they could mimic each other like that.

“Well, we can kind of figure out where most of the rules came from,”

“We’re the cause of a lot of them!”

“But one we don’t get is what’s up with the third floor this year.”

“Yeah, Dumbledore’s never had a rule like that—and we’ve got three older brothers and parents who are alum of Hogwarts who all say it’s weird too.”

Harry smiled dryly. “Let me guess, you’ve already checked it out?”

Surprisingly the twins shrugged. “I mean not for trying, but Filch is hovering around that place like a hawk.”

“Besides, the floor is huge. Of course we got up there, but in the time we had before Filch came looking, it’s mostly just empty.”

“You’d think if something up there would cause a gruesome death it’d be a little better guarded, right? Aside from Filch, who isn’t exactly who I’d pick as a good guard.” Harry offered thoughtfully.

“Exactly!” they agreed immediately.

“I mean we did go check it out but it looks boring. I’m not sure what Dumbledore is up to but it wasn’t interesting enough to try again.” Fred offered diplomatically.

“Yeah, we break rules for fun but since there’s no fun in breaking that one we gave up.” George agreed, turning back to his soup.

“Although,” Fred frowned, catching Harry’s attention with his slightly off tone. “I mean we did hear barking, like there was a dog in one of the far classrooms or something.”

“You heard barking I thought you were delusional. Nearly Headless Nick said the Friar got a ghost dog the other day, it might’ve been that.”

“That’s not proven yet!”

But the novelty of the twins not being on the same page for once was overshadowed by the cascade of coldness that coated Harry’s body, as the topic of dogs was brought up for the second time that day.

THAT'S why they couldn't go to the third floor!? Because Hagrid's pet Cerberus was in there!? What the bludger is that lunatic told man thinking!? And what the hell secret mission is so damn important that he’d risk setting a hellhound loose in a bloody school!?

“Yo Apples, you look a little pale?”

“Think of something?” Fred tilted his head curiously, before his eyes lit up. “Oh! Is it about the mystery dog!?”

“Guys,” Harry shook his head, dropping his voice noticeably so no one else overheard, the twins instantly sobering up and leaning closer to hear. “Remember I was just talking about Hagrid’s pets?”

The twins blinked, then balked.

“What is it?” George demanded instantly.

“Also why is it in the school and not the forest!?” Fred was asking the real questions here, and Harry nodded gravely.

“For that, I have no clue. As for what it is… you can’t tell anyone or Hagrid might get in trouble, but I’m fairly certain it’s a twenty-foot Cerberus named Fluffy.”

“…”

“…’

The twins took that in for a long minute, then met each other’s gaze over Harry’s head, and nodded once.

“Well, this has been a lovely chat Apples, but I think I hear Wood calling.”

“Indeed! Some more quidditch practice after stuffing ourselves with food is exactly what we need!” They chirped, suddenly back to their normal cheer as if that conversation hadn’t just happened and helping themselves to more bread for their soup in identical, mirror motions on either side of him.

And that’s what Harry loved about the twins.

They were in it for the mischief but they were good guys—Hagrid would get in a lot of heat for owning a Cerberus, having it inside the school, and to top it all of having actually let it slip instead of keeping those facts secret. The twins liked Hagrid, so despite being in it for the fun of it all, they could keep their mouths shut in service of a friend.

Harry had already kind of known that. Ron was their little brother and Percy was their elder brother—and both of them were real pieces of work. The twins hadn’t ever said a damn thing about either of them, their family, or anything else that might cause trouble outside of a prank in Harry’s presence. Hell, they hadn’t even blinked when Harry mentioned Draco, and he knew for a fact via Ron’s loud mouth that the Weasleys and the Malfoys were like oil and water—or fire and gasoline. Even Draco admitted their families were at odds, in not so many words, but instead of getting heated like a typical Gryffindor and a heavily Gryffindor family might, Fred and George had instead displayed a fine talent that few people seemed capable of these days, especially in the wizarding world.

The minded their own snitching business.

“Quidditch sounds fantastic,” He agreed, turning back to his own lunch to finish up quickly. He also decided that Dumbledore was a lunatic, Hagrid was going to cause him to go grey prematurely, and he needed a lot more friends in his life like Fred and George.

000

There was no great alarm bell or crisis (aside from his internal one now that he knew there was a hellhound two floors up), no great proclamation or dramatic confrontation in front of the whole school that changed things. Harry honestly hadn’t even seen it coming, and even later when he tried to think about it in earnest, he had no idea what triggered the change.

Time, perhaps. Time fixed a lot of things.

Not everything, but some things. And Harry wasn’t an incredibly patient person by nature, but he chalked this one up to the virtue he knew he didn’t have, and called it a win even if his stubbornness had played a big part too.

He didn’t notice it at first, but Neville sure as hell did. Harry only looked up when his friend nudged him gently in the side from where he sat beside him at dinner that night, and he followed his friend’s blue gaze to the person who had quite a lot of eyes fixed on him at the moment, standing in the aisle a bit down from them and between the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw table.

Harry was more than a little surprised to see Draco, standing just far enough away to be very awkward. Upon realizing he’d been caught by the person he was clearly here to see, he stiffened up straight and continued walking from where he’d paused, until he was hovering behind him and Neville and forcing them to turn around to look at him.

Which, they did. Or, Harry did and Neville automatically copied although he looked blatantly nervous at what was about to happen.

It could’ve been easier and certainly more dramatic—even probably traumatizing for his baby cactus—to turn his back and ignore him standing behind where the Gryffindor table was having dinner, but this had never been about punishing Draco. It was about sending a message, and if Draco was ready to talk… in the middle of the Great Hall was a weird choice, but Harry wasn’t about to be picky.

He’d missed his first friend, after all.

Draco shifted a bit under his expectant stare, clearing his throat in the only show of discomfort he was willing to show, otherwise keeping his chin up and face blank in a truly impressive regal mask. It was even more impressive given how most of the Gryffindor table was boring holes into him with their eyes—those closes to where Harry was having this confrontation falling quiet to eavesdrop shamelessly.

Grey met green—Draco remaining calm and prideful, and Harry staring challengingly at him, wondering what in the world he was about to say.

Because it had to be good. Draco was a dramatic little brat, so it had to be good.

And oh boy, was it.

Draco met his stare for a long while, before nodded once. He then turned on his heel about 45 degrees to his left and bowed his head politely—at Ron Weasley, of all people, who was gaping hard at what was happening.

Food nearly fell out of his mouth at being addressed so suddenly though.

"I apologize for antagonizing you, Weasley." He spoke clearly, not overly loud but definitely not lowering his voice nor backing away from his graceful tone. He was stiff and curt, but undoubtedly polite as he hastily turned back to Harry and gave him his own tight bow of apology. "And to you, I'm sorry I acted like a child."

Harry could only stare, but something inside of him melted.

He couldn’t help but grin in amusement—not to mention joy. Aw, baby cactus was trying so hard… there was no way he couldn’t forgive him for that. And he’d even apologized to Ron without gagging—the precious child.

"Apology accepted. Now sit and have desert with us." He commanded with a wicked grin, posing yet another challenge to the boy who was clearly trying so hard.

Draco, to his credit, didn’t blink once—or maybe he’d mentally prepared himself for this if that was what was asked of him. He seemed to know Harry very well by now after all, so it wouldn’t be a shock if he’d already guess that his Gryffindor friend might do this.

Still, he did nothing but glance once for wary awareness at the Gryffindors all eyeing him intently around him, before sliding into a seat next to Harry, but the opposite side from Neville. He wasn’t stupid—there was no way that would go well, as Neville would simply flee and Harry would pout about it for the rest of dinner. Not the best tactic when they’d been reunited less than ten seconds.

That did however mean he was between Harry and a very shocked looking Dean, who seemed to freeze entirely, having no clue what he was supposed to do with a snake on the bench beside him. Harry thought both his and Draco’s painfully straight posture giving away that he wasn’t quite as comfortable as he was pretending to be was hilarious and let out a laugh.

He also sent a quick glance around the table at the distant eavesdroppers who were still staring, and upon meeting a warning glare of emerald green, immediately dropped their gazes down to their puddings and politely pretended nothing was wrong.

Everyone seemed to get the message—except one obnoxious party.

"What!? Why the hell is-!?"

Of course that wouldn’t pacify Ron and of course he’d be too thick to read the room. Harry whipped around, a flash of heat surging through his limbs—but by the time he met Ron’s gaze, the annoying redhead was silent.

Still clearly screaming and totally red in the face, but totally silently, as if someone had put him on mute. Harry blinked, taken off guard.

“Apologies for him, Mr. Potter!” Suddenly leaning around their brother, Fred and George flashed him mirror grins.

"Please don't kill our little brother with a fork, Mr. Potter,"

"Though he'd likely deserve it, it seems a harsh way to go," they chime politely, grinning like the cat that got the canary although their eyes were not quite as joking as they usually were.

With a fork? Harry thought incredulously, and then looked down, realizing he’d somehow snatched up a fork from the table without even realizing. Huh… I should really watch out for that temper thing.

Going by not only Dean and Seamus, but also Draco’s slightly horrified expressions as he gently placed the fork back on the table as if pointedly letting it go, he wasn’t the only one who realized this was probably going to be a thing.

Note to self: find a book on anger management.

"If he remains quiet for the rest of the meal, we'll see." He sniffed dramatically out loud, pretending he hadn’t just been about to stab one of his classmates with cutlery. He made a show of relaxing his posture and those around him seemed to relax a bit too.

The twins saluted playfully. “Yes sir!”

Ron, who’d still been yelling through all this and still not realizing he’d been in danger for half a second thanks to his fat mouth, stomped silently on the ground and stormed off, out of the Great Hall in what would’ve been an epic temper tantrum if he weren’t entirely silent.

“That’s a cool spell.” Harry noted to no one in particular.

“We’ll teach it to you sometime!” One of the twins winked and Harry shot them a thankful grin—not just for that, but for everything they’d done today so far. MVP of October was definitely going to the twins, and they were only one day in so far.

"You know we have to share a dorm room with that now," Dean pointed out dryly, finally deciding he had enough of being too tense around Draco and simply returning to his deserts.

"At least he's not skilled enough to hex any of our stuff while where down here." Seamus piped up, also returning to his pudding with gusto.

"Who knows, maybe no one will un-silence him until tomorrow and we'll have a whole night of peace and quiet." Harry offered wistfully, earning a smirk from Draco.

"Seems he's not popular even amongst his house." The Slytherin hummed.

"He's just a bit much sometimes. Doesn't seem like a bad bloke, but if he ain't thick as anything," Seamus sighed, and Harry could only giggle. Half because of the comment, and half because Draco seemed to tense up in surprise that he’d actually been let into this conversation as casually as he was.

Harry laughed it off. "He's rude and he's got personal space issues. Plus, he eats like a dog, but he's not a bad guy."

"Fine. Can't say I want to hang out with him but it's your decision." Draco allowed, and Harry made sure he met his gaze pointedly as he responded.

"Damn straight it is," He intoned blankly with their eyes locked—grey and green charging at each other for the second time in five minutes.

Draco just pressed his lips together and glanced away, picking at the desert in front of him without commenting back.

The first years all missed it, but the upper years who were still shamelessly listening in and hyper-aware of the first year Slytherin sitting at their table for the first time in…ever really, all noticed immediately.

So the Malfoy heir was whipped, huh? And by Harry Potter none the less. Despite being a Slytehrin, the fact it was clear Harry Potter had a hold of him, and he’d been brave enough to walk over here in the middle of dinner meant they could probably give the kid a pass, despite his house. He still walked proud and tall like a Slytherin, and he came over here because he knew what he wanted and wasn’t afraid to act humble and lie to their faces with an apology he didn’t mean if it meant getting into Harry’s good books, but still…

If what the ambitious little snake wanted was Harry, and Harry was going to keep vouching for him and keeping the little blond snake under his thumb, Gryffindor could probably deal with Draco Malfoy at their dinner table every so often.

They would watch of course, but Harry was still Harry Potter the Boy Who Lived to a lot of them, and so he could probably get away with this… if Draco continued to prove he was were for Harry, and no other conniving, snake-like reason.

Gryffindors understood sticking by your friends, after all.

They did not get Slytherin politics, and wanted nothing to do with it.

And Draco would have to learn how to walk that line between the two houses on his own. Tonight marked a first step, with the Gryffindor table relaxing a bit despite who he was and how deeply he’d just situation himself at their table, and Slytherin watching on with unreadable eyes from across the room.

Everyone that is, except a certain untouchable Slytherin who was wiping tears of mirth away from laughing so hard at what he’d just witnessed.

This was going to be a great year.





Chapter 18: Book 1 : Pride : 18




“What happened to Malfoys bow to no one, hm?”

“Blaise I swear to god-”

“I’m just repeating what I’ve heard you say like forty times, and I couldn’t help but notice you bowed to two people just now. Weasley being one of them I might add and what were you saying about his family just now?”

Draco didn’t even bother that with a response, shoving past his roommate and towards his area of the room the second they got back to their dorm. He’d half thought that rooming with a grey-oriented family heir would be slightly easier than with darker families, but Blaise was still a Slytherin and a royal pain he was discovering. And a chatterbox.

But as a Slytherin he had etiquette, and despite this being an open floor plan, if one retreated to their alcove then the polite thing is to leave them be, so as Draco plopped down at his desk, the other two filtered away automatically. Blaise was still grinning like a Cheshire cat, but he’d stopped talking thank god.

Until he turned on Nott with a plethora of other comments from across the room and Draco banged his head onto his desk in utter exasperations.

He frowned into the wood, considering what he was doing.

It had been a calculated risk. Gryffindor would (and does) always believe the apology was a lie, and maybe the apology to Weasley was. He couldn’t erase a lifetime of prejudice in a couple weeks after all, not within himself and not in the wider school, definitely not in the upper years who’ve had quite a while to get entrenched in their ways. So, how to get on the lions’ good side?

They knew the apology was a lie, so he had to get them to think that even if it was a lie, he was there for non-Slytherin reasons.

On the flipside, Slytherin would be watching, and they had to believe it was for Slytherin reasons or they’d denounced him a traitor on top of everything else they called him these days.

The answer had taken him just under a month to figure out, and he hadn’t eaten a thing all dinner as he prepared himself to do it, but in the end… it just might’ve worked. Blaise’s comments to his pride aside.

The answer of course, was that he couldn’t be friends or even on friendly terms with any of the Gryffindors except Harry. He made sure the lions all saw him obey Harry’s orders, and he made sure his body language was uncomfortable and unhappy the entire rest of the night so that the Slytherins didn’t think he was actually enjoying himself.

The truth of the matter? His apology to Weasley was utter bullsnitch and he honestly had nothing against the likes of Dean or Seamus. Their muggleborn or half-blood status left something to be desired, but these days he was trying not to think of that too much. He couldn’t change on a dime, but he was making the conscious effort.

And Seamus knew as much, if not more about quidditch than Draco himself did, so it wasn’t like there wasn’t stuff to talk about between the two of them. He just couldn’t appear to get too chummy or the charade would be up.

Now the Gryffindor’s didn’t trust him (like they ever would’ve though, not so soon obviously) but would let him be so long as Harry vouched for him. Likewise, Slytherin was content knowing full well he was simply manipulating most of the lions’ house and that he only really cared about Harry. Choice of friend aside, they were at least impressed about his dedication in going after what he wanted and how clever he’d been about it.

They still highly disapproved of his choices and actions, and certainly let him know it, but they at least liked that he was being a Slytherin about it. It didn’t win him any points necessarily, but he didn’t lose anymore than he currently already had either.

And given that he felt like drowning in the politics of his house on a daily basis, that was an important thing for him.

Bowing to people though… he still wasn’t sure how he felt about it, but at least knew it was the Slytherin thing to do. Pride was something he’d been mulling over for weeks now and still as of yet had no answer to. Slytherins were prideful, but honestly, when did that become attributed to their house? Weren’t the lions the prideful ones?

Slytherin was supposed to be clever, and ambitious. At what point did everyone seem to just forget that playing the meek, beaten opponent for strategic purposes was a valid tactic? He got his way, he won… so why did he feel like his pride was stinging something awful?

Ambitions are about getting what you want, no matter what. I can want it all I want and it means nothing if I can’t actually get it. This was the right thing to do, to bow even if I didn’t mean it and get my way in the end.

He lifted his head and glanced at his roommates, where Nott was still fully reading whatever book he had on him and Blaise chatting his ear off, completely fine with the fact his audience was not listening to him at all.

As much as he hated to admit it, Blaise was good at this. He balanced his pride and his knowledge of his own status with his ambitious almost effortlessly—he played the part of the snarky little chatter box but he always knew what he was doing. He always knew when to shut his mouth and smile, and when to strike back. He knew exactly how hard to hit so as not to lose face for being weak, but not too hard that he overstepped his bounds.

They’d told Harry he was the untouchable Slytherin, and Draco really, really felt that now that he was comparing their two positions.

He buried his face in his hands, rubbing his eyes as if he could get rid of his racing thoughts that way. He’d just made so many mistakes so far, and the road back to being in control (if he’d ever had control, he was realizing) was going to be a royal pain in his rear end. It’d taken him a month to figure out what to do with Harry so that neither of their houses would get too peeved off, and be recognizable enough that in light of it most would forget about the fact he’d been punched in the face by his best friend like he was a flippin’ muggle.

Harry was going to be the death of him, honestly.

He needed a better plan than to just be friends and hope everyone got over it someday. Harry himself would go a long way because he was a very Slytherin-like Gryffindor, and hell he’d won Blaise over in less than two weeks, but Draco needed more.

He was forced to admit though, that it likely wouldn’t be this year that he’d start making any progress. He’d messed up by trying to get into Marcus Flint’s good side too quickly, wanting to be on the quidditch team next year and apparently he was far to obvious and also no one liked him already because he’d very publicly been seen with Harry their first day of the year. Now the quidditch team hated him, or at least thought he was an arrogant idiot, and all the upper years were entirely hands off because no one wanted to get involved in the mess he’d created for himself. He was associated with Harry Potter after all, and if anyone was even remotely connected to the Dark Lord, that meant association with Draco himself was an insanely bad idea.

Blaise was one thing, he was from a grey family and he could do whatever the hell he wanted. Winning over people like Nott or literally anyone else was going to be a multiple-year-long effort, but to make those years worth anything, Draco needed a plan now, and he needed to work on it constantly until it showed results.

He just had no idea where to even start with making a plan.

He needed to have more power in his house, because if he had power, even if people disagreed with his choices they wouldn’t go speaking behind his back or excluding him like this. But how the heck was he supposed to get power? He was a first year for god’s sake, and he’d already dug himself into a fine hole less than a month into the school year. His family had money, yes, but from watching Blaise he knew that would only get him so far. The Malfoys were the richest in the country of course, but the Zabini family had old money, which seemed to stretch farther and in more areas of the world than just magical Britain.

And Blaise didn’t need to flaunt that he was wealthy to be the untouchable Slytherin. Hell, Draco was utterly distraught to realize no one in this house needed to flaunt that they were wealthy to get their way. Most of them were wealthy in one way or another, but even people from poorer backgrounds still clawed their way up into places of good standing by the time they were fourth or fifth years. His own godfather was a shining example of someone who’d entered Slytherin with nothing and then gotten everything by just being a good snake—ending with being a spy trusted on both sides of the war by two insanely powerful wizards who Draco knew his godfather held no true allegiance to either of them.

The people who couldn’t get standing were almost always younger years, or they were idiots. Crabbe and Goyle being good examples of people who were not going anywhere without someone’s coat tails to ride, and he knew of a couple upper years who were in very similar situations.

And so, the one thing he thought he had going for him upon starting at Hogwarts—his wealth—he was depressed to realize wasn’t really that advantageous at all. Or, it could still be used, but he was sure he’d be laughed at behind his back if he resorted to using money like no one else ever felt the need to use it. Harry had called him a spoiled brat once and while he’d said it with fondness, he knew it wouldn’t sound so kind coming from his housemates.

He plunked his head down on the desk again, tired of his own mind.

The answer was clear, if he took a moment to stomp on his pride a little more to realize it was an option.

He needed allies.

He was too far in the hole to dig himself out, so he needed to lean on the better reputations of others for a little while. Blaise would see it coming from a mile and way and laugh in his face, and there was no way Nott would stay in the room long enough to hear him out. And pretty much all of Slytherin was hands off so…

Well. Blaise got won over by Harry pretty easily, so what if Draco wasn’t actually the one doing the convincing?

Draco lifted his head, realizing this plan had merit. Whether he knew it or not, Harry had used him to make a point about where he stood in this school—and Draco had known from literally day one (literally hour one, actually) that Harry was in this to be free, and to have fun. If Draco got in his way, he’d be left behind without a second thought, and he’d known that.

If Harry wanted to be free, Draco would let him.

Let him loose on the Slytherins, that is.

He smiled slightly as he stood up and got changed for bed, thinking through where his first target would be, and comforted in the fact that this friendship he’d once thought was going to be nothing but trouble, might actually have some advantage to him after all.

000

“They are not! The Harpies have Garett Plasie this year so there’s no way-”

“You are insane if you think one mediocre chaser like Plasie is going to do a damn thing, Finnegan.”

“Mediocre? How is an 85% hit rate mediocre?”

“It’s no Hasian Grey, that’s how.”

“You’re comparing Garret Plasie to Hasian Grey? Are you insane?”

“You know, this really feels like you’re just calling me insane over and over again. Not very tempting discourse, you know.” Draco rolled his eyes, and Seamus glared daggers at him from across the library table.

Seamus and Dean weren’t exactly the studying sort, but they had a potions test this week and when Harry mentioned he and Draco were reviewing in the library, they’d tagged along. Harry had been thrilled his Gryffindor friends had put aside the rivalry in he face of actually getting a passing grade in potions (what they thought of Slytherins aside, Draco was Harry’s friend and amazing at potions so the negatives for hanging out with the guy were far outweighed by the pros) but he hadn’t accounted for how much Draco and Seamus liked quidditch.

It’d been half an hour now and they hadn’t really touched their potions material yet.

“Do you have any idea what they’re talking about?” Harry sighed to Dean, who’d chosen to ignore the two and study on his own anyway. He looked up from his notes and squinted as if tuning back into the conversation.

“Vaguely—Seamus has filled me in a lot on of those names, but I’m not quite as invested as he is yet.”

“Yet? So there’s some interest?”

“A bit. I mean I like the magical world, but there’s no football here. I like sports and I think I could get into quidditch.” He sighed as Seamus spluttered at Draco’s latest rebuttal (Gryffindors could win a fight, but they rarely won verbal sparing matches against Slytherins apparently, and Draco was proving that once and for all). "Man! I'm so bummed there isn't a football team here. I mean quidditch sounds awesome but all this strategizing bums me out." He pouted a bit.

"You played at your old school?" Seamus recalled out loud, abandoning his losing conversation with Draco who just rolled his eyes and tapped his quill against his notes in annoyance.

Dean nodding morosely. "I spent so much time practicing too--thought it'd ensure me a spot on my high school team and then maybe I could go pro or something. In the minor leagues at least, or at least I was hopeful about it since I thought pretty highly of my talent at least." He grinned, earning himself a pair of snickers at that.

Harry perked up, an idea tickling at the back of his brain. He had never really played football before outside of the rare gym class since no kids wanted to associate with Dudley Dursley's preferred target, but the couple times he'd kicked the ball around during mandatory PE lessons, he hadn't hated it. In fact he liked it a lot since it was largely running, and he liked to run. Flying was absolutely amazing, but it wasn't the same muscles stretched as running around the heavy ground and feeling your heart pump out those lovely endorphins once you pushed past the air in your lungs and burn in your muscles. Harry didn't see any reason to give up one or the other, having to choose just because one was magical and one wasn't.

Maybe it was an Odd Solution, but the magical world seemed to be in need of a couple more of those.

"Why don't we form our own team? I mean there has to be at least a football team's worth of muggleborns who'd be interested in this school, and Hogwarts has probably quadruple the amount of land you'd need for a football field—probably more to be honest." He suggested, and all three of them looked at him in surprise. Seamus and Draco seemed too taken off guard to be sure, but Dean lit up like a Christmas tree.

"That's bloody brilliant Harry! I brought a ball with me too, just in case you know? We could ask around and make up some teams, even if they're pick-up games! Like a club or something," he was grinning now and Seamus took one look at his friend and decided it couldn't hurt—it's not like either of them were on the quidditch team for at least this year and he'd heard a lot of the muggle game from Dean so was interested in playing.

"We could put a sign up in the Great Hall so all the houses can see it--maybe we shouldn’t make it by house since I'm fairly certain there aren't enough Slytherin muggleborns to even make half a team, but knowing them they'd be flipping fantastic at it just on principle. Most likely because someone will inevitably imply that they'd suck at it even if they tried and they will absolutely have to prove someone wrong." Harry suggested deviously, Seamus snickering again and Dean grinning from ear to ear.

The fact he’d said this looking straight at Draco meant he got to see the utter indignation on the blond’s face—but he couldn’t exactly argue against that logic.

“While I kind of agree with the logic I think you’re absolutely insane.” He declared slightly too loudly as Madam Pince looked up from her desk to glower at them.

“Oh great comeback,” Seamus taunted, immediately turning away too-casually at the fiery grey glare he got in received for it.

"You have them very well measured, I see." Dean chuckled.

"If there's something to win, Slytherin will want to win it even if they'll go to their graves denying they found it interesting. Especially a muggle game."

Draco fumed but couldn’t refute the logic despite very much wanting to.

"I'll be shocked if we get even one, to be honest." Seamus admitted. "At least at first. But it's sound logic--and maybe it'll be healthier competition than that Gryffindor-Slytherin thing the upper years are on about."

"Muggleborns weren't raised being told they were supposed to hate a whole group of people for no reason, so my bet is it'll be a way nicer environment. Easier." Harry shrugged, and none of them could seem to argue against that logic.

Draco huffed. “Good bloody luck. Were you born this optimistic or did it hit you over the head one day?”

“So that’s what it was, I could’ve sworn it was a bludger.” Harry snapped his fingers as if in realization, earning laughs from the Gryffindors present at least. Draco rolled his eyes and tapped on his notes even more urgently.

“You are on your own for that. Are we going to study or not?” He demanded.

“Oi, I’ve been here ready for forty minutes—you’re the one talking quidditch on study time.” Harry countered and Draco ignored it in favor of pushing a textbook into the middle of them and changing the topic to crushed beetle shells quickly, his ears slightly pink.

He might be shooting himself in the foot signing up for two sports but… well, at least he had a potions tutor and was a teacher’s pet for Transfiguration to ease up on the course work some, he thought deviously.

000

"Ha! In your face Dean!"

"What the heck Harry, you said you'd never played before!" His dormmate was in a right fit as he glared at the ball ten meters behind him, but the light in his eyes told Harry he wasn't actually in the least bit upset. In fact, he could've sworn he saw that same glint in McGonagall's eyes when she introduced him to Oliver, so he knew he was probably doomed.

Seamus and a Ravenclaw muggleborn who'd seen their sign in the Great Hall and literally jumped from the Ravenclaw table to join them as soon as he saw them hanging it up on the door were only a couple seconds behind him but still too late and panting heavily as they came to a stop behind the smugly grinning red head.

"Slowpokes." He teased lightly, earning playful glares.

"How are you so bloody fast!? I heard about you on a broom but this is absolutely unfair." Leonard Yuu—Lu, as he insisted they call him—was a second year who had had it up to here with his house's bookworm tendencies. He loved books of course, and was a sharp mind that definitely belonged in that house, but he also loved to run around and burn off energy too—and preferably for a win instead of just to run. He'd been bummed when Hogwarts had no sports other than quidditch as he'd been a jack-of-all-trades sort of sports phenom in his old school, but he hated heights so hadn't even bothered going higher than a foot off the ground in his flying lessons much less attempted to try out for the quidditch team. He'd taken to running around the lake but at the sight of a potential football club, was only too eager to join up regardless of what his house might think.

Harry didn't quite know how to respond to Lu's teasing remark, as he honestly didn't know. He didn't remember being good at sports in his other schools, although he wasn't sure if that was because he'd still been learning or he'd been subconsciously not trying too hard to avoid too much attention. Because if there was one class he had to really, really try hard not to be better than Dudley in, it was definitely PE. That baby whale couldn't run three meters without getting winded. And three meters was probably pushing it.

Flying didn't truly feel like a sport, since it was all instinct and fine-tuned motions to turn a magical broom this way and that. Yes, it took concentration and strength, but not more than an eleven-year-old could reasonably perform if that said anything about the amount of strength required to make a broom do a 180 mid-air. It was more flipping his whole body weight or keeping his balance in check, which was skill and not power or speed.

Football was very much more about his body doing some hard labor to not only run back and forth across the ground, but keep himself upright while his legs went this way and that to handle the ball at his feet. There was no magical broom or unexplained feeling of weightlessness to take off the feeling of heavy gravity working what seemed like twice as hard against his muscles. And Harry had been running for what felt like his whole life, lifting heavy things to garden and moving on quiet feet through a house that didn't want to acknowledge he lived there, so he was very much aware of his body and his abilities, likely probably more than the typical eleven or twelve year old. He simply had more training being comfortable with his body and what it could do, so it wasn't that hard to shift gears and tell it to do something new even if he'd never attempted it before. He'd also been very focused on his health choices, like what he ate and what exercise he kept, for at least a couple years now so he wasn't exactly starting from ground zero. He was at the very least partially athletic and that seemed to make all the difference.

Lu, who hadn't played regularly other than running around the lake since he started at Hogwarts a year ago and hadn't done much over the summer, and Seamus, who'd never run so much in his life since the extent of his sports career seemed to have been exclusively on a broom where gravity didn't come into play, were at very real disadvantages against people like Harry and Dean, who'd been active in this kind of exercise consistently for a long while now. Given that their 'club' had about seven members at this point, Harry wasn't exactly sure he was good at football or rather just better than the current roster they had here. It was probably likely he wasn't actually that skilled but compared to the lack of competition available at this moment, he just so happened to look like he was talented.

Quidditch had more competition--Oliver and McGonagall both being quidditch nerds had gushed over him and they clearly knew what they were talking about, so he could be reasonably sure he was good at flying at least. 'Youngest seeker in a century' and all that, so yeah, he had some proof there.

Football though… he'd see how it went. It wouldn't do to get a big head and then quickly find out he was a big fish in a little pond, so to speak, and not actually all that good.

He was also not sure if it wasn't his Slytherin side showing and making him think he liked football because he was currently running circles around his new teammates, or he actually liked this sport. Maybe he just liked winning—who knew? He figured he'd have to wait that one out and see what happened if this club got bigger.

As it was, they had the Dean, Seamus, Lu, himself, Neville, and two Hufflepuff girls who'd been very curious but had sat out to just watch for now. He wasn't quite sure what was up with them, but he did recognize them from both the train and the sorting and having seen them around in classes. Hannah and Susan, he recalled, having literally run into Hannah on the train.

What was weird was that he'd been pretty sure they weren't muggleborns--not that he would reject them if they weren't, but it was curious as to why they were interested in a muggle game then. Well, power to them for broadening their horizons, even if just to watch a bit.

For now it was just the boys playing, Lu, Seamus, and Dean against Harry and Neville. Neville had been hanging back by their make-shift goal on the most part since no one seemed to be able to keep up with Harry if he got the ball, but he wasn't very good at getting the ball back if the other team managed to steal it so Neville was mostly just defense. He seemed fine with this and although they'd lost several points in the beginning since he seemed to flinch and close his eyes if the ball came anywhere near him, after close to two hours going at it he seemed to get the hang of it and realize the ball wasn't going to take his arm off if he reached out a hand to block it, especially since neither Lu nor Seamus had more than this morning's practice at actually kicking a football straight. He was not even close to doing the dives that Dean was clearly very good at in his attempts to stop Harry from scoring on him, but Harry had surprisingly good aim and quick reflexes to change course last-second if he noticed Dean leaning one way or the other. It was a pretty high-scoring game since none of them were pros, but it was a lot of fun.

The girls kept talking to themselves and giggling quietly as they watched, which was also weird, but Harry ignored it. This time. Next time they showed up, they were going to play or get lost since the giggling was getting old fast.

They'd started at a leisurely hour that particular Saturday morning, but the sun was getting higher now and lunch had to be soon. Harry's stomach told him he had spent up all the calories he'd eaten at breakfast already and just stretched as the others caught their breath and considered wrapping it up.

"Maybe you could teach us some skill drills and we can call it a day, eh?" Seamus voiced Harry's thoughts, directing his question at Dean who looked wiped and satisfied with their little adventure.

"Sure. Oi Neville!" Dean shouted, calling their last member over, and the blond started jogging up to them. Harry turned at met the eyes of two curious gazes over where their theoretical sidelines were and waved at them. They looked startled before glancing at each other and standing to come over hesitantly.

"What's going on?" Hannah asked, glancing at them curiously.

"We're going to do some small drills to practice ball handling and then go to lunch. Interested?" Dean offered, the unofficial leader of the club since this was his sport and he definitely knew the most out of all of them.

"Oh, well…" She shifted a bit. "We were just going to watch." She repeated her initial excuse she'd given this morning.

Harry got a suspicious feeling they weren't here to actually play and decided to get ahead of that line of thinking pretty quickly. He wasn't sure he would be able to politely tell them to get lost if they showed up next week to giggle some more instead of actually playing.

"It's okay if you've never played before, most of us but Dean never really played fully either. But he's going to teach us some things and maybe next time you can help Neville and I out? We were pretty outnumbered today!"

"Tch, not like it stopped you." Lu tisked haughtily, but his eyes glittered in mirth. Harry maturely stuck his tongue out at him.

"Um…" The blonde looked like she was trying to think of another excuse when the auburn haired girl beside her made the decision for them.

"Okay, let's try. I uh, have no idea how this game works to be honest." She admitted, and Dean just waved her off.

"I can go over the basics at lunch, but the core point is that you can't touch it with your hands--only the goalie can to stop the ball from getting into your team's net. For everyone else you just have to kick it with your feet which requires some ball handling skill which we're gonna practice. How about this to start," he dropped the ball he was holding and kicked it gently to Harry who kicked it gently back. "See the part of the foot we're using to kick it? Let's try passing it back and forth between each other."

It was awkward since the girls and Neville hadn't really had any practice at it so far, but after a little while they were passing it back and forth to each other pretty well. Seamus got playful and made up a game that you had to shout someone's name and either 'right' or 'left' and that person had a split second to receive it with that foot. They were all pretty terrible at it, even Dean, but that somehow made it more fun.

Hannah looked stiff and uncomfortable, like she hadn't been planning on getting sweaty that day, but Susan seemed to have a hidden competitive streak and after half an hour was all but screaming Seamus' name before nailing the ball a little too forcefully at his shins. He was all about the challenge though and took it grinning.

Neville fell over at least three times in panic from her hard kicks but got used to it remarkably well, even managing to successfully receive more times than he missed them by the time they called it quits.

The sun was directly over them when their stomachs started growling and Hannah complained about how hot it was, so they called it a day and headed in for lunch. They were all very gross and needed a shower, but figured a quick bite wouldn't hurt--they were all high from the exercise and Susan was not-so-quietly getting into it with Lu about why her kicks were totally legal when both the Ravenclaw and Dean were steadfastly trying to explain to her the actual rules of the game and why some of her tricks were very much illegal. She was surprisingly stubborn and didn't seem to care that she'd only learned the game existed three days ago and didn't even know the rules yet, but defended herself and her actions to the grave—even Lu the Ravenclaw struggled to pit his cold logic against her fiery arguments. Hannah and Neville seemed wiped and didn't say much, but Harry and Seamus were cackling to themselves as they watched Dean get more desperate to get through Susan's thick head. Harry couldn’t quite tell if she was doing this to purposefully mess with them or not, but it was hilarious either way.

They got to the Great Hall and Hannah lead the charge by plopping down at the Hufflepuff table, and Lu was so into it with Susan he didn't even notice he was sitting at the wrong table as they didn't spare a breath to stop arguing. The Gryffindors were too used to Harry sitting wherever he liked to think too hard on it and just plopped down around them to dig in. Only Neville glanced around a bit nervously before sitting beside Harry quickly, and yes they did get some odd looks, but not nearly as much as there'd once been.

Harry grinned as he gathered himself some lunch—if this was going to be a team, it was going to be an odd one for sure.





Chapter 19: Book 1 : Pride : 19


Chapter Notes

Did I forget to mention this was a whump fic?

My bad guys ｡^‿^｡





Harry had never had any opinion on Halloween before. He’d always been aware it was the day his parents had died, but prior to a couple months ago had grown his whole life believing the Dursleys lie that they were drunk no-ones (a horrible mistake really, since when did he ever give credit to what the Dursleys said?). Yes he’d missed the concept of having parents so far as having parents would mean he wasn’t with the Dursleys, but he hadn’t even seen a picture of his parents or knew a thing about them so while he’d always had this vague sadness he was an orphan, that never really translated into being traumatized by the day they were killed.

His relatives had always hated Halloween though, to the point of locking him in the cupboard literally the entire day for some reason that was now abundantly clear since Harry had learned he had magic.

On the flipside, his classmates in grade school had loved Halloween and the amount of candy and excitement that could be whipped up in their frenzy for the holiday meant Harry didn’t hate the even either. He hadn’t gotten really into it ever for fear of what Dudley would report back to his parents, but it was enjoyable in some ways regardless.

Halloween at Hogwarts though, was a whole thing, and Harry was all about it. The decorations, the tasty desserts, the fact this creepy old castle had real ghosts and magic made the whole thing about ten times more interesting and he was enjoying himself quite a bit as the festivities geared up for the day in question. It was mainly the desserts though to be honest, and he would definitely be putting on quite a bit of weight if it weren’t for the fact he was taking part in two sports these days—Wood’s insane regimen on pretty much every weeknight, and football on the weekends when the people in their little club had the time to get together and play.

Word of their football club had definitely spread, and while no one had outright called them weird for it, Harry had gotten a lot of very confused people asked him in very politely ways just what the hell he was doing.

‘Having fun’ was usually his answer, and no one but a Slytherin could really formulate a response to that.

The Slytherins didn’t ask though, but they sure gave him an even wider birth out of sheer wariness that his weirdness was somehow contagious considering he’d roped some Hufflepuffs and a Ravenclaw into his schemes too. He’d invited and then proceeded to needle Draco into playing with them and got a resounding ‘hell no’ from his friend, and that seemed to be the line in the sand for the blond. Harry was fine with it though, he was sure at least one of them would come around to it eventually.

It might take a few years though.

In the mean time, the football club was having fun on their own and now Lu was sitting at the Hufflepuff table every so often because arguing with Susan was apparently one of his simple joys in life.

Harry called it progress.

BAM!

“Jesus Christ Seamus,” He hissed, nearly falling off his chair and flailing about wildly to make sure his hair and none of his robes were on fire from the loud blast that’s happened behind him.

“Huh,” the boy blinked in shock, soot coating his face and the poor feather he’d been trying to levitate nothing but crumbling ash on his desk.

“Dear me, Mr. Finnegan!” Flitwick yelped, but was not as surprised as he once was. This was too common a result for that.

“You are a hazard to our health.” Draco sneered, inching his chair beside Harry a bit farther away out of self-preservation.

“Honestly I have no idea why that happens.” Seamus defended himself, still slightly shell shocked and rubbing some of the soot on his cheek off, but that was definitely a losing battle.

Blaise leaned down from a higher row and tapped Harry lightly on the head with a grin. “You have burning feather in your hair, dear.”

“What!?” He swatted at it immediately and brushed it out with his fingers quickly, finding soot coating his hands quickly but at least it wasn’t catching fire. Blaise’s delighted snickers from behind him caused Draco to launch a floating feather in his face, and the splutters as he tried to spit it out made Harry feel slightly better.

“I’m so sorry Harry,” Seamus apologized, but Harry waved him off.

“Just so you’re not offended when I don’t sit next to you for practical work next time.”

“Right…”

“I’m regretting being partners with you.” Dean told the boy beside him, the soot harder to see against his dark skin but clearly there—along with a slightly singed sideburn too that he was nursing with a pout.

“I’m sorry! I don’t know why it does that!”

“Perhaps you should practice in a remote area from now on, Mr. Finnegan,” Flitwick supplied helpfully, and Seamus pouted while everyone around him snickered at that.

The rest of Charms went much better with Seamus now keeping his wand to himself—he was out of feathers, in any case—and while Harry was no Charms expert he did manage to get his feather floating rather well by the end of class. Satisfied with the day’s work, he happily packed up his things for lunch when the final bell rang.

“Remember your paper on your choice of charm family is due first thing next week! Don’t be afraid to come to me with questions if there are any!” Flitwick called as they filtered out, the courtyard outside the hall already filling with people moving towards the Great Hall for lunch.

“Ah, maybe they’ll have candy corn again.” He said aloud to no one in particular, but already thinking about what he wanted to eat. Today was officially Halloween and breakfast had been superb with pumpkin pancakes and more—he could only imagine lunch and dinner would be tasty as well.

He was going to have to run around the lake a couple times to work this off but he was too caught up in the thought of treacle tart to care.

“You are so weird for like candy corn—it’s basically wax you know.” Dean pointed out where he was walking in front of him.

“Harry love, you’re not going to make me agree with a Gryffindor, are you? Because he’s right, candy corn is filth.” Blaise chimed in as well, striding up to match their little group and Harry was suddenly reminded of that first day when these exact Slytherins and Gryffindors had all walked to the Great Hall together. Complete with Draco by his side and Neville cowering behind him as Blaise addressed him.

Huh, they’d come a long way in a relatively short amount of time.

“Ha ha, so you have more refined tastes than me, not like I haven’t heard that before. As for what Dean’s excuse is, I don’t know.”

“I don’t need a fancy palette to know eating sugary wax isn’t pleasant.” The Gryffindor shot back.

“Speak for yourself, I personally find it lovely.” Harry defended himself.

“Which explains a lot about you.” Blaise said far too innocently and then suddenly found the back of his hand fascinating so he didn’t see the glare Harry aimed at him for that.

“Harry!”

Said redhead turned at the call of his name, smiling as Hermione ran to catch up with him, fumbling papers in her arms so she’d probably been asking Flitwick something.

“Hey Hermione.”

“Can I ask you something? What charm did you pick for your essay? I couldn’t decide so I wrote three but I didn’t know-”

She went off like a bullet without waiting for him to answer any of her questions, while the Gryffindors and Slytherins he’d been walking with kept moving slightly to be ahead of them, carefully distancing themselves from the bookworm. Neville was quietly afraid of the loud girl, and he couldn’t speak to what Dean or Seamus thought of her, but he knew the Slytherins were not interested in Hermione at all and were pretending not to have seen her approach.

Harry sighed silently. They’d come a long way, but they had a lot farther to go.

Rather than let her go and be even later to lunch, Harry cut her off quickly. “I actually hadn’t started it yet, but all three of those sounds like great ideas. Just pick your favorite, right?”

“But they’re all my favorite!” She frowned, honestly troubled by this. Harry had sat next to her in Transfiguration one day in his rounds of his year mates, trying to get to know everyone and her being no exception, however Transfiguration might not have been the best class to choose do to that with. She’d seen him go at it with McGonagall and now had it in her head that he was just as much as an academic as she was, which was just painfully not true.

Transfiguration seemed effortless to him for some reason, but literally everything else he only scored well because Draco had drilled good notetaking and studying habits into him courtesy of his many childhood tutors. Outside of Transfiguration, he had no desire to spend a second more on any work that wasn’t required of him not to fail a class or look like a fool in front of either the teacher or a judgmental Slytherin sitting behind him. He needed Slytherins to like him to make Draco’s life easier and those jerks were unafraid to call people stupid and judge them for not studying properly so… Harry studied.

Not for fun, like Hermione had somehow gotten it into her head that he did.

Even having explained this to her, Harry got the feeling Hermione didn’t actually have that many friends—if any friends at all really—so the fact he’d shown not to be a bad student and had actually been nice to her meant she now clung to him whenever she could, her earlier jealousy and/or dislike of him seeming to evaporate into thin air with one act of kindness. And she was brilliant obviously, but not so good with social cues—the fact he’d been walking with a bunch of his friends didn’t seem to have stopped her, neither did she even acknowledge anyone else around him at all. Not that doing that would’ve ended well with the likes of Blaise and Draco already only just barely being polite enough to outright ignore her rather than saying something rude like they undoubtedly wanted to.

Not to mention Nott, who was still hanging around and yet not speaking to anyone ever. Draco said he was from a ‘dark’ family and was content ignoring Harry but even the Slytherins didn’t know what would happen if he were forced to be in close contact with a full muggleborn—much less someone so… vibrant as Hermione.

Given that Nott was on the clear other side of the group almost as soon as she’d appeared, Harry figured it was best not to find out. He seemed relatively fine with Dean, but Dean could bicker like Blaise could and he certainly didn’t have Hermione’s very straightforward personality.

“How about pick the one we did the longest ago? It’ll be a good refresher of something we did several weeks ago,” He suggested off the top of his head, and she lit up.

“That’s brilliant Harry! It’ll show I’ve retained the material! Perhaps I should re-read the chapter on it though, just to be sure,” She frowned in concern again, and he smiled blankly.

“Yeah, maybe it’ll help.” Like you haven’t memorized it? Because I’m pretty sure you memorized it.

“Do you think this relates to the next four chapters in the textbook? They seem kind of related if you consider the theory behind this branch of magic. They all derive from the same wand movements if you think about it.” She lit up again, and Harry kept his face as it was by force of will.

Please just let me go to lunch, I’m dying here.

“Possibly, that’s a good connection to notice.” He said instead, because far be it for him to discourage a bright young witch at what clearly made her happy.

The same could not be said for everyone though, and a freckly monster child chose that moment to stalk up from behind where Harry was standing to brush past them on his way to lunch.

"No wonder no one bloody likes her."

Harry was looking at Hermione when he heard the words, and he watched her face falter in shocker, before crumbling like someone had let all the air out of her sail.

Slap!

Ron stumbled back, not being prepared for Harry to whip around fast as lightning, and surprising both of them his hand found perfect purchase on the offender’s cheek to leave a sharp red mark. Rob grabbed at it in shock and whatever cry of indignation almost made it out of his mouth was drowned out by Harry advancing on him with vigor.

"What the bloody hell is wrong with you, you bloody bully!? Look in the god damn mirror before you say nonsense like no one likes her—I think she's brilliant while please note no one was talking to you just now." He snapped sharply, taking a menacing step forward to get in his face, and Ron took an automatic step back—but his face got red in anger and glared back just as hard.

“Well it’s true!”

Harry lunged and Ron scrambled back sharply, but Harry only made it a step before reason caught up with him and he forced himself not to do anything else. Prick as he was, Ron wasn’t worth getting into detention on Halloween for, and Harry got away with attacking two students before, but he’d rather not make it a habit. Nor did he want this to be the reputation he was known for, and he especially didn’t want anyone thinking he was bullying Ron since he seemed to be the person he was attacking most these days.

But he just pissed him off so much he didn’t even know what to do with his hands aside from freaking slap him for the stupid words that came out of his mouth.

"Christ Weasley, get the memo already, you'd think you'd have learned your lesson after Potter beamed you with a broom," Blaise saved him from trying to form a response through his fury, the eye roll audible in his tone despite Harry still glaring Ron down as if daring him to make a move.

But then he heard a sniffle behind him and tried to turn back to the girl behind him.

"Hermione-"

But she was already making a run for it, brushing past both of them and heading the opposite direction of the growing crowd with a very low “I’m fine,” coughed out for Harry’s benefit, and then she was gone into the bustle of people watching the showdown curiously as they made their way to lunch.

Harry saw red, but he forced himself not to beam anyone in the head this time. As he whipped around though, there was flash of heat in the air that caused Ron to take another stumbling step back, bumping into an upper year walking behind him.

"Are you proud of what an asshole you are!?"

"Me!?" Ron ground back as the upper year shoved him off. “You slapped me!”

"There was no reason you had to say that; what has she ever done to you?" Harry ignored the accusation and demanded back of him hotly.

"Showed up his dumb ass in class is what," Blaise snickered, seeming to very much enjoy this show.

"Shut up you slimy snake!"

It was impossible to tell with Blaise’s killer poker face if he was going to actually respond to that elementary-level insult or not, but Harry did it for him anyway.

"Okay first of all, snakes are not slimy they're actually kinda warm and cute and secondly, you are the worst excuse for a lion I have ever seen in my life if we're going by house mascots. Lions are supposed to be noble and proud and you’re about as ungentlemanly as they come and have so little self-respect you delude yourself into think anyone cares what tasteless things you say and that the only way you can become a decent, respectable wizard is by bringing others who don't deserve it down. You're not a lion you’re a bloody leech, so get off of everyone's back already before I pop you like a bloody balloon you utter buffoon!"

"Say that five times fast," Seamus raised an eyebrow, causing both Dean and Blaise to hide their laughs under coughs.

"Holy shit Potter, you killed him," a passing upper year laughed at the situation between squabbling first years as he strode past them, the other fourth and fifth years around him laughing at Ron’s expense too.

Maybe it was no one coming to his defense, or maybe it was the fact those upper years were Gryffindors, maybe it was that he just couldn’t think up a proper defense for being called out, but whatever it was, Ron turned every shade of color that would’ve made Vernon Dursley proud.

Harry glared at him for all he was worth, and Ron glared back stubbornly, but after a very long silence as the snickers of many onlookers became evident, he grunted something no one heard under his breath and stormed off. Harry decided to let it go, not really feeling like that was victory but knowing logically that was all he was going to get with his thick headed classmate.

He forced himself to take a steadying breath. “Do not hit anyone, do not hit anyone, do not hit anyone…”

“It terrifies me that you need to remind yourself of that.” Dean sighed, and Harry managed to gather himself just enough to flash him a half-hearted smile and then walk past him, subconsciously leading the charge to the Great Hall again and pretend like that didn’t happen.

He was still concerned about Hermione, but he’d been having such a good day before the red headed troll had ruined everything and he was determined to get back on track as quickly as possible. He’d check up on her later, maybe after dinner when she’d undoubtedly be in the library again. He needed to get another Transfiguration book anyway.

“I’ve read that positive visualization is helpful.” He managed to get out diplomatically, like he wasn’t still cooling down from an unreasonable amount of sudden anger.

“Read where?” Draco demanded incredulously.

“In a book on managing one’s emotions that Hermione found for me. Weasley should’ve let me finish it before going and testing me again.” He huffed, and Blaise let out a loud laugh behind them. At least someone found this funny.

“Um… should we go check on Hermione?” Neville sped up to walk close by Harry’s side and ask quietly, and Harry gave a weary sigh.

“I think she’ll need a moment after that. We can go find her later, kay?” He offered, and Neville nodded hesitantly.

“So, Potter…what was that about snakes being cute?" Blaise changed the subject back to his mini fight with pure glee in his voice from behind them. Harry didn’t notice Draco stiffen beside him when he rolled his eyes for Blaise’s benefit as he tossed a wry smile over his shoulder at the taller Slytherin, acknowledging what he was trying to do.

Or at least what he thought Blaise was trying to do, meaning distract him from his earlier anger. It didn’t even cross his mind that Blaise lived for making Draco suffer.

"I've met a cute snake or two in my life." He allowed coyly, turning his back on them to keep walking. Or he would’ve if Draco didn’t have a coughing fit beside him, catching his concern. “You okay?”

“Fine,” Draco only just barely got out and quickly attempting to pretend like he was not currently choking on air.

Thankfully he was at the back of the pack, so no one saw Seamus’ eyebrows skyrocket up to his hairline. Not that anyone would’ve noticed such a thing given they were half burnt off currently.

"Oh? Do tell." Blaise intoned in a purr, Harry shooting him a confused look but relenting easily when he accepted there was no reasoning with this particular Slytherin.

"Well I had a bout of accidental magic at the zoo once--set a boa constrictor free and he was very nice. I also used to garden a lot so little garter snakes were a common occurrence. If you left them be they could be nice companions while you work." He explained off handedly, still looking at Draco in concern while the blond was acting far too casual after his cough attack.

The Slytherins present, including Blaise even though he was the one who asked, were legitimately surprised Harry had an actual answer to that question… and what the answer was too.

"Huh. I've got to admit, even I've never really been around snakes. It's just the motif, you know?” Blaise shrugged.

“Well I’ve never even seen a real lion either, so we’re all just making it up it seems.” Dean grinned.

“I a-always liked the garter snakes too.” Neville quietly admitted, everyone forgetting their earlier drama to look at the quiet Gryffindor in surprise. He turned red under their inspection, but was addressing Harry only with his comment, trying not to pay attention to their eyes on him. “I g-garden a lot at home t-too. We always had tons around.”

“See! Neville knows what I’m talking about. And here the actual Slytherins don’t hang around snakes on the daily, what a farce.” Harry huffed.

“Oi, I don’t need to have met a snake to pull off green better than you. It would clash with the hair.” Blaise snipped, and Harry maturely stuck his tongue out at him.

By then they’d finally made it to the Great Hall, and Harry was fully ready to move on with his day.

He lit up in joy as they walked in. “They have candy corn!”

“Gross.” Blaise, Dean, and Draco all chorused at once.

And it might’ve been a figment of his imagination, but Harry could’ve sworn he heard Nott say it too.

000

“Harry….”

“Mm?” Harry tried to look casual with an insane amount of treacle tart in his mouth, and knew he probably looked like an idiot anyway. But by the worried look in Neville’s eye, the blond didn’t seem to care.

And damn, Neville had a killer mother-hen look when he wanted to. Or maybe it was just puppy-dog eyes. Either way, Neville only broke those out on serious occasions and Harry knew he wasn’t going to get out of whatever it was he was being asked to do.

He swallowed as quickly as possible and tried not to choke as he wiped his mouth with a napkin.

“What’s wrong, Neville?”

“I overheard Lavender saying Hermione’s been crying in the girl’s first floor lavatory all afternoon.”

Harry’s eyes widened, glancing around at the Halloween feast around them and doing a quick head count. He found everyone he was concerned about easily, but double checking the Gryffindor table, he found it lacking a typically noticeable head of bushy brown.

He saw Ron stuffing his face of course, but then again Harry doubted much could pull him away from food, not even the guilty conscious he clearly didn’t have.

Harry sighed, not even needing Neville to fully ask.

“Okay, how about this: I’m gonna stuff my pockets with as much candy as I can and go find her, and then try to bribe her out of the bathroom with sweets. You find Fred and George after the feast and get them to go to the kitchens and have a plate or five sent up to Gryffindor tower for Hermione since apparently she’s missed lunch and dinner now. I know they know where the kitchens are and how to get there—tell them I’ll owe them one. Then we’ll meet back at the tower to play exploding snaps or something for the rest of the night and let her tell us all about her Charms essay. Plan?”

Neville’s intense puppy dog look subsided some, satisfied with this answer. “Plan.” He agreed with a determined nod.

“Right then, best be off.” He loaded himself down with as much candy as he could reach, people seeing what he was doing and having fun tossing things at him too in order to ‘help’, and he wished them all a good feast before scurrying out of the hall before a teacher could tell him to sit back down.

In the quiet of the school hallways as the din of the Great Hall faded into the distance, he sighed to himself. This isn’t really what he wanted to be doing on his first Halloween night at Hogwarts. Ron was a prick and he truly did feel bad about Hermione’s situation, but he wasn’t sure what the answer was here.

He liked that she trusted him, but he wasn’t exactly a good friend for her given he had to pretend to smile through most of their conversations. He genuinely liked her and thought she was wonderful and brilliant, but aside from being a great person to know, Harry had no desire to get close.

He had no desire to see her suffer though either, hence the candy and the exploding snap plan. But he’d need some kind of plan to help her in a way that he knew he couldn’t be there for her, like setting her up with someone who’d enjoy her presence for who she was a bit more than Harry knew himself capable of. But he was scratching his head at the moment, making a mental note to befriend more Ravenclaws to see if he could find anyone. Maybe Lu could help, but that would be an awkward conversation to have if he couldn’t think of a subtle way of phrasing that request.

Heh, maybe Hermione would like to join the football club? That might be so far out of her comfort zone she’d stop babbling about Charms for ten minutes and discover something else she liked just as much as books. And memorizing said books.

It took several minutes but he eventually found the right door—and he could confirm it by putting his ear to it and hearing a distant sniffle inside. Maybe he should’ve brought some water too somehow, if she’d been crying all day she might be dehydrated.

“Hermione?” He called out through the door.

“…Harry?” the sniffles stopped in surprise.

“Yeah, it's me. We noticed you weren’t at the feast just now, you know. Hogwarts really put on a show you know, since apparently Halloween is big in the magical world.”

“…yeah.”

Huh, not even a fact about Halloween. She must be exhausted.

“You haven’t eaten I don’t think and you’ve got to be hungry—Neville’s bringing food back to the tower and I’ve got my pockets full here of candy if you want to share? Tons of it, take your pick: gummies, chocolate, bubble gum, sours-”

“Harry, I’m fine. You should go back to the feast.”

He tisked haughtily. “A little late given I snuck out with my haul of candy—if I go back in the teachers will notice I wasn’t there! I don’t know about you but Snape’s been looking for a reason to give me a detention all year.”

Sniff. “…true.”

So even the teacher’s pet admits Snape has it out for Gryffindors. Then again technically Draco was the teacher’s pet in that class.

“Come oooon Hermione, let’s go back to the tower and play some games. Get your mind of freaking Ron of all people. Don’t let a pig like him ruin your Halloween! Remember the candy!”

“But he’ll be there…”

“I mean, yeah probably, he lives there, but if he hassles you again I’ll sick his brothers on him. Fred and George can be vicious you know and they like me better than him I think!” No answer to that but no sniffling, which was good. “I’ve been reading that book you gave me you know, and maybe it wasn’t what you wanted but I only slapped Ron today instead of beating him bloody for what he said. Didn’t get a detention or anything so it’s definitely working!”

“That’s good… no house points lost.” She admitted, sounding a little calmer. “That book isn’t just for calming yourself actually, it’s got some other interesting chapters.”

Oh no, she’s going to start talking about books again. Well, that is what I signed up for.

“Come on out and tell me which chapters I should read next then, and we’ll head back to the tower. Do you want chocolate or gummies?” He offered, pulling the sweets from his pockets so she’d opened the door to be greeted by his arms full of bribery—I mean sweets.

There was a long silence as she seemed to deliberate this offer and was probably being swayed, and Harry waited patiently for her to come opening the door, sensing she was getting close.

And then, something awful smelling assaulted his nose, and he gagged a bit.

“Bloody hell,” he muttered under his breath, glancing around the door and then down the hallway around him in surprise and annoyance at whatever the hell that was.

Smell was no longer a concern of his as he suddenly forgot how to breathe, his whole body being dunked in ice cold horror, fear removing the blood from his hands instantly to the point he didn’t even notice the sweets he’d been holding tumbling lifelessly to the ground.

A monster, twenty feet high with ugly grey, warty skin and the stupidest looking expression on something so terrifying Harry had ever seen, was standing not ten meters away, having turned the corner of the adjacent hallway and looking just as stunned as Harry was terrified to have met another living creature in the otherwise deserted hallway. So close, just right there, huge and hulking and holding a freaking club in a hand bigger than Harry’s whole body.

What is that, what is that, what is that, what is that, WHAT IS THAT, WHAT IS THAT, WHAT IS THAT-!?

His body was backing up before he even realized he was moving, back hitting the bathroom door with a low thud.

The two stared at each other.

Then, the huge creature’s expression crumpled and it grunted deeply, taking one huge step towards him.

HELL NO.

Harry whipped around and slammed his body into the bathroom door, its lock giving way immediately to his sheer panic-induced force as he went tumbling in and feet sliding against the tile floor from how desperately he was running.

"Hermione!" He half screamed, half whispered, still terrified that thing was actually after him.

"Wha—Harry? Are you in the girl's bathroom?" A stall door unlocked and she poked her bushy head out in surprise, eyes red and puffy from where she’d been crying

"Hide! Hide now! Sorry if this is weird but hide now!” Harry hissed at her violently, immediately at her stall and shoving her farther in to re-close the door "There's a bloody monster outside in the hallway!"

"What!?"

But he just clamped a hand over her mouth and shushed her near silently with the urgency of a dying man as the door to the main bathroom crashed open, and she went solid beside him in fright. He froze too, keeping his hand over her mouth and silencing his breathing to almost nothing out of terror.

Thump… thump… thump…

Even its slow steps sounded heavy from its sheer size, and they could see it’s ugly bald head just over the top of the stall walls. Hermione’s eyes bugged out as she saw it, panic seizing her, but Harry just held his hand tighter over her lips to remind her to remain silent, both of them automatically crouching down a bit to prevent it from looking over the door to see them.

What the hell is this thing? What the hell is this thing!? Think, think, think, think… it can’t be a troll right? I mean Quirrell mentioned them but like… like it’s in HOGWARTS and that’s… it can’t actually be a monster, it’s some castle beast like Peeves… annoying and ugly but not actually going to harm students right!? They wouldn’t have something like that in the castle, RIGHT!?

And then suddenly Harry remembered Fluffy, and realized yes, this school was exactly that stupid.

Also, even if Dumbledore was here himself to say this thing was just their security guard or something, Harry wouldn’t believe it. His instincts were screaming at him to get away now, and they’d never once been wrong about Dudley coming after him or ducking when Uncle Vernon got a little too heated. His life had never been in this much danger before, but then again his instincts had never burned quite this hotly in his veins before either, the adrenaline spiraling his thoughts into sheer panic-induced hysteria as he tried to think of how to get the hell out of here right now, and being unable to do anything but sit quietly and pray it left on its own.

It was absolute torture, the long twenty seconds of silence as they tried so hard no to even breathe while they heard its thumping steps come to a slow stop…and heard it sniff audibly.

How good was a troll’s sense of smell again?

Harry couldn’t remember if Quirrell had even mentioned that bit.

And then, above the stall walls he saw a huge, disgusting grey arm raise to the ceiling, holding a club twice his size.

He only just barely landed on top of Hermione, forcing her roughly to the ground as the world exploded in a huge crash of splintering wood as the club swiped the stalls and tore them half down like they were just paper. The woosh of the massive club streaming through the air above them was bone-chilling, reminding them that one hit of that thing meant death. Hermione let out a blood-curling scream against the floor as she covered her head with her hands to protect herself from the debris what was falling everywhere and crushing them slightly, and honestly Harry couldn’t blame her.

"Move, move!" He shouted over the din the best he could, scrambling back as the club wound up again. At his voice she managed to crawl rather quickly towards the door as Harry went the other way, both flinching and ducking the second blow that tore down the rest of the stalls in one foul swoop. “GET OUT OF HERE!” He bellowed at her and she yet again began scrambling at his words.

The troll wound up again and now that they were all painfully exposed with not even the illusion of the wooden stalls to offer any kind of protection, his heart beating so hard it physically hurt, Harry finally remembered he was a bloody wizard and whipped his wand out, fumbling it slightly as the blood had yet to return to his hands.

He pointed it at the troll, the club in the air and so terrifyingly uncertain about where the creature was about to swing. It had just proven twice that it was here to kill them, and it was big and terrifying and it was about to kill one of them and Harry just panicked.

But he didn’t know any freaking spells he was a first year for god’s sake—what did he—what should he--!?

The club terrified him, and the first thing that came to mind was his McGonagall’s voice saying in no uncertain terms: do not fuck with Transfiguration.

Okay, maybe he was paraphrasing.

Match to needle.

And suddenly that terrifying club melted before his eyes, molten metal pouring over the troll’s arm and head from where it used to be above him and blinding it slightly. It blinked stupidly to get the cold silver liquid out of its eyes, lowering it’s hand to blink stupidly at it as if its tiny brain couldn’t comprehend what had just happened and where its club had gone.

Harry couldn’t really comprehend it either, but his body was moving before his mind even considered being confused about it or think longer than it took to recognize the monster wasn’t looking at him for the moment.

By that time Hermione had wiggled free of the debris and Harry took the troll’s momentary distraction to free himself from the other end of the debris and make the gut-wrenchingly risky move to run behind the troll (too close too close too close too close) and bolt for the door she was holding open.

“GO, GO!”

They got free into the hallway and took off without another word or even glance, knowing they just needed to get the hell out of here.

And then there was a roar that almost made Harry pass out in terror, but his body pushed harder automatically as if it knew now was not the time to do anything but flee and didn’t need his brain’s terrified input on the matter.

Crash—the bathroom door behind them splintered into nothing and Hermione screamed again, but thankfully also didn’t falter a step in their sprint. Harry would’ve screamed too if he wasn’t so breathless in fear when they heard the huge, heavy beats of a troll hot on their heels.

THUMP—THUMP THUMP—THUMP—THUMP THUMP—

Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god I’m gonna die—

Harry whipped around the next corner, having no idea where he was running too and honestly not thinking that hard about it other than get away, get away, get away—but he felt relief so hard it hurt when they whipped around a random corner and were faced with no less than eight teachers standing at the other end of the hall.

As if they were an oasis in the dessert, Harry poured everything into his run to get to them.

“HELP!” he bellowed in panic, Hermione letting out her own terrified screech to join him, and even at this distance he saw the moment the teachers saw the troll bound the corner behind them. Even Snape looked horrified.

Some small part of Harry realized this might be the strangest thing these professors had ever seen: the sight of two first years running full tilt away from an actual troll down a Hogwarts hallway. On another day, Harry might’ve even found it funny.

Today, he didn’t find it very funny. Today, he was only just barely able to not cry in relief when every single professor immediately had their wands out and aimed at the beast barreling down on him.

The relief was short lived as a huge, moist, disgustingly hot and fleshy cage clamped over him, pinning his left arm to his body and his feet suddenly no longer attached to the ground.

He was so shocked by the sudden change and the sudden touch, he didn’t even have time to feel afraid.

His heart didn’t even have time to skip a beat before there was wind whipping through his hair.

And then the world felt small, and he couldn’t breathe…

CRUNCH

WOOSH

CRACK

WHIRL

WHAM

…

Harry was seeing flashes of purple, gold, orange, and red, blinking a firework show of splotches in his vision reminding him randomly of this dream he used to have of a flash of green, and a man laughing. There wasn’t any laughing this time, but there was a lot of screaming.

Wait, that was Hermione.

“Mr. Potter!”

Who was that again?

He felt fuzzy… his heart was still hammering so hard he felt it in his teeth, and he had no feeling in his hands. His brain was blank, but it helpfully supplied that he might be dying from the adrenaline.

That was a troubling thought that he was distinctly not troubled by for some reason.

And then it hit him—it was over so quickly he could only process it staring at the still ceiling above him, as the world stopped spinning and the flashes of pretty colors cleared out of his vision some.

The meaty hand around him—the troll, the monster—it had him, and it lifted him up. He’d never been that tall before, never seen the Hogwarts hallway from than angle before, and it was weird. His feet hadn’t touched the ground like he was on a broom, but the world felt unbearable tight instead of weightless. The colors came from eight wands, streaming past him and nailing their target, and the wind in his hair was the creature stumbling, and then falling backwards, hand still gripping him whipping backwards and slamming into the stone ground as it collapsed, possibly dead.

He probably should’ve felt that. Why hadn’t he felt that? That seemed like it should’ve hurt a lot, getting slammed into the ground like that…

“Mr. Potter!”

Oh yeah, that was McGonagall. He knew that voice, that had been the voice that had come to him.

Match to needle.

"Harry!" Hermione screamed, and this time he heard what she was saying. He also heard another voice trying to quiet her lowly.

"Mr. Potter, are you alright!?" McGonagall was there—and surprisingly so was Snape. They were both above him and he saw them move as one. It wasn’t until they were pulling at the troll’s limp fist that Harry realized he was still in the creature’s grasp, and something about that horrified him so much he felt bile come surging up his throat.

Only it didn’t burn, it felt slick and too hot.

The air felt too cold in comparison when they finally wrenched the fist open and reached for him gently, probably trying to get him clear of the downed monster as quickly as possible in case it awoke again. That’s good… Harry had no desire to be anywhere near this thing every again. He felt sick.

And dizzy.

And as Snape touched his left arm, the world tilted approximately 45 degrees to the right, and the bile surged forward again. Only it wasn’t bile, it was hot and too slick and tasted like pennies and suddenly his whole world felt red and he bit back a scream as the entire left side of his body lit up on fire.

Fire that clawed at his bones and left him nearly blind from the pain. He didn’t know if he knew what pain was actually, because suddenly he was doubting that he’d ever known, but all he knew now was this was hell please make it stop.

He didn’t want to throw up on Snape because gross, but even as he pressed his lips together as tight as he could he felt it stream out the corners of his lips and down his jaw as there was just too much and he coughed and suddenly he couldn’t breathe—

--or had he been breathing at all? He thought maybe he’d stopped a while ago and just forgot.

"Potter," It sounded like he heard Snape inhale sharply, but the black spots were well and truly multiplying now so he couldn’t see the Potions professor at all to even confirm it was really him.

"We need to get him to Madam Pomfrey, now!" someone said, and Harry had already forgotten them by the time they finished speaking.

He heard a word he didn’t recognize and a flash of red, before the world went dark.

He sunk into the blackness wondering if he’d imagined a dream where it was green.





Chapter 20: Book 1 : Pride : 20




Neville sprinkled water over the flowers in greenhouse 3, tending to Ginger Leaf Poppies and venomous Arboreal Jumping Lilies at Professor Sprout’s request. She’d known immediately that he had talent in Herbology and offered to let him help in his spare time, which he’d taken up without much fuss shortly after starting at Hogwarts.

It was calming here.

His hands shook trying to tie his tie this morning, with his fork at breakfast, holding a quill during classes, and fixing the gloves to his hands so the lilies didn’t bite him. But they didn’t shake while watering the flowers, their lively petals curling happily as it hit their soil and they drank their fill. You could always tell when they’d had enough, as their leaves fluttered a bit as if waving off any more for now.

When all the flowers were waving at him except one in the back, he gently spared that last one a few more drops, and she joined her sisters in waving silently, as if thanking him.

He set the water jug down, hands shaking again.

He would wave back, but then the flowers would see how his hands would shake.

Then again, flowers tended not to judge. Well, the poppies might, but the lilies probably wouldn’t.

And he could take vengeance on the poppies for their judgement, picking them with a neat slice of a magical silver blade he kept on hand for dealing with particularly bratty plants and putting them into a vase where they’d wilt slowly over time in enchanted water. Their bright, beautiful red would be a great gift for Harry in the hospital wing. He was fairly certain red was Harry’s favorite color… if he had something like that, as Harry seemed to like a lot of color, all at once.

On any given day, Harry could be the color of any flower, but his hair always reminded Neville of the poppies. There was nothing like poppy red.

Nothing quite as poisonous either, so maybe they weren’t a good hospital gift, no matter how pretty they were.

Roses might work too, but they had thorns and Hogwarts didn’t grow any variety of them for now. They were hard to grow, and took years to do it right.

Then again, he had seven years here, he could ask Sprout to let him do it as a work study. He didn’t know if there were magical roses, as normal roses always seemed to captivate even witches and wizards just fine. He thought he remembered Harry saying he’d tended roses in his aunt’s garden.

He could look into it, see if he could find magical roses, and if not then he’d grow regular roses. They were hard to do and he wasn’t good with challenges, but this was the one thing he could probably do.

Probably.

And if he couldn’t do this one thing… he probably couldn’t do anything.

Not that that was a new feeling.

He turned back to the poppies where they were fidgeting in their soil, demanding attention.

His hands were steady in his gloves as he went about tending to them.

000

Harry really didn’t want to wake up.

There were mornings like this, when the air outside your blankets was chilly and inside your cocoon of sleep was warm and toasty, and sleep itself was like a ten ton weight dragging you down even as your mind flickered out of dreamland and told you that you were awake against your wishes.

The temptation to roll over and ignore that flicker and sink right back into cozy sleep was like a drug. Like putting a five-course meal in front of a starving man and telling him not to eat.

Harry was 100% ready to do just that, but then suddenly he remembered he had to do something. He couldn’t quite remember what it was, but his whole life he’d had practice forcing himself out of bed if he had something to do, because it was usually doing some chore for the Dursleys and if he didn’t do it then he’d regret it far more than he’d regret leaving the sweet embrace of his bed.

So with a very annoyed sigh he forced his eyes open, displeased about how hard even that tiny movement was and not looking forward to actually getting up all the way. What was it he had to do again? If he could remember maybe he could bargain five more minutes in bed if it wouldn’t take that long to do…

But when the light above stopped making his eyes sore and he actually took in what he was seeing, he didn’t recognize the top of his cupboard or—ah, not even his Hogwarts four-poster bed as that was the more common sight these days. That was right, he didn’t live in a cupboard or a shed for now, that was good.

But that didn’t explain the vaulted ceilings he was staring at. And no matter how much he stared, they remained unfamiliar to him.

Hm, that was weird.

Now more awake and realizing he didn’t recognize his surroundings, he made an attempt to sit up.

It didn’t go well.

His whole body felt like it was under a thick layer of dense water, kind of warm and fuzzy but heavy like someone had filled a blanket with lead pellets and dropped five of them over him to keep warm. It wasn’t a matter of strength, but a lack of sensation that made it really hard to even lift his arm to make sure his still had all his limbs attached since everything felt so remote he couldn’t be sure he hadn’t lost something without realizing it.

Not that he learned anything because despite maybe managing to lift one hand a bit, he couldn’t actually lift his head either to glance down at it.

Ugh, it made the feeling of wanting to roll over and go back to bed all the worse. Only he wasn’t sure he even could roll over right now with how his body seemed totally dead to the world. He really should be more alarmed by his apparent paralysis, however the fuzzy feeling also extended to his brain and made it hard to panic.

“Mr. Potter kindly refrain from whatever it is you think you’re doing right now.” A sharp voice froze him in his tracks, and he automatically slumped back from his attempts, blinking widely to see where that warning had come from but not being able to move his head much to see.

“Uh… sitting up? Am I sitting up or did I hallucinate that?” He asked the voice, his own voice coming out a little foggy from sleep but not nearly as scratchy as he thought it might’ve been, and then a woman walked into his field of vision above him, so that his eyes could find her easily. She had McGonagall’s no-nonsense expression on so maybe cracking a joke didn’t exactly help him.

True to his suspicions, she clicked her tongue in disapproval. “You’re going to lie right there for the time being, no attempting to move! You went through quite the ordeal and you’re not healed yet.” She ordered, and maybe it was the old-fashioned nurses uniform she had on but even his addled brain made the connection.

“You’re Madam Pomfrey.” He realized, not that he needed to tell her that, given her expression.

“Yes. I prefer it if no student ever meets me, nor sends others to meet me. I am familiar with your work with Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy.”

Oops.

“Right, my bad.” He apologized emphatically, watching her lips press into a thin line.

“Do you know why you are here, Mr. Potter?”

Now that was a question. Why was he here? What did he remember…? Well for starters he remembered the Halloween feast because heck yeah, and then… and then walking to find Hermione and…

Oh right.

“Something about a super ugly twenty-foot tall guy with a club?” He offered and the Madam was not amused.

“A troll, Mr. Potter.” She confirmed his suspicion.

“Yeah, that. And um… do you know why one was randomly wandering in the hallway?”

The older woman’s eyes flickered, the tight line of her lips dropping a bit. “You didn’t hear the announcement?”

“What announcement?” he blinked honestly. “There was an announcement? Does Hogwarts have like, a PA system or something I wasn’t aware of?”

“I don’t know what a PA system is, but Professor Quirrell announced during the Halloween feast that a troll had escaped the dungeons. All houses were to immediately return to their dormitories. Some voiced the opinion you heard such a thing and went after Ms. Granger to alert her.”

“No way—I mean maybe if it’d gone like that, but I probably would’ve told Professor McGonagall too because she’d rip through a troll rather than let a Gryffindor get squished and I know like two spells.” He admitted, Madam Pomfrey’s eyebrows shooting up to her hairline at this confession. “But like no, Neville told me Hermione was crying in the girl’s bathroom because Ron was being a prick earlier so I brought her candy and was trying to get her to cheer up and then I turn around ugly was just standing there and well… the rest is history.”

“That explains why the bathroom was wrecked then.”

“Yeah, first attempt before trying to outrun a troll was to hide but apparently they have a good sense of smell? Which is surprising since they reek.” Harry blinked, recognizing he was kind of rambling but it all just felt so weird…maybe he was still in shock. “So yeah we tried to hide in the stalls and then the thing kind of wrecked them anyway so we ran.”

Bright flashes of color filtered through his mind, remembering running into the teachers (and now that Harry knew the school aside from him and Hermione was on high alert for a stray troll, Harry realized it made a lot more sense for a bunch of teachers to have just been standing around in a hallway in a group like that) and them all shooting brightly colored spells to down the troll. That part was incredibly hazy for some reason, aside from the colors which seemed to have been burned into his mind’s eye.

Also that nagging feeling about a green light refused to go away now too, and he knew it was somehow familiar.

But that wasn’t really important right then, with a more pressing concern presenting itself.

“Is Hermione alright? Wasn’t she there to say all this?”

The Madam shifted back, looking less grouchy and more concerned now as she answered. “Ms. Granger was a bit distraught, having witnessed what she did. I gave her a calming draught, promptly followed up by a sleeping draught that put her out for a day. She did say you came to cheer her up, and although she didn’t think it so, didn’t have confirmation on if you’d come to her before or after learning about the troll.”

Harry smelled a rat.

“And who exactly thinks so badly of my intelligence they’d assume I’d go after a troll alone?”

Pomfrey looked a bit taken aback, then smiled in a very small, wry way. “I don’t think it was your intelligence he was questioning, and more his assumption that your heart was in the right place as a Gryffindor who may like to jump first without thinking hard on the consequences. I think the intent of suggesting such a thing was said with you in very high respect, Mr. Potter.”

“Who.” He demanded shortly, and she sighed in defeat.

“The Headmaster, dear. Don’t blame him though, it was an easy mistake to make. It’s clear to all that you treasure your friends.”

Well isn’t that nice, except it’s absolutely wrong. I love Draco more than anyone here and would’ve never talked to him again for the crap he pulled last month—oh and by the way I’m not actually friends with Hermione. I like her well enough but we’re classmates at best. Where the snitch did Dumbledore get this insane idea?

Oh wait—he thinks I’m the Boy Who Lived. He has no idea who I actually am, and this kind of proves it.

What an idiot.

Harry was ticked, but there wasn’t much he could do about it. It was a nice sentiment or whatever, that Dumbledore believed he was some righteous, heroic, impulsive Gryffindor that lived up to the books and stories written about the Boy Who Lived that Blaise loved to embarrass him by regaling him with, but in reality if this were actually true, the Headmaster had been setting him up for detention for the rest of the freaking year.

Because McGonagall would’ve had his hide and made him suffer in detention until further notice for being so damn stupid as to go after a troll alone. Hell, even Madam Pomfrey had seemed pissed at him until she realized it wasn’t his stupid fault for getting hurt.

If he’d actually done something wrong, then fine bring on the consequences, but he didn’t appreciate the Headmaster sticking his nose where it didn’t belong and fabricating some romanticized tale about his heroics that, while seemingly helpful and flattering on the surface, only served to get him in trouble with the people he actually respected.

He bit his tongue, but the ire itched at him unpleasantly.

“Well I didn’t do anything—if I’d known there was a troll I wouldn’t have got cornered by the stupid thing. And also, I may be in Gryffindor but the hat thought long and hard about putting me in Slytherin so I’m not thrilled the Headmaster essentially told the teachers I’m an impulsive Gryff, like I only have a heart without a brain behind it. I mean it’s nice and all but he essentially called me thick, isn’t that what it sounds like?”

Pomfrey blinked in surprise and then bit down on the smile he knew she was about to give him, brushing down her apron and changing the subject quickly.

“Well, it’s good you seem to at least have a clear memory of the events that transpired. You hit your head a bit so it’s good to see no lasting damage.”

Harry acknowledged what she was trying to do and let her do it, moving topics and frowning a bit at her words. “I don’t clearly remember everything exactly. I mean I know the troll grabbed me but… I remember the teachers flinging a lot of spells and a lot of light, but not really much else until Professor Snape tried to help me up. I mean then everything hurt but there was a huge gap of time that’s all really fuzzy.” He explained.

Her face crumpled in concern, but not surprise. “That is not so out of the ordinary, I’m afraid. It was a traumatic event and in cases like this it’s not unheard of for the mind to cling to one thing vividly, meaning the one thing your heightened awareness allowed you to perceive while all your other senses were under fire. Honestly it’s good you only remember the color, as I’d assume most everything else might’ve been a bit too much.”

“What exactly happened then?”

“Mr. Potter… the troll did in fact grab you, and apparently it squeezed very hard.” She explained gently, and Harry’s mind went blank.

I…think I should be really happy I don’t remember that. That sounds…really bad. But wait— I’m NOT dead?

“I don’t really remember feeling pain. It was only after, when Professor Snape tried to move me.” He confessed, trying to think back before he realized that was a bad idea. He was pretty sure he didn’t want to remember the specifics of that event now that he knew what’d happened. “How… exactly how am I injured again? Because I don’t feel anything right now.”

“That’s by design,” She told him like she thought he was a moron, lying here thinking she’d let one of her patients feel pain, which, you know, Harry had to give to her. “It was extraordinarily unfortune the troll managed to grab hold of you, however you’re extremely lucky that all the damage you sustained is very fixable. Your shoulder and arm were shattered and your rib cage was collapsed inwards; it punctured your lungs and several other organs, not to mention you had a case of whiplash from what the professors tell me is the troll dropping you. For your life I prioritized your organs and for your comfort I fixed up your shoulder and arm. The bones are still settling there and the ones in your hands are extremely delicate in nature so you’re not to use that arm for a gosh darn thing for the next week which is why I bound it up to remind you. Your ribs were a little trickier and are still out of alignment, but after you’ve rested some I’ll take a look at finishing them up later today and you’ll be here for the next three days until I’m sure you’re not going to put too much strain on them while they’re so tender. I am aware you’re on the house quidditch team—Minerva has explained it to me at length—so if you rest properly for the next week then come the following weekend for a check up you will be permitted to participate in that match. If I so much as sense you’re not taking your health seriously though, I will petition the Headmaster to ban you from all activities for the next month.”

Three days to fix all that damage—four counting the day he’d already been unconscious. Magical medicine was truly a miracle. While he was not thrilled with three days of being stuck here, he figured it was a fair trade for his life and not spending the next six months breathing through a straw—on top of the fact that two weeks away was his first quidditch match ever and he wouldn’t have to miss it even though he’d literally almost died not too long ago.

This was a strange world he’d fallen into.

“It doesn’t hurt,” He admitted again because he couldn’t think of anything else to respond with and maybe he was a moron. She nodded in agreement to both.

“Of course not, I’ve given you enough pain reducing potions to numb a hippogriff. After that ordeal I’ll not have you go into shock on top of it!”

“Oh.” Well, that made sense at least.

“Just because you don’t feel it doesn’t mean you can move—your ribs are still very much broken until I can see to it later today so just lie still. Also, your shoulder muscles are a bit inflamed from the healing so you’ll tear something if you over-extend before they’ve cooled off after some rest, so just be patient.”

There wasn’t really a good response to that other than the ‘yes ma’am’ on the tip of his tongue. He wasn’t going anywhere and he had no desire to put up a fight against the woman who’d saved his life, so he switched topics blatantly.

“What’s a hippogriff?”

Pomfrey’s stern look finally softened a bit, giving him a slightly amused sigh.

“You’ll learn about it in one of your classes, I’m sure.”

“What day is it?”

“It’s Saturday November 2nd , 7:39 in the morning.”

“How exactly does one become a Healer?”

Now she looked very amused. “You become very good at potions and charms, and have a desire to put up with children who ask too many questions.”

“Ah…” she made a fair point, and he grumbled as she patted him gently on the head while he was helplessly still very much numb and unable to move, which he thought was a little unfair.

“I know you’re still tired, so perhaps sleep a little more if you can. You’ve had quite a few visitors while you were asleep and I’m sure they’ll all be making another appearance throughout today, especially when word spreads that you’ve regained consciousness. You don’t want to be falling asleep on any of them, do you?”

“Guess not…” He allowed, and it wasn’t like he didn’t feel tired as hell. The fuzzy, sinking feeling of wanting to go back to sleep hadn’t really gone away yet aside from the brief moment he’d been angry, and it wasn’t hard to sink back into it easily.

“I will wake you later regardless to see to your ribs, so off you go.” She soothed as she passed by his bedside again, and once she was out of view and Harry no longer had something to focus on, his eyelids got heavy.

He was out before he even considered disobeying her.

000

It felt like seconds later he was drifting back up from where he felt like he was still floating in those pain reduction potions, and it only took a second to realize it was because of voices echoing in the high ceilings of the infirmary. Harry felt far more awake than before—still sleepy and mind moving like molasses as he stirred from slumber, but the intense desire to want to go back to bed was a lot easier to ignore.

It was taking a lot of effort to open his eyes though, his mind clearing in the fog as the voices got loud enough to shake him from his rest.

“Mr. Zabini, if you can’t keep your voice down I’m going to have to ask you to leave.” He heard Pomfrey’s voice from what seemed like a distance away.

“See what you did?”

“What I did?”

“Guys, maybe let’s not do this now?”

“He started it!”

“What are you, five?”

“And you’re telling me you’re friends with Harry, and that’s why you’re here. Really.”

“I never said anything of the sort. Giving gifts to invalids is polite and I’m a Slytherin. I’m nothing if not polite.”

“There’s a word for people like you, Blaise.” Harry finally opened his eyes, amused at the interaction going on around him—and even more amused when all four people around him had heart-attacks when they realized he was awake, including Blaise who Harry had never seen look more than slightly miffed, much less outright shocked.

“Harry!” Susan all but shoved Lu out of the way even as he opened his mouth to say something, her auburn hair flailing around him as she made an awkward, aborted attempt to hug him before realizing that was probably a bad idea. “You’re awake! We were so worried!”

“Oh good, he’s not dead. Well, my job here is done.” Blaise commented lightly, flashing a grin as he lifted up a neatly wrapped envelope and placed it on the bedside table beside Harry’s bed that he didn’t have the energy to turn his head and see. He stood with a flourish and winked at Lu, who turned a bright shade of red in fury. “Best be off then!”

“Aw, and here I thought you were here to visit me.” Harry mock pouted, the tall Slytherin rolling his eyes automatically.

“It is the polite thing to offer gifts to invalids, as I said, and as an acquaintance I had both the obligation to do so and the advantageous position in which it would be socially acceptable for me to visit. All of Slytherin wants to know if you’re dead but wouldn’t actually lower themselves to come on their own, so here I am. And since you’re awake and I know it before anyone else, I’m now atop the rumor mill: I’ve only got a couple hours to bank on this and daylight’s burning.” He brushed it off delicately.

“I feel used.” Harry complained but Blaise just waved over his shoulder as he walked away.

“You’ll get used to it dear.” He called, and then he was gone, leaving Harry very entertained and the remaining three pink-cheeked from indignation at Zabini’s sass.

“And you actually like him?” Hannah demanded, taking Blaise’s vacated seat to be closer, and Harry would’ve shrugged, if he was able to at that moment.

“He can be entertaining. Also, Draco likes him and I’m not allowed to comment on my friends’ choice of friends, because that’d be hypocritical.” He said by way of explanation, and while he saw most of them mentally wonder why he was friends with Draco in the first place, none of them voiced it.

“Really though, it’s good to see you awake. You gave everyone a right heart attack, when we heard what happened.” Lu huffed, settling down some when it was clear Blaise had done a great job of getting on every last one of his nerves in a very short amount of time.

“Poor Neville too,” Hannah lowered her voice considerably, and Harry felt his stomach twist.

“Where is he?”

“Probably in the greenhouses still. He’s spent most of the time since we heard over there, aside from classes.” She frowned worriedly.

“Dean said he was already back at the Gryffindor dorm when they got back after Professor Quirrell warned everyone about the troll. He had no idea what was happening—he freaked out and no one realized it was because he knew where you were.” Susan explained.

“Seamus thought he was just scared of the troll and tried to keep him in their room to calm him down but by the time anyone listened to him it was kind of already too late.” Hannah sighed wearily, definitely looking guilty despite not having been anywhere near Gryffindor tower that night to be at fault.

And Harry knew why—despite them getting closer thanks to playing football every so often, Neville was still kind of… the wallflower of the group, honestly. He knew people didn’t take Neville seriously, but that…. I mean even Seamus, who was definitely one of the nicer guys of their whole year by like a lot. The Hufflepuff girls were nice, but definitely the gossipy, judgmental types like most preteen girls were, and he knew for a fact that despite liking him, they’d both probably had some unkind thoughts to their slightly outcasted group member.

Even Lu, who was pursing his lips a bit, probably hadn’t been mentally charitable towards Neville either. He was a Ravenclaw after all, an athletic one at that. Neville was neither athletic nor Ravenclaw-ish in any way, and his bad luck in mist-cast spells and his struggling to perform most magics meant his grades were not Ravenclaw-standard either.

But Neville had tried to help and no one had listened to him, and while Dean and Seamus weren’t here to give their sides of the story, it was clear everyone else was feeling a little bit of proximity guilt. They weren’t exactly to blame at all for what happened—even Neville’s warning might not have changed anything—but they’d been complicit in creating the attitude they all had that Neville wasn’t credible.

Harry mentally winced. He hadn’t really talked to Neville in weeks—the blond wasn’t one to bring things up on his own but Harry had known he had issues with Draco and kept it to himself. He had issues with the Slytherins, with the flying incident, with Harry’s fight with Draco… Neville had been right there and clearly been keeping his thoughts to himself.

Harry suddenly felt a bit guilty, having noticed it but not taking the time to ask. Neville wasn’t exactly going anywhere, so Harry had always thought he had time to get around to it.

And that kind of made him a terrible friend.

He winced visibly.

“You okay?” Lu sat up alarm, seeing that.

“Yeah, my shoulder just hurts,” he lied immediately, not willing to get into the guilt he felt itching at his stomach. He hadn’t had any regrets since coming to Hogwarts… actually, no, he hadn’t had any regrets since he’d decided to be on his own side, refusing to let anyone manipulate or beat him into following any path that wasn’t his own.

He hadn’t been expecting to actually care about someone like he cared about Draco, and to realize he couldn’t be as cold or as calculating as he was with his Slytherin friends was an uneasy feeling. Draco got it when they didn’t speak for weeks, and he figured out how to get around it—he was off fighting his own battles with Slytherin’s politics in any case, and so Harry didn’t have to think about him all too often other than to enjoy his presence when they were together and slowly piece together his ‘operation fox’ idea. Harry could be himself with Draco, which meant he could live his life the way he pleased, Draco doing the same and living his own life, and the two of them would still be there in the moments they wanted to enjoy each other. But neither of them had to lean on each other or depend on each other to live those lives.

Everyone else… while Harry liked them, his attitude to them was always the same. Don’t interfere with my life, and I won’t bother you. Simple, logical, and he didn’t have to get attached or become influenced by others, which would interfere with his dedication to putting himself first.

And yes, it was selfish. Harry already knew that.

But if you only got one ally in your life, yourself, Harry wanted his only ally to be a good one. He didn’t want to have to lean on people and he most certainly didn’t want to be beholden to anyone. Draco was enough, and he already felt an obligation or connection to him more than he felt to anyone else, but it had absolutely never changed the way he chose to act and he wanted to keep it that way.

It kind of sucker punched him in the gut to realize that, without even noticing, Neville had somehow inched closer than Harry was consciously willing to let people get.

And now he felt bad about his actions towards the meek blond, and he distinctly didn’t like it. He’d gotten too used to being unashamed for this to be a kind reminder to what he used to feel, before he’d decided he was worthy of being loved by himself.

Just because he was keen on being on his own side, didn’t mean he couldn’t also be objective with who he was as a person. He knew he was selfish, he knew he was probably a little vain, but he hadn’t realized he was a bad friend until now. He was fine with the first two, but not the last one.

He was going to have to fix that somehow.

“Maybe we should let you rest then, we just wanted to check on you. Madam Pomfrey said you’d wake up today and we had gifts to deliver.” Lu took his pained expression to mean he was literally in pain, and Harry was fine with the assumption.

“Gifts?” He blinked.

“Didn’t you see your table here?” Susan grinned, pointing something out of his periphery, but his drugged state didn’t let him move his neck more than tilting his head to the left an inch.

“Ah, I think Madam Pomfrey stunned me or something so I don’t break anything else: I can’t move.” He admitted.

“Wouldn’t shock me.” Lu grinned. “The whole school heard about what happened of course, so you got a lot of well-wishers visiting. You’ve got tons of things here—candies, cards, some wrapped gifts, and uh… a toilet seat for some reason.” He helpfully explained, although was looking rather baffled at that last one.

“Um… not sure what the joke is, but I’m willing to bet it was the twins doing.” Harry suggested, and the three of them nodded at that point. “Well that’s nice of everyone, I’ll have to thank them some-”

WAIT. The twins!

If Neville was already back at the tower, where were the twins!?

“Harry?” Hannah broke him out of his sudden panic—all three of them looking concerned at whatever expression he had on.

He tried to focus himself quickly. No one had mentioned anything about someone else getting hurt so far, so maybe they got away with it somehow. I mean, they’d delivered him a toilet seat as a joke (he really hoped it was them at least, or someone was going to owe him a very good explanation) so clearly they hadn’t been killed at least, and didn’t hate him enough to stop being friendly/pulling pranks on him. He decided to keep his mouth shut about it just in case, not wanting to give them away, although he felt ice cold from the realization that he might’ve risked the twins’ lives on top of his own. Not that he’d known about the troll, not that he could’ve ever known, but he felt guilty anyway.

It really had been a horrible night, and now he felt guilty over no less than three people. AND he was hospitalized.

This sucked.

“Sorry. Just a little tired.” He deflected their concern, although it didn’t nothing to sooth them as he let them incorrectly assume he was still in pain.

“Maybe we should go, let you rest some.” Susan frowned.

“No, that’s fine… I’ll let you guys do the talking though. Tell me about what’s happened since I was out,” he offered, and they hesitated a bit before settling down once more. Hannah and Susan had a novel ready to go on school gossip of course, with Lu chiming in occasionally about more interesting things concerning school life, and Harry let his guilt fall to the back of his mind as he enjoyed their visit for the time being.

He had work to do later, but he could at least enjoy this now.

000

It was very much after dinner when footsteps alerted Harry that he had another visitor. Draco had spent dinner with him in here, having brought his own food from somewhere as Madam Pomfrey had finally fixed his ribs and helped him sit up to eat his own meal. Magic really was wonderful, and as the last of his pain potions wore off, despite being sore as hell and his shoulder aching fiercely, he wasn’t in extreme pain despite knowing he’d very nearly been dead about 48 hours prior.

But his organs were back to healthy enough to have treacle tart and his bones fixed enough that he could feed himself, so he could handle another day or so of ache for now.

Draco had clearly heard from Blaise already that he was alive, and being raised in a magical family probably had more faith in magical healing than Harry himself did, so he wasn’t shocked so to say… he wasn’t happy but he was clearly keeping his snarkier comments to himself until Harry was at least out of the hospital wing. Instead they’d spent the meal going over the class notes Harry missed while he was out—the only class he’d missed actually, which was unfortunately potions.

Apparently Snape had given him a zero for both attendance and the classwork, and Draco had said not to even bother trying to ask for a make-up. Harry hadn’t pegged Snape for the lenient type anyway, even if the man had been there to see him literally get crushed by a troll only the night prior. Draco hadn’t bothered do more than go over the potion they’d covered with him briefly, already focusing on the next one since he’d have to get high scores for the rest of the semester in order to ensure his grade didn’t drop too terribly.

Harry paid close attention to Draco’s notes on yesterday’s potion though, already having a sinking suspicion that it was going to pop up on an exam or even their final eventually.

Much later though, when even Draco had given up drilling potions into him and turned in for the night, when curfew couldn’t be that far away, he heard shuffling footsteps and propped himself up on his bed now that he could do such a thing to look for who it was.

He kind of already knew who it was though, and so just smiled when Neville peeked his head around the curtain divider.

“Hey Neville.” He greeted, keeping his voice down because he had a feeling it was late enough for Madam Pomfrey to feel the need to kick visitors out.

“Hey Harry.” The blond greeted just as quietly, also glancing around for the infamous nurse before slipping closer and taking the seat beside his bed. “I would’ve brought flowers but the ones I’m tending to are poisonous.”

“While I think that’d be interesting, Pomfrey might throw a fit.” He grinned, and Neville nodded a bit too seriously. Having already met the woman and been under her care this year, he likely had a healthy respect/fear of her. More so than Harry’s self-destructive snarky mouth did, at least. “You okay? I mean-”

“I should really be asking you that.” Neville cut him off a bit, which Harry was both surprised and kind of pleased with, somehow.

“Well, hopped up on pain reducing potions and with Madam Pomfrey’s assurance I’ll be right as rain in a day or two, so you know. Happy you’re here entertaining me because it’s right boring here.”

Neville offered a weak smile at that, but didn’t really answer either. There was a long pause in which Harry realized this was kind of the moment he had to step up as a friend. He took a breath.

“Neville, forgive me if this sounds a little self-absorbed… but this isn’t your fault, you know that right?” He tried to keep the concern out of his voice, laying it there matter-of-factly for his friend to hear and address as he liked.

But it was important he knew. Him asking Harry to go look for Hermione, no one believing him back at the tower… it was absolutely not his fault that any of it had happened. But Neville had a kind heart, and Harry worried he won’t see it that way.

The blond kept his head down, and there was a long silence as he seemed to take that in. Harry, for once, kept his mouth shut and patiently let him work out whatever it was he was building to say.

And then:

“Would you hate me if I said I know?”

Harry blinked.

Wait… what?

“Uh… no? Not at all actually. I just worried…I mean that sounds arrogant if you know what I mean, but it’s good if you don’t. You shouldn’t.”

“Worried I’d feel guilty for asking you to check on Hermione.” Neville was looking at him now, blue eyes wide but not alarmed. Calm and facing forward… and Harry actually felt a little uncomfortable to be put on the spot like this. That was… new.

“Well, yeah.” He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Just to reiterate you shouldn’t so we’re on the same page. That’s good. Uh…yeah.”

Neville didn’t really react other than nodding slightly. He tilted his head a bit as he spoke again, in the same clam, even tone.

“If you hadn’t been there, Hermione might’ve died.” He intoned blankly.

Harry stared at him.

“Well… she’s an impressive witch. She could’ve-”

“Harry.” Again, he was cut off and the gentle, but no-nonsense tone Neville had to have inherited from that terrifying grandmother he talked about shut Harry up immediately. If he thought the quiet Gryff had killer mother-hen eyes, that paled in comparison to this kind of slightly-disappointed-parent tone he had on now. “She could’ve died, and probably would have.”

He ducked his head a bit, hands closing around themselves in his lap tightly as if retraining himself physically. “If I were to regret something, it’s that I didn’t go check on her myself earlier in the day. I should’ve—I noticed she didn’t come back to classes. I should’ve done it before dinner, because I noticed. But I didn’t.”

Harry was at a total loss and not really feeling like he was doing the comforting here anymore. It kind of sounded like Neville had already made up his mind which was… kind of cool, but threw him for a wild loop.

“You don’t really know Hermione like I do. It was reasonable to wait until dinner and ask me.”

Neville met his gaze again, the frown on his lips the sheer definition of disappointed that Harry could say such a thing now and Harry felt himself flush a bit in embarrassment.

“She’s never been anything but kind to me. I owed her more than that.”

Harry was totally speechless.

Who knew Neville had such a strong sense of morality?

“If I had to do it again, knowing what I knew at the time, I still would’ve asked. Because she’s our friend and she deserved someone to go after her. If I’d known there’d have been a troll, I’d still have asked, but I’d have gone with you.” Neville continue, his voice hard and even and solid as a stone that refused to move in the face of the river crashing around it.

Harry was surprised, but he felt a smile forming on his lips unwillingly, as a warmth and fond amusement hijacked his heart.

“Or we could’ve been clever about it and told a teacher.” He pointed out, biting back a grin when Neville seemed to jolt out of his serious persona for a moment to blush heavily at that obvious point he’d missed. Neville was the kind of Gryffindor that Dumbledore tried to paint Harry as after all—the brave at heart one who would do anything for his friends before thinking twice about if there was an easier or more logical answer. “I do appreciate the sentiment though. And in the end, there was no way anyone could’ve called a freakin troll wandering the hallways.”

Except Dumbledore, but that’s another matter.

“I don’t like that you got hurt, but sometimes people just get hurt. I’m more relieved you’ll be okay than anything.” Neville admitted. Harry noticed he didn’t even mention what had happened back at the tower, and he gave a silent sigh. Neville was… probably too kind, if that was a thing.

“Thanks Neville.” He smiled, not bringing it up for now. There was a ton of things he probably could’ve used this moment to bring up, all the things he’d been avoiding, but… maybe one heart-to-heart conversation per day was a good start. He didn’t want to come off as pitying, or like this near-death experience had shocked him awake into being a better friend. I mean that was technically what happened, but it would feel cheap somehow, and the implication would always be there that he’d forget about Neville when the shock of almost dying wore off.

If he wanted to be a better friend and mean it, it wasn’t going to be a conversation they had. If he wanted to apologize it would have to be through his actions showing that he was sorry, and from here on out just being better than he had been before. And maybe someday he’d bring up the apology he owed Neville, once he’d already proved he really meant it. An apology with nothing behind it showing you meant it, showing that you legitimately regretted it enough to change your actions, meant absolutely nothing after all.

So, he made a vow and started plotting, but he didn’t bring it up for now. Operation Lion had a nice ring to it.

“Now what about that Transfiguration homework? McGonagall will probably give me a pass but then again, she’s McGonagall and even being attacked by a troll might not sway her and I didn’t have a chance to finish what she assigned last week. What was it on again?” He tactlessly changed the subject, and Neville smiled in his small, kind little way that he had when he knew Harry was being…well, Harry, and patiently indulging him.

He pulled out some notes from his bag and Harry happily picked holes in his homework to improve his arguments, and Neville just jotted them down obediently.

Things would change, Harry was sure of it. He would see to it, that is… and he’d take it one day at a time.

000

“You are the most unfortunate lucky person I’ve ever met, Mr. Potter.”

Oh I know that prim and disappointed tone anywhere!

“Professor McGonagall!” he chirped, grinning as she came around the curtain to his hospital bed. It was probably lunch break Monday judging by the time, and Harry felt pretty much healed apart from the fact Pomfrey wasn’t about to let him go until tomorrow—or the fact his arm was still bound up so tight he couldn’t really use it (it didn’t hurt, but Pomfrey assured him it was magical, and not because he was no longer injured). As it was he was he was upright in bed, reading Dell’s journals and several transfiguration books Neville and Draco had brought him so he didn’t get bored enough to consider a jail break before he was healed.

For once, both Gryffindor and Slytherin were on exactly the same page as the two of them seemed to have the same exact thought independently of each other.

“What about an unfortunate lucky person?” He tilted his head as she came to stand beside his bed and give him the same stern looks she always had. Like he was up to some mischief somehow no matter how innocent his smile.

“Most students go seven years at Hogwarts without ever running into a legitimately dangerous creature without being carefully monitored by a teacher first, and you manage to run into a mountain troll within weeks of getting here. Most adults never run into mountain trolls in their lives.”

“If I had a choice in the matter I very much would not have chosen to do that though.” He pointed out, and her sour look worsened. Oops.

"As it is, when we were cleaning up we found a large mass of molten metal where the confrontation with the troll went down. Ms. Granger said you transfigured its club; can you explain?"

Ah, transfiguration. He could talk on this subject all day, even if he was suspicious about why she was here to talk about it.

"Well I panicked really, and I only know a couple spells. We were working on perfecting changing matches into needles and wood-to-metal was the first thing that came to mind when I pointed my wand at it." He admitted. He saw no reason to lie to her, as she was the only adult who treated his arguments and thoughts as valid. He could only respond with the same respect.

She raised one eyebrow pointedly.

"You show a great deal of promise in my classes with your control, however that stunt proves you have a significant amount of power at your disposal too. You still need a lot more practice as if you'd done it correctly that club should've been solid metal—in this case it works out as that would only have done quite a bit more damage." Harry felt sweat pop up on his brow as he imagined that—clearly he hadn’t thought it through, but he’d panicked okay!? "Still, it’s a rare witch or wizard who leans on transfiguration first, in a battle-like setting, instead of a charm or an offensive spell. In any case… thirty points to Gryffindor, for an excellent show of Transfiguration. Keep at it, Mr. Potter."

And just like that, she gave him an indulgent smile before turning and walking away before Harry could close his jaw enough to respond.

He only just barely managed to perk up and shout after her just before she left the hospital wing.

"Thank you professor!"

In all his eleven years of life, Harry could not remember feeling this warmth ever before, but he immediately decided it loved it.





Chapter 21: Book 1 : Pride : 21




It was a bright, lovely Saturday morning in Autumn, just over a week from when he’d almost been squashed by a troll on a dark, Halloween night.

Harry had gotten a clean bill of health from Madam Pomfrey just earlier that morning which really only continued to surprise him as everyone else around who was raised in magical families seemed totally unperturbed by how fast magical medicine worked. That meant today he was allowed to participate in some mild exercise to get back into shape before his quidditch match next weekend, and if his chosen activity was football, all the better to let his still sore shoulder rest up a bit more.

And because he was brilliant at what he did, he’d managed to track down and convince Fred and George to join their budding football club. He tried to apologize to them, but they’d cut him off and hadn’t even let him finish speaking before going off about something else, so he still didn’t know what their opinion on the matter was. Since it was pretty hard to track them down and keep them still, getting them to join their club seemed like a good idea at the time.

But the thing was… the twins were very, very good at quidditch, mainly because their positions were all but designed for them. Beaters were a team within a team, and when you could practically read someone's mind then that team was a very, very good one.

And Harry was slightly in despair to realize this talent of their very easily translated down a couple hundred meters into the grass of the quidditch pitch they'd been cleared to use for their football club, as he watched Fred and George kick a ball back and forth to each other with a positively terrifying speed and accuracy. Never done this before his butt— there was no way they didn't have practice at this under their belts.

And he said as much, loudly.

One of the twins threw his head back, laughing heartily when he heard that complaint.

"Dad works for the Ministry for the prevention of magical artifacts getting into muggles' hands."

"He loves muggle stuff and we've known about this game for a while-"

"Dad confiscated many an enchanted football and returned it back to normal-"

"Kept it in our shed though and it got way boring at home once our older brothers went to Hogwarts-"

"And the littler ones were too young to play with us."

"We've kicked this thing around before," They chorused as they kept kicking it back and forth to each other a break-neck speed that left even Dean looking uneasy. It was as if their lightning-fast hits back and forth with beater bats had translated directly into a football skidding across the ground and now Harry knew he was not actually good at football, just better than people his own age. The twins though, were looking to be very good at football.

Harry turned to Lu beside him with a deadpan. "What were you saying about it being unfair I was good at both quidditch and football?"

"Well." Lu huffed, rubbing his jaw thoughtfully. "Who expects the Weasley twins, honestly?"

Harry snorted automatically and Seamus outright laughed behind them.

"Um… I've never really played this game before. Is that what we're supposed to do?" One of their other new additions chimed in from a little ways away.

Felix and Marissa were third year Ravenclaws who'd seen the sign and were interested, but both were pureblood who didn't know the rules. Alexander was a second year Hufflepuff who'd heard Susan and Hannah going on about this club and being a muggleborn himself with no interest in quidditch thought it worth looking into, but even though he knew the game he looked a little green at trying to get between the twins and their psychic rhythm here.

In addition to those three there were two Gryffindor second years and three Hufflepuff first years, a mix of muggleborn and half-bloods who were interested in a sport other than quidditch that was open to everyone, and curious purebloods who had no idea what was going on but had heard of this little get together and wanted to know more. Not a single Slytherin so far though, not that Harry was shocked. He could wait them out though.

"Those two are ridiculous. Ignore them." Harry assured Felix's nervous question quickly.

"Hey!" The twins in question cried indignantly.

"This is never going to work." Lu huffed, crossing his arms pointedly. "We're all at such different skill levels and knowledge of the game that it won't be fair to those learning to have to put up with those more skilled and those who already know the game and want to play won't be content to doing basic passes and kicks every week." He laid out the problem like a true Ravenclaw, his housemates instantly looking thoughtful on how to solve it but not quite sure how. Mainly because most of them didn't really know what the game entailed in the first place.

"Well it's not like Hogwarts doesn't have enough land to spread out. Maybe we should split up into skill groups—first years or really those who don't know what the heck is going on in one group, other more experienced in another. We should also draw straws because if the twins are always on the same team I don't think anyone but them is going to have a good time."

"Now that is just plain rude, Apples." One of them—Harry was just going to randomly label that one George— stuck his tongue out, not even breaking stride from playing ball with his brother.

"True, but rude!" Fred agreed unhelpfully, earning himself a particularly hard kick from his brother that sent the ball directly into his chest and downed him dramatically, much to everyone's amusement.

"Okay, let’s start like this: who doesn't know a thing about football? And it's fine to raise your hand, I know there are at least three of you."

Felix, Marissa, both the Gryffindor second years, and one of the Hufflepuff first years all raised their hands. With Neville, Hannah, and Susan that meant there'd be eight in the 'beginners' group. Harry probably should've been in the beginner's group but after showing off the last weeks he wasn't sure Dean or Lu (who'd somehow become co-leaders of this thing, he wasn’t sure how that happened but had a suspicion there was some intense shop talk happening between the two new bros when he wasn’t around) would agree with that opinion. While he could run laps around Neville who'd literally never heard of football until a month ago, he was absolutely trash compared to the speed Fred and George had been going at. Was there an intermediate level?

"That splits us pretty even actually, if Neville, Susan, and Hannah you'd want to stay to learn more." Dean offered, and the three of them glanced at each other but just shrugged, knowing they didn't really have grounds to claim they were all that good. They knew the rules at least, compared to the rest of the beginners. Or sort of did, as Harry wasn't sure Susan had ever admitted defeat to Lu about what she maintained as 'legal'.

"That means its eight and eight—I can stay over here and talk rules and basics, while everyone else who wants to play a pick-up game."

"Let's do it width-ways on the pitch so we can be within shouting distance—we're not big enough for full teams anyway." Lu suggested and no one had an issue so they parted ways and each took an end of the pitch, the upper years transfiguring sticks into make-shift goal posts at Dean’s direction for each game and lots were drawn to decide teams. The twins were not allowed to pick draws and had been put on different teams, which caused them to pout playfully but they didn't argue.

"We've got five siblings, two of which are younger and one who is a priss who never liked to fight dirty. We can cool it for now until we're all a bit better," One of them had said when Harry warned them not to blow over the many first and second years they were playing against. The only other third years on the field were in the beginner's course, after all. They seemed genuinely okay with taking it easy and not going all out too, but then again Harry hadn't met anyone quite as playful and laid back as the twins, so he didn't worry too much about it (they ended up spending most of the time trying to sabotage each other anyway, which was hilarious for all involved).

All in all, he worked up a good sweat by the end of their little club session, and he got a real sense of pride to realize this thing was growing. The month had started out pretty terrible to be fair, but things were definitely looking up.

000

“Why won’t you let me apologize?”

The twin he was kicking the ball to paused just enough to roll his eyes, then kick it over to his brother almost without even looking. That twin caught it just as effortlessly.

“Let’s be real, avoiding a troll is not the most dangerous thing we’ve done in the name of a prank,”

“And you even had more noble reasons for sending us off than we’d ever had.” The other twin chimed in, equally as unimpressed with Harry’s attempt to make amends.

“Besides, the house elves knew before anyone the troll was out,”

“They didn’t let us leave the kitchens until it was clear.” They explained.

“House elves?” That was the second time he’d heard about them, but he still wasn’t sure what they were. But more importantly: “Also, you know where the kitchens are?”

“Yeah we do!”

“That’s a handy trick for a late-night snack. We’ll show you sometime.”

“Well that’d be awesome,” Harry perked up, because that was brilliant knowledge to have, for sure. And he reluctantly let the matter drop for now as he could see where the twins were coming from. What was with these Gryffindor’s and their surprising sense of morals?

Maybe he hadn’t been sorted into the right house after all. He was starting to realize maybe he wasn’t exactly nice enough to be a proper Gryffindor… he was really going to have to watch that, moving forward.

The club had called it quits around lunch time as they usually did, but the twins were happy to stick around and continue goofing off with each other so Harry had jumped at the chance to get them alone. Now that he knew they knew where the kitchens were, skipping an official meal time probably meant little to them. Harry was hungry though so he’d probably get that information from them sooner rather than later.

"Hey Apples," One of the twins called after a couple minutes of quiet (a thing Harry should’ve picked up on much faster with the twins, he realized) passing the ball around lazily.

"Hm?"

"Would you mind if we asked about the colors?"

"Colors?"

"I mean we know you were raised by muggles but we know muggles some too, from our dad."

"You don't dress like muggles—or anybody really." They chimed in between themselves, and Harry was surprised about the sudden change in topic. Especially from the twins, who were the first to totally and entirely accept his weird quirks without so much as an eyebrow or second glance other than appropriately appreciative. Not that they just didn’t comment or notice, they routinely complimented him if he had a new hair pin or band t-shirt they liked on, but other than that never really acknowledged his style choice. And everyone else either just thought he was weird and ignored it or were pureblood and assumed that was how muggles dressed.

He looked down at his outfit of the day, which he was proud of but still, people had long since stopped bringing up what he wore. Teal shorts that went to mid-thigh with a bright white stripe down the side, his white sneakers and a fitted bright pink t-shirt with a faded yellow skull on the front. He thought it was a band shirt but wasn’t sure what the band was to be honest, he just liked the colors. And since he knew he’d be running a lot today, he had his hair in a high pony tail and one of Dell’s bracelets looped around the crown for flare, but had otherwise left all his normal baubles off since he was running around and getting sweaty today.

When he started at Hogwarts, he had no intention of explaining himself to people. They could either leave him be or get lost, and he’d intended to maintain that during his time at this school.

However… the twins had been very kind to him, and despite being a couple years older and slightly removed life-experience-wise, they were genuinely happy, cheerful people who were asking now out of harmless interest. No judgement from either of them, just an earnest curiosity about him and Harry felt less defensive than he normally would be at a question like that. And he still felt bad about unknowingly putting them in danger, so he took a breath and explained.

"… the muggles I grew up with were the worst sort, really. I don't call them family—they're relatives, nothing more." He began and they didn’t really have a reaction to that as they continued to slowly kick the ball around, so he continued. "They were obsessed about being normal. They never told me about magic, and I think they tried to stamp it out of me although I didn't realize that's what they were doing. My aunt hated my mother and her freakishness more than anything—except maybe my Dad and me."

They looked pretty confused at that, and Harry knew they would be. People who grew up with magic learning there were people who hated it was probably a new concept, and he smiled wryly at them. "I guess growing up being told that anything even slightly abnormal was freakish and wrong was counter-productive: when I decided to be free of their opinions and of them in general I decided to be who I was no matter what. If that meant wearing a shirt I liked the color of, then so be it.” He gave a soft chuckle at the understatement in amusement. “It snowballed into being a bit more than wearing odd colored shirts just to be defiant in my aunt's eyes. I decided I liked color and shiny things and the color of my hair so… here I am." He opened his arms as if gesturing to himself with a small, earnest smile. "No apologies."

“…”

“…”

Twins gave each other a look, and then one of them smiled but with something a bit sad in his face.

"We always thought about that too. The no apologies part." He paused his words to kick the ball harshly towards his brother who caught it, shrugging a bit. "We grew up being told Gryffindor means brave of heart, and that every Weasley for centuries has been a Gryffindor. A long time ago we decided that meant something different to us than it does to everyone else—that we should be brave enough to love and hate and feel whatever we wanted with our hearts no matter anyone else's opinions or how right or wrong it was. To be brave enough to be pure of heart—or pure to what our hearts feel." He grinned widely with a light laugh of his own. "We kind of figured that's what you were going to say, which is why we asked. We could tell pretty quickly you were our kind of person and thought you might agree with our perspective."

Harry blinked, surprised by that. And suddenly, he was reevaluating what the Sorting Hat had said about Gryffindor.

Huh.

And then, a little belatedly, he realized only one twin had said that—and made a mini-speech of it too, without his twin interrupting for the first time since Harry had met them. The other just hit the ball back and forth with them like he was listening, but not truly engaging in the conversation for once—his face blank and eyes focused on the ball.

Odd.

He glanced between the two of them, but they were identical. Right down to their freckles, somehow. That had to be magic, right? But… clearly they were different, as they were showing their difference now, for the first time, and Harry sensed this was just as important a confession for them as his own was.

"I think I do. Agree, that is." He acknowledged carefully. "It's a great way to look at it… and honestly it makes more sense about why I'm in Gryffindor, not Slytherin."

The first twin snickered, the other still not looking up. Harry was a little concerned, to be honest.

"Do you agree?" He asked mainly to the silent twin, who looked up in surprise… smiling a bit belatedly as if realizing he’d been acting off. And still, his smile didn’t match his brother’s, as it was wry instead of sad.

"I do. Fred and I agreed on this years ago—we were like seven really." He admitted, revealing himself to be George… which was interesting. But even as Harry watched, his eyes dimmed slightly. "It's just not always so easy, is it? Not that we ever thought it'd be."

He kicked the ball a bit harsher than before which sent it spiraling off into the nearby field and Fred pointedly did not comment or look at his twin, but chased after it as if to avoid whatever it was his brother was talking about.

Harry wondered— he couldn’t not be curious— especially when they were dropping heavy hints like this and suddenly being so very different it was all he could do to keep his mouth shut and not immediately start asking questions about why they never actually acted different before. But it was clear they weren’t willing to talk about it today, as they’d already confessed more than just a little, so he kept his questions to himself.

Some things weren’t easy to say, and he knew that. But he was happy the twins were willing to share just this much for today.

000

“Draco, I know you’re cracked, but why must we walk with him today of all days.” Blaise complained, but Draco was an expert at tuning his roommate out by now.

“I’m being supportive because I will not be cheering for Gryffindor and hope you lose, so I’m being nice now.” He explained, looking more at Harry as he spoke, who promptly rolled his eyes.

With his clean bill of health, and a week of hard prep to make up for his time injured, it meant today Harry was ready to compete in his first quidditch game—against the Slytherins, unfortunately, so while Draco was nice enough to walk with him to the Great Hall in support of his first game, he would still be cheering for the Slytherin team and hoping Gryffindor lost brutally.

Draco was a lunatic when it came to quidditch after all; it had less to do with house rivalries although it certainly didn’t help. Harry knew since the moment he’d told Draco he was on the team and the blond had pouted for a week about a first year who wasn’t him being allowed to play, that their friendship didn’t stand a chance against Draco’s passion for quidditch.

He didn’t take offense. McGonagall was his favorite teacher after all and she damn near lost her mind over the game too (she gave him a freaking NIMBUS 2000 like a teacher giving a student a present wasn’t the weirdest thing ever but it was the loveliest broom ever so he couldn’t actually find it within himself to complain earnestly about it), so he knew it was just a sickness certain people had, and wouldn’t hold it against them.

That didn’t mean he wasn’t competitive and very much aiming to win today, he just wasn’t going to be mad at Draco later when he pouted over his house team losing.

Not that Harry was cocky or anything, he smirked to himself.

“Cheer all you want, Slytherin won’t win so easily.”

“We are undefeated for the past several years though.” Draco shot back smugly.

“Yeah, since Charlie Weasley graduated as the last good seeker we had and in those days Gryffindor was the undefeated ones. Fred and George have trained against both of us and tell me I may just have him matched.” He was not ashamed to say he was flaunting, but Draco started it and the playful glare he got made his bragging worth it.

Besides, bragging felt better than thinking about the butterflies currently eating away at his stomach in nerves.

“Youngest seeker in a century—McGonagall wouldn’t have let it happen if he weren’t good enough to make the blatant rule-breaking worth it.” Blaise pointed out neutrally—mostly to get a rise out of Draco and it definitely worked.

“That’s still totally lame. She can get away with it because she’s Dumbledore’s favorite, but if Professor Snape tried the whole school would be calling for someone’s head.” The blond complained.

“Tell us something we don’t know,” Harry scoffed. “I’ll be more understanding to your plight another day, when my grade has recovered from Snape failing me for getting crushed by a troll.”

“He must really hate you. That’s outlandish, even for him.” Blaise allowed, Draco pouting and not willing to get into the conversation about his godfather once again. He played the balance of being both a good godson and a good friend—and neither of those things were compatible on a good day, so for now he just brushed by the topic.

“Okay, fairness aside it doesn’t impact the fact that one new player isn’t going to change the dynamic of a record-breaking winning streak of a well-established team.”

“Well established team my butt, Wood only goes on and on about the holes in your defense.”

“But our offense is best in the school, and a new seeker isn’t going to change that!”

“No, but you yourself have gone on for ages about the seeker being the focal point that can turn the tide of a game easily depending on the play.”

“Only with solid chasers to back them up, and Gryffindor’s got nothing on-”

“Don’t you even dare, our girls are just as cutthroat as any snake and I’ve got bruises to prove it!”

Blaise rolled his eyes behind them. Harry liked to pretend he wasn’t as interested in quidditch, just to highlight what a maniac Draco was about it, but the both of them were very deeply into the game. Harry had only learned about it a couple months ago after all, and this being his first game he was going to ever see much less play in, Blaise expected this hobby of theirs to only get worse with time.

Oh joy. If Draco actually makes the team next year this’ll be all I hear about. Only good thing is he might’ve messed up with Flint by being too pushy when we first started so maybe he won’t make the cut. Although if I have to hear about that I might just move in with Crabbe and Goyle if Nott doesn’t beat me to it.

He grimaced at his own bad joke. Yeah… it wasn’t as funny as he thought it’d be.

Wait… where is Nott? He blinked, glancing around and realized they were one person short of their normal group. Nott was silent as wallpaper when Harry was around, but they typically didn’t just lose him like that unless—

“Well, this isn’t a shock, but it sure is nauseating first thing in the morning.” A voice cut Harry and Draco’s mild-mannered bickering off mere meters from the entrance to the Great Hall, and Blaise felt a tick form in his temple.

You can’t be serious right now.

They turned, and the not-as-pretty red head of their own house, Graham Montague, greeted them with a sneer on his face. Well… he wasn’t polite enough to greet Blaise, nor was he as their senior really obligated to greet a lowly first year even if he was a Zabini, so he let it go.

No… he was really addressing Draco, and Blaise kept his mouth shut to keep clear.

“Must you consort with a mudbood, Malfoy? And here I thought you had better breeding than that. Seems the rumors of being inbred might have some merit.” The third year drawled, and Draco’s hackles went up immediately.

Harry’s did too, for that matter, but other than narrowing of lime green eyes, he didn’t speak over Draco as the blond straightened his posture to face his upper year head on.

“Montague.” The Malfoy managed to greet; jaw clenched in clear sign of what he thought of the guy.

“And of course our favorite celebrity… Potter.” He turned his scathing greeting to the red head beside his target, and Harry didn’t miss a beat.

“It’s Monroe, Mr. Montague.” And damn, if only Nott would talk to the Gryffindor, because they could both pull off damn cold like no one’s business.

“Of course.” The third year rolled his eyes in blatant disregard for the request. “You’re a flagrant little fly, aren’t you? You do know what mudblood means, right?”

“I’m aware.” He got out through his own clenched teeth this time.

Draco took a neat step forward and slightly forward to block Harry from view slightly. “Enough, Montague.” He growled lowly at him, and the upper year sneered openly.

“Oh, so you’ve gone full-on traitor then?” He scoffed. “Let’s get one thing straight Malfoy, you’re a sell-out of the highest order and you being a first year will only save you temporarily. Keep making shit decisions like that and you better watch your back.” Saying that while looking directly at Harry, green eyes on fire back at him. “And you should watch your back on the pitch today, Potter. It’d be a real shame to see you back in the hospital wing so quickly… then again, maybe the troll was onto something.”

“A relative, perhaps?” Draco shot back in mock politeness, and the eyes above him darkened dangerously.

“Watch yourself, traitor. It’s poor form to knock out a first year but I’m sure people will forgive me with a mouth like that on you.”

“I don’t think anyone would be shocked by a show of poor form from you of all people, Montague.” Draco snarled back with equal venom, if slightly more restrained. “You’re not exactly cream of the crop by anyone’s standards, no matter how many rumors you spread or how many people you have telling you things you want to hear.” He jerked his chin up, every bit of his pompous better than you air he had perfected since before Hogwarts making it’s full, glorious appearance. “Come after me, that’s fine—but it won’t improve your family’s status nor will it give you mine.”

The stinging implication to that insult being that Montague was jealous of the Malfoy wealth and power.

And Blaise had to admit, that was one of the cleverest things his roommate had ever said. Draco had a bad habit of outright leaning on his father’s position like it was his own—but this was an improvement by far, even if it wasn’t the greatest comeback in the world.

The third year’s face turned such an alarming color, Blaise wondered if he’d popped a blood vessel. “Watch yourself, brat. Let’s not forget you’re on a sinking boat because you sold out your own kind, and that’s not on me.”

“Of course not, but you’re probably better suited to converse with your cousin the mountain troll than get into it with someone like me, you backwater lump,” Malfoy snapped, temper flaring— probably unsafely, as he didn’t have near as much grace as Harry managed while under the influence of blinding rage. “I am not making any mistakes. You may be my senior so it would be poor form to outright threaten you, but let’s not forget that threats against one’s person can only be returned in kind.”

“You little piece of-”

“Is something the matter here?” They were thankfully interrupted by Sprout coming up behind them, and all of them immediately snapped into more relaxed posture and expression than they’d had on before. Slytherins were nothing if not good actors, and luckily Harry caught on quick and wiped his expression blank.

“No professor.” Blaise spared the two fighting boys their moment to collect themselves and smiled at her guiltlessly. “Just a little pre-quidditch jitters, I think. Let’s get breakfast everyone,” He put on a but of a show of friendship for the head of Hufflepuff house, who seemed to buy it as he ushered Draco and Montague off towards their table like they hadn’t just been able to hex each other.

“Lead the way,” Harry chimed in with a subdued tone, Sprout flashing him a reassuring grin which he accepted with his own show of warmth that at this point, Blaise had no idea if he could believe or not.

“Good luck then, Mr. Potter, Mr. Montague! Let’s have a good game today!” She called after them as they made their way into the Great Hall.

Montague fled first, making beeline for the Slytherin table and not reacting to the mild scuffle outside.

As he should, the idiot. Making a scene in front of Gryffindor and where anyone could’ve seen that! Blaise was not amused to hiss silently after his retreating back while keeping his expression clear.

The remaining three kept tense and silent as they entered, and Blaise thinking they’d just go their own way to let what had happened settle their nerves some—but Harry had one last surprise for him as he broke the silence with a rather dry tone.

“Draco… not that I’m not supportive and all, but I do have to play a violent game on brooms against him in about two hours.”

The blond gave a small spasm of exasperation that reminded Blaise oddly of a hen as his roommate broke his composed posture to pinch the bridge of his nose tightly.

“Harry, please.”

000

“You disappeared rather quickly.”

“Not all of us are untouchable.” Nott countered, cool as ice and then resuming ignoring him as he always did. The taller boy beside him rolled his eyes and gave up trying to get a rise out of him—you couldn’t only try something so many times without success until you broached the very definition of insanity.

Blaise leaned on the railing in front of him on the quidditch pitch, chin on his hand as he looked out over the as-of-yet empty fields below, waiting for the stands to fill in and the game to begin. They still had some time left, and Nott was present beside him, reading and as ever the stimulating conversationalist as he always was, so Blaise had some time to himself to consider this morning’s events.

Blaise was disappointed, but also a bit unwillingly impressed—which seemed to be his ever-constant state when it came to the infamous Harry Potter. He did so love to see the red head lose his temper, because truly it was a sight to behold, but this morning proved he could read the room well enough to know when to shut his mouth.

Montague was a great oaf for airing Slytherin’s dirty laundry right outside the Great Hall where anyone could’ve heard him, much less with Harry himself standing right there, but Blaise could almost see what Montague had been after. If Harry had attacked him in a fit of rage, he might’ve been banned from the game today which would put Gryffindor’s not so secret weapon out for at least this one game against Slytherin. Additionally, if Harry got involved on Draco’s behalf about internal Slytherin politics, it might’ve made it seem like the Malfoy heir couldn’t stand up for himself in his own house.

And well… maybe he couldn’t, maybe he could, but that was up to Draco to determine. Slytherin was all about sink-or-swim, and the pompous blond may have been growing on him over the past couple months (when his mother found out who he was rooming with she made it abundantly clear that the Malfoy wealth was quite desirable and to keep that in mind for when they both hit puberty so it had been very hard NOT to let the blond a bit closer in planning for that—even if he had less faith than his mother did about his skills in stealing Draco away from the red head currently plague his thoughts), but they still weren’t solid enough allies for Blaise to consider defending or helping him. The Zabinis were untouchable, so he could consort with Potter all he wanted—Draco was the loon or the fool who jumped into that legitimate house-fire of a friendship (not an alliance, not a means to an end, but an honest to gods friendship) without thinking it through.

Blaise had never really done the whole friendship thing other than what he’d been trained to understand of it—meaning how to recognize it, fake it, and manipulate it in those around him as he saw fit. So he knew Draco and Harry were actual friends that had nothing to do with ambitions or goals; in fact most of their planning seemed to be centered around how to be able to be friends without getting crucified for it.

Which, was odd, but Blaise could get into it. If only because it was just so entertaining to watch Draco struggle, and Harry never got boring.

Like this morning. He was always so adamant about doing things his own way and being free… and Blaise was admittedly very impressed he could practice what he preached and let Draco fight his own battles without getting involved like the traditional Gryffindor might’ve, in service of a friend. Seems he had just enough exposure to how Slytherin worked by now to realize that getting involved was the last thing Draco needed right now—in the long term, at least.

And everything they did, was for the long term. They were patient little snakes, after all.

Blaise blinked out of his thoughts as the stands around them picked up in volume, and only a couple seconds later the announcer for the day was booming his voice across the pitch, announcing the teams. Ah, it was starting.

Nott sighed and closed his book, slipping it away reluctantly.

“Who are we playing again?”

“Nott, there is no way you don’t know that.”

“Ugh.”

Blaise rolled his eyes, but joined him in observing the pitch and waving the stupid banner he’d picked up like an obedient housemate he was. It was literally impossible not to be fully aware of this game with Draco as their roommate, but neither he nor Nott were interested in the sport at all. They had obligations though—Blaise was aware that it was an incredibly popular sport and someday he might need to bewitch someone who would be more than willing to be worn down by hours of discussion on their favorite sport, and so paid attention and knew the rules and kept up to date with the games because that was easiest way to assimilate it all. And then he could easily not-lie to his future theoretical target when talking about all the games he’d attended in his past.

Similarly, quidditch was a flashpoint of animosity between them and Gryffindor, and so no Slytherin worth their mettle would sit it out and be the last to know about what kind of dirty plays or vengeance-prompting events might trigger sudden fights between the two houses. Nott was here for mostly that reason, and also because there was strangely a largely disproportionate group of people labeled dark in nature who enjoyed quidditch. The boy remained otherwise out of politics the best he could, but he was still from a dark family and maintaining awareness and connections to those darker members of their house was important—quidditch was the easiest way to do it, even if not that effective. It would only hurt him to openly not be interested in the game, and further isolate himself from his potential future allies, later down his path at Hogwarts.

Nott was lucky the other two dark members of the boys dorm were Crabbe and Goyle—no one faulted him for rooming with the two grey members instead of the two of his own allegiance, because it was kind of understandable to want to avoid living with those two, even if it made alliances a bit tricky. Alliances were important, but mental sanity and the ability to actually study and succeed in school was generally seen as more important to one’s goals, in the long term, so Nott was generally just considered wise for his choice instead of condemned for it.

Malfoy got no such leniency though.

He did however get a little bit of a break on game days though, as there was certainly a group of Slytherins (a large group, to be fair) that put aside everything to cheer on their team like the sports freaks they were. Which was why Draco had not graced them with his presence during today’s game, insulted on principle by how little they cared about his favorite sport and instead choosing to sit in the neighboring stand where the die-hards went to scream themselves hoarse over this farce.

Blaise just waved his banner and made a show of cheering out of obligation, more interested in scanning the crowds of people watching while just keeping tabs on the game for knowledge’s sake.

Damn, he doesn’t look half bad. He found himself thinking as the game began, tuning in enough to spot Potter amongst the flying bees of red and green in the air above them. Not that it was hard—Gryffindor was wearing red and gold robes and still his brilliant very-much-magically red hair seemed to be the only red that mattered in the wide terrain of the air as bodies and brooms and balls went whipping around in every direction.

Blaise did not actually care about this sport, but he knew enough to be dangerous for obvious reasons. And he knew there was a reason Potter had been allowed on the quidditch team a year early, but it really sunk in watching him go now. He was actually very, very talented— even to this Zabini’s untrained, uncaring eye.

But he still booed when the Gryffindor made a good move, and cheered when a bludger came within centimeters from lopping his pretty red head right off. Luckily for his acting skills, the Weasley twins were also terrifying as beaters and managed to tame those loose cannon balls pretty easily. He really shouldn’t be surprised by that, in hindsight.

He was likewise not surprised when he saw Flint grab one of the beaters bats and lunge a bludger at one of the Gryffindors who definitely had not expected that. Blaise had heard that was one of the fifth year’s tactics. While not illegal he believed, it was still kind of filthy—but then again, the Slytherin team were all from outright dark families and if they had Flint as their leading voice there wasn’t really much to do about it.

That was one of the things he really hoped Potter figured out quickly; one of the reasons Draco was struggling so much and why no one of their house would dare lift a finger to help him, first year or not.

Rule number one: house unity was everything.

Slytherin could play politics, backstab each other into oblivion, use, betray, manipulate, and connive all they wanted in house. But the second they had eyes on them, the front of house unity held all control. No matter what happened in house, in front of the school they represented one Slytherin, because they knew they would not last long as individual snakes among an unchecked playground of aggressive lions, sharp eagles, and armored badgers. Any one of them was brutal enough to take on one single snake straying too far from the rest.

One snake could be dealt with. A nest of snakes was infinitely more complicated and poisonous, and that was the way this house worked.

But it left annoying openings in their defenses like troll-blooded oafs like Marcus Flint and Graham Montague amongst others who opened their mouths out of some stupid belief they had the power or right to say things without consent of the whole. If one snake picked a fight with a passing lion, every snake in the area was obligated to back them up—whether they wanted a fight or even liked the Slytherin they were siding with. If they let Gryffindor (or any house, for that matter, but the lions especially) realize they could take down one snake if they separated it from the rest of the nest, it would be open season on all of them in no time. If Gryffindor ever realized the exact amount of dissent amongst Slytherin house, they would strike at those points until they were scattered, and then eventually destroyed. Maybe they wouldn’t consciously know it, but they were fiery in their outright animosity and house rivalry nonsense to not let those opportunities go if Slytherin made it too easy for them.

And that may be a little dramatic, but it wasn’t wrong either.

It was annoying that the loud-mouths of the snake house got to say what they wanted and everyone had to fall in line, at least in front of the rest of the school, for their own necks were on the chopping block if they broke ranks. And Montague was in an annoying position of being a third year, a pure-blood in good status, hadn’t mucked up his is political ambitions since starting at Hogwarts, and on the quidditch team which were thick as thieves and all of strong dark families—which, when combined and given how strong and open their alliance was, no one wanted to mess with. People didn’t like following his lead, but there was really no choice when he opened his mouth in front of Gryffindors and they otherwise had no reason to call him out on it in-house. If they did, it was easier for him to turn them into lion-sympathizers, which no one wanted.

Well, Draco was willing to accept that role, for Harry specifically. And given how much he struggled with their house in light of it, it was all the more reason not to cross Montague if they could help it.

A sharp inhale from beside him caused him to actually pay attention to his surroundings suddenly, and one quick glance at Nott’s wide blue eyes staring directly above him, and Blaise instantly figured out what was going on.

Oh no… Draco’s going to have a heart attack.

000

Let’s not forget that threats against one’s person can only be returned in kind.

Draco’s words from that morning rang though Harry’s ears as he quietly mulled that over. An eye for an eye seemed like a very Slytherin thing, and that statement in particular had sounded like some kind of saying of theirs that he just wasn’t aware of. He kind of liked it though, and shelved it for more thought later.

“Are you listening to me!?” Draco hissed beside him, and Harry made a show of nodding too innocently to be believed.

“Of course I am!”

“Then what was that look for!? What are you thinking!?”

“Ah… pretty sure you don’t want to know.” He admitted, and Draco inflamed farther.

“You almost died. How come you’re not more freaked out about this!?”

It spoke to the young Malfoy’s level of distress that he was saying this at the Slytherin table during dinner, loudly, with not a care in the world who heard him. Given that the whole school had just watched Harry almost fall to his death, they weren’t giving him a hard time about sitting here tonight. In fact in the name of house unity they were ignoring him all together because they’d lost the game today, which meant Gryffindors were not to be considered worth looking at for the time being while the sting to their pride settled down.

Harry was anticipating a very loud night back at Gryffindor tower to celebrate their win, and so took this opportunity of being ignored to have a quieter dinner at the Slytherin table.

Some would say it was almost like gloating, sitting with the house he’d just beaten as if shoving it in their faces. The Slytherin table was willing to give him this one though, because they certainly didn’t want to have to deal with Malfoy’s loud fretting and were content to let the interloper deal with it for now. That way they could ignore both of them with no political ramifications—win-win.

“To be fair, I was more scared of the troll than it turns out I am of heights.” He took a bite of his tart and continued quickly before Draco could jump down his throat again. “And the twins were circling beneath me! If I really fell they’d definitely have caught me—it’d just mean we’d lose which is why I held on so hard.”

“That’s not the point,” he huffed, legitimately upset and Harry felt bad he wasn’t taking this more seriously. He made a mental note to catch up with Neville about this later too—because the quiet Gryffindor and Draco had more in common when it came to their friendship with him than either cared to admit, so if Draco was this openly worried then Neville was definitely just as distressed… and would probably just internalize it rather than bring it up.

“So someone jinxed my broom. There were dozens of teachers in the stands, Dumbledore too, and all of Gryffindor would lose the game willingly then let me fall to my death. I trust the twins with my life especially, so while yes someone did something, I was not going to get hurt from it, Draco.”

The blond met his gaze with wide, distressed grey eyes, before reluctantly seeming to accept that to a point.

“You were holding on by your bad shoulder.” He huffed petulantly instead.

“Now you’re grasping at straws. You know magical medicine fixed that arm a week ago, better than anyone. You only drilled Pomfrey for the details and I know she spent an hour explaining the charm she used.”

He sensed more than saw Blaise’ amusement from across the table, and so did Draco going by the slight pink tint to his ears.

“That was not about your injury that was about charms. I like charms, okay?” He defended himself valiantly, but no one bought it. Well, Harry suspected Draco actually did like charms quite a bit, but still.

“The only real danger was losing the game.” Harry patted him on the arm gently, trying to reassure him.

“Well, and the fact someone was trying to kill you.” Blaise chimed in unhelpfully, and Harry shot him a look that he only smiled blankly back at.

“And that is my point!” Draco exploded again, instantly riled. “Someone tried to kill you and you don’t even care!”

“I do care, it’s just…” He couldn’t really find the words to describe it. It wasn’t like he didn’t care, but he was hyped from his win and in the adrenaline of it all it really had only been one exciting moment in a whole match filled with blood-pumping, adrenaline-filled exciting moments all their own. Almost getting killed like sixteen different times by a bludger, riding a broom like a surfboard, nearly swallowing the snitch…

Forgive him if a jerky broom had only stopped his heart for a moment—the bludgers had nearly given him a heart attack ten times in the first ten minutes of the match alone, so it’d been hard to concentrate.

“Maybe I’ll care more when the adrenaline wears off?” he offered helplessly instead, and Draco slumped into the table in front of him with an equal amount of helplessness that didn’t quite match Harry’s. And it also called attention to the lack of plate in front of him. “And you should really eat something, you know. If you’re going to fret like a hen then at least do it on a full stomach.”

“Are you not curious at all about who could’ve done this!?” He demanded, head snapping up again.

“Weeeeell.” Blaise hummed lightly, not continuing in a way that had them all looking at him expectantly. The attention whore he was soaked it up for a second with a smirk before continuing. “I did see Professor Snape performing some kind of wandless magic during that whole event. Muttering something, not breaking eye contact with Harry the entire time, the whole nine yards. Pure coincidence, I’m sure.” He shrugged, Draco staring at his roommate like he’d grown another head.

Harry tilted his head back though, considering that.

Of all the people who didn’t like him (of which he was sure there were too many to count) Snape surprisingly didn’t jump to the top of his list. I mean, if he really wanted him dead the potions professor wouldn’t have been the one beside McGonagall pulling him from that troll’s fist not two weeks ago—there were many other teachers present and his loud distaste of him in particular would’ve been a good excuse to just let someone else help the crushed student and stand back to watch the scene unfold. Also, if nothing else Snape would be bored in his first-year classes without his resident celebrity to pick on.

“I mean it’s possible, but in a stadium full of people? He’s a potions master, if he wanted me dead I’m sure there are a million cleverer ways the head of Slytherin house could figure to off me. And aside from the thousands of potential potions out there, there’s enough incidents in potions class alone that he could make it look like an accident and blame it on Neville if he really wanted to. He could probably convince Neville it was his fault and have him confess even.” He pointed out, Blaise shrugging like it didn’t matter to him either way.

“Oh my god, my godfather did not try to kill you.” Draco horrified by this turn in the conversation, shooting Blaise a glare before turning to Harry with a betrayed look. “How could you say that?”

“Well he doesn’t like me, clearly. And before you say he wouldn’t kill me because he cares about his godson’s opinion on the matter, to me he only vaguely seems to tolerate children in general really, so frankly I’m only going by your word alone that he actually likes you.”

Blaise snorted a bit ungracefully into his pumpkin juice… and more interestingly, Nott put his book up in front of his face in a motion so quick it was already up by the time Harry’s eyes went to the sudden movement out of the corner of his eye.

Ha, got him.

“Severus isn’t trying to kill you!” Draco insisted more emphatically this time, and Harry rolled his eyes.

“I know that, as I said, but not because of your take on the matter.” And really, since when was the Gryffindor the one with the logical argument while the Slytherin went with his emotions? He shook that odd train of thought off quickly. “Anyway, the broom did settle a bit after the first bout of it acting up, so maybe he was saying a counter-spell or something.”

“Eh,” Blaise was suddenly uninterested now that they weren’t gossiping about Snape, picking at his meal lazily.

“Then who do you think did it?” Draco fretted.

“At this moment, no clue. I mean maybe they didn’t really want me dead, maybe it was just a really, really bad prank. The only people I’d eliminate as possibilities is anyone third year or under as messing with a professional broom is probably not easy, and anyone who was on the pitch at the time, as someone would’ve seen them with their wand out or something. I mean my main suspect would’ve been Montague, but he’s probably not smart enough to wandlessly cast while also riding a broom top speed.”

He pretended not to notice the third years sitting a distance away from them choke on their dinner quietly.

“I’d cross out anyone under sixth year, actually. The Nimbus is top tier in terms of precision and state of the art in safety features, so if the teachers don’t find anything when they inspect it, it means someone was very skilled to interfere with it’s charms and leave no trace.” Draco recited automatically, his quidditch knowledge never failing.

“So an upper year or an adult. So far as students go my top suspects would have to be Slytherin house for obvious reasons, but then again in a stadium full of people is just so damn dramatic and unsubtle I’m honestly starting to consider Gryffindor.”

Blaise grinned wickedly while Draco looked rather ill he was so distraught.

“Can you take this seriously please? Someone tried to kill you.”

“Yes Draco, I’m aware. Not exactly anything I can do about it though, now can I? Also, not even the first near-death experience this school year much less this month. There’s gotta be a limit on how much I can care about before I start going grey.”

“And we can’t have that, now can we.” Blaise smirked, flickering his gaze to the very distinctive locks atop his head that Harry made no effort to pretend he wasn’t very proud of. Vain, even.

“You’re just jealous,” He waved him off with a knife-edged smile.

“That I can’t be seen from the other side of the school? Oh yes, of course I am.” He rolled his eyes lightly. “Maybe your attacker picked you at random, as the easiest target to hit of them all.”

He tilted his head, not really having a comeback for that point.

“You’re not considering that.” Draco looked like he was about to start going grey for all three of them, and Harry patted him on the arm half-heartedly.

“It’s not a worse theory than Snape being the culprit.” He shrugged, and Blaise laughed outright while Draco fumed visibly at this conversation. “In all honesty, just going by house stereotypes, I’m not willing to suspect it might be a Slytherin or a Ravenclaw. Of all the ways someone could off me, in a stadium of people is really not that clever or intelligent. Unless they were sure they could get away with it… and that’s the kind of foolhardy or too-wishful thinking you’d get from a Gryffindor or a Hufflepuff.”

“I guess.” Draco frowned deeply. “But in case you didn’t notice, they did get away with it.”

“But I’m not dead?” he tilted his head in earnest confusion, and Draco’s temple twitched in annoyance.

“No, but no one was caught.”

“Maybe it was just a trial run. Maybe there’ll be something even worse planned for my next quidditch match!”

“Harry dear, take pity on the boy.” Blaise put his chin in his hand, looking far too amused as Draco buried his own face out of sight in defeat.

Sorry Draco, Harry thought unrepentantly as he patted his friend on the back perhaps a bit too harshly to try and cheer him up. But I’ve got enough on my plate, and murder attempts should really be up to adults to deal with. You may think we have to do this ourselves… but I fairly certain we don’t want to know what McGonagall is going to do to them when she finally tracks the bastard down.

000

It was later, when dinner was ending and people were all filing out, Gryffindor’s raucous triumphant chaos migrating back to their tower to celebrate and Harry following a little more slowly given how stiff he was from all the activity that day, that the idea he’d been missing so far hit him like a brick wall.

Blaise and Draco had already left the table, Draco unable to bear the lions’ gloating anymore (nor Harry’s refusal to be more concerned about the attempt on his life) and Blaise hot on his heels to rub salt in his roommate’s wounds gleefully, so the only person left to hear his rather dramatic gasp was Nott, who had stopped only long enough to slip his books back into his bag. And the quiet Slytherin was immediately regretting not being faster as the sudden noise caused him to jump a bit in shock.

“I’ve got it!” Harry gasped loudly, no one left in the vicinity to hear him but Nott who blinked at him in shock and realizing he was a lone audience of one to whatever the heck his classmate was on about.

“…I know you won’t talk to me, but I just had a brilliant idea, Mr. Nott.” Harry started to get a grin on his face, and maybe it was the adrenaline making him crazy, but he couldn’t stop grinning. “This is it… this is how I save Draco from associating with me!”

“…?”

“I’m going to destroy Graham Montague.”

Nott’s eyebrows shot up, and he seemed to immediately realize what he was doing by being captive audience to this. He inched away and quickly followed the remnants of his house filing out of the hall, leaving the crazy Gryffindor he refused to speak to behind him in a very quick retreat.

Harry just sat there, grinning like a madman who’d finally figured out how to take over the world.





Chapter 22: Book 1 : Pride : 22




"Were you planning to teach, Mr. Potter?"

Harry blinked, squinting up from where he was scrawling some hastily written notes on the other side of McGonagall’s desk in response to the conversation they’d been having—him knowing she’d be here because she was always here this time of day and she hadn’t as of yet kicked him out for intruding in her office hours with a never ending river of questions to pester her with. He’d been so focused on working out his plan and getting started, he’d almost forgotten he was actually talking to his teacher, and not the direct source of all Transfiguration knowledge in his world.

He zoned back in, seeing her giving him a rather amused look. It wasn’t condescending exactly, but she usually got that kind of look when he was spouting random questions that she had a cold hard facts she could use to smack him down with, and for some reason they both actually enjoyed that.

Maybe Blaise was right about his loose marbles, or whatever.

"Teach?" He repeated, confused.

"Transfiguration. You clearly have an aptitude for it."

Harry tilted his head at that. Honestly, he hadn’t given his path in life beyond this year that much though. He was only eleven after all, and Slytherin-like or not, even he didn’t plan that far ahead. He mulled it over for a second though in response to her query, finding the answer a lot less difficult than most of his day-to-day issues.

"Nah, not really. I don't think I'm patient enough to be a teacher. Besides, I like Hogwarts but definitely wanted to travel or do something else than be in a castle my whole life."

She seemed mildly surprised by that, but nodded his point. "Were you thinking of still continuing the subject though?"

"Sure, if I find something worth learning about.” He shrugged.

"So did you have any thoughts of what you wanted to be when you grew up?" She was definitely amused at this point, and Harry let her have it, though he wasn’t sure why she cared.

He liked her as one of the solid adults in his life, so he gave it some thought for a second. He imagined Dell and all her adventures… and I mean as heir to a lot of money he didn’t need to work but it might be fun to open a shop or something…

"I think I'll open a shop in Contrair Alley with some weird Transfiguration Odd Solution. Like a clothes shop or a bakery." He mused aloud. "Those things aren't anything alike so I'll have to think on it."

McGonagall blinked at him one, and then shook her head with a warm sigh. “That’s…very unique.”

"I think it'll be fun!" He chirped happily, and she gave him one of her wider smiles as if approving.

Harry imagined it… opening a shop, living his life out like that…

Wait.

Wouldn’t it get boring? It'd be fun for a couple years but… all this work befriending people, only to be outcasted in Contrair Alley? He was famous, he could probably use that… but he didn't want to be in politics or the Ministry, and yet…

According to Draco, Mr. Malfoy had his hand in every pie without being officially anything but a Malfoy. Harry kind of liked that plan but he wasn’t really sure on how to get there. He also really didn’t even know what pies he wanted, going with that analogy.

Okay, new plan: a cloths shop, and then world domination. He would probably keep that second part from McGonagall though.

“Well, whatever it is you pursue in the end, I do hope you’ll keep this passion for Transfiguration with you. I’ve never quite had a student as ardent about this as I once was, and it’s quite refreshing.” Harry blinked at her in surprise, forgetting his notes for a moment to sit up at that admission. He felt… odd.

Like he had something in common with this older woman who really had nothing in common with him except Transfiguration.

And it kind of felt like an echo of what he’d felt when he’d learned he had his mother’s hair.

Huh.

“Keep up the good work, Mr. Potter. I think you have a lot of promise in my class, and you clearly have big plans with it, Odd Solution or not.” She smiled, legitimately that time, and Harry felt himself straighten up almost unwillingly. “If you need any assistance, I am happy to help.”

000

Operation fox would only work if he were up to third year level Transfiguration topics in skill, or at least knowledge, by this coming spring. And he could technically use any subject for this, but Transfiguration was easy for him and with McGonagall willingly, and seemingly out of nowhere, offering her assistance not even realizing what he was actually planning, Harry couldn’t exactly pass up that unexpected gift.

He was also at the point where he could safely say he was probably her favorite student, so this fast-pace of learning was made easier by the fact McGonagall let him knock on her office door almost at any hour of the day she was there and bother her with questions—and what was even better, was that she seemed genuinely happy to entertain him.

(And if he was racking up favors with the twins by ‘distracting’ her with questions at particular times that pranks might be happening elsewhere in the castle, that was no one’s business but his own).

Even being eleven and however-old-she-was, his relationship with McGonagall almost felt like friendship if that made sense. Or at least a comradery over a shared topic, and while she was still his teacher who corrected and guided him when he didn't know what he was talking about, Harry quickly reached the point where he could argue her points or provide a counterargument that she would respectfully entertain instead of dismissing out of hand like most adults did, and either follow the argument through to completion until she won with fact or hard research to prove herself right, or they had to call it a draw until either of them could come up with some proof or resource to back themselves up. She was the only adult Harry knew of that would concede an argument to a child if she didn't have a hard fact to support her claims, nor did she ever get upset by the questioning, doubting, or disproving of her own arguments/statements. She almost treated him like a peer—with Transfiguration at least—and Harry discovered that respect felt pretty damn good.

And thankfully, despite it also being a means to an end, Transfiguration really just fascinated him, so it really didn’t feel like work despite how much effort he was putting into the class. And he wasn’t ashamed to say it was probably mostly in part to the rare, pleased smiles the notoriously strict Professor McGonagall sent him when he was consistently the first person to complete their exercises during class. Dell also seemed to have a heavy interest in it since her journal was almost a third simply writings and musings about how she could transfigure new and interesting clothes from the materials she had (and or stole from her neighbor/arch nemesis’ potion stores out of pettiness). The interesting journals and adventures of his adopted ancestor and the steady, gut-warming praise and validation he was getting from his head of house meant he was all about doing well in the subject and thoroughly pleased when he turned out to be a natural with a lot of studying and a bit of hard work put into it.

He wasn’t too prideful or ignorant enough to not realize that earned validation was a very addictive thing to him after having grown up in the Dursley household where he was seen as only slightly more than a stray dog dropping—and only then because dog droppings couldn’t sweep floors or cook meals. Being patted on the head for a good job should’ve been condescending at face value, but Harry was not too proud to admit he’d willingly write an extra foot on his homework assignments if he got to be the only one in class his strict Professor was gracing with a smile when he turned it in and then received it with perfect “O”s atop every single one. It made him feel good and he saw no reason not to pursue what made him feel good, since he was a simple creature at heart. Besides, he could tell McGonagall wasn’t doing it to manipulate him in the slightest—her praise was earnest in a way it was not when she was talking Quidditch (because she was alarmingly obsessive with the sport and clearly praising him to keep him in top form, so he could clearly tell the difference between her praise because she wanted something and praise because she was a good teacher who approved of her student doing well in her chosen subject). There was something to be said for earnest, non-manipulative praise because of his accomplishment that made him feel all warm and tingly inside and not hollow and annoyed like when someone talked about that ‘Boy Who Lived’ nonsense.

And on another note, McGonagall had also mentioned it was his father’s best subject, and while he found himself looking up to his mother and all the ways he could emulate her, he found having this one small part of himself in common with his father was warming.

It was because of these many reasons he found himself applying Dell’s musings to his homework when he could, reading ahead as far as he could like Hermione at least in this one class and getting into it to the point where he was actually very much enjoying learning more about it. The part he liked best was that McGonagall, for all her strict and no-nonsense personality would suggest otherwise, was very receptive to him writing a full extra page on his homeworks on what ifs. Like, what if you used this principle they were required to write about on this other application? Or what if the theory behind this one concept was actually this instead of that or maybe it was connected to this other thing and wouldn’t that be interesting if they could be combined and you do this or that with it!?

McGonagall was very good at filling his margins and occasionally slipping in a whole other page of comments at the back on his assignments, citing why some things weren’t possible and here’s why, or saying it was a good idea so shelve it until they reached that particular topic later down the line. She also suggested other books and resources that would either disprove or support his ideas and arguments so he could go research it himself and come back with another argument or learn why his ideas weren’t going to be possible after all. He knew all of that wasn’t required by the homework and Hermione kept getting points taken off by writing excessively too-long essays beyond the minimum requirement, but he kept getting “O”s so he figured maybe his content was a little more satisfactory. He was essentially asking to learn more, and then proceeding to actually learn more, whereas Hermione had a habit of regurgitating what she’d read word-for-word or citing an author’s work as the bible truth—and McGonagall had already read probably all the Transfiguration texts at Hogwarts so she didn’t really want to hear it again.

Besides, Harry knew after reading a couple Transfiguration books he’d found in the library back-to-front that some authors were idiots. Just writing a book didn’t make you an expert or even at all right—it only meant the people who’d published it didn’t know enough about the subject to prevent someone from publishing a book of nonsense. He’d disproved three concepts of Transfiguration from one book alone and wrote at least six feet total on the subjects combined before McGonagall had gone to the library and removed the copies of that text from the shelves. He’d earned thirty points for Gryffindor from that—and twenty more from Flitwick when he heard what a Ravenclaw-ish thing one of the lions had done.

Flitwick was visibly disappointed he didn’t have the same interest and passion for Charms, since that was apparently his mother was great at it, but other than getting decent marks in Charms he wasn’t nearly as gung-ho about it as he was with Transfiguration, and barely read the chapter ahead in that class, much less the whole textbook or any additional readings. He wavered between Os and Es there, and honestly the Es far outweighed the Os he got most days—with a sprinkling of As just for flavor. He’d even gotten a rather unfortunate P once too, much to his chagrin. (Draco had noticed immediately, given he seemed to like Charms just as much as he did Potions, so Harry was not going to be repeating that mistake or otherwise be subjected to another hour-long rant about slacking off. He didn’t even really need the lecture to be motivated though, because Blaise’s stupid devious smirk when he heard what Draco was saying was enough to light a fire hot enough inside of him to never give the tall Slytherin this kind of ammo ever again.)

So, given Dell’s example and Draco’s insistence in good studying habits, he started up a journal for each subject—although his Transfiguration one quickly filled as the semester wore on. As his grades continued to hit perfects on every single assignment and test in McGonagall’s class until a rumor of favoritism started spreading (before quickly being stamped out because McGonagall was fair—in all aspects aside from Quidditch at least), he realized he was in a very good position—especially with the Slytherins.

And that would work perfectly for his newly realized operation fox, he gleefully plotted.

Since he realized he was so far ahead he could keep one ear on McGonagall’s lectures and easily work on something else, he took to creating detailed, concise, clearly labeled, fully explained (with citations) notes on the class subject and even added in a few references that might help with whatever homework assignments McGonagall assigned—which was child’s play since he was now intimately aware of the Transfiguration section of the Hogwarts library, and even if he hadn’t read even a fraction of the full selection he at least knew the names of every text relating to year-one level spells and had an idea of what they were about even if he hadn’t read them fully.

A very kind Ravenclaw upper year who was happy to spout their knowledge when he asked about a copying charm later (as well as Draco’s confused help to allow him to perfect the spell several years early), and he now had a serious bargaining chip for people who cared about their grades. Meaning Slytherins and Ravenclaws, once word spread on how convenient his notes were, would sell their first born children to get their hands on such easy Os, and Gryffindors would likely follow the week before midterms when they realized they hadn’t been studying nearly as much as they should’ve been—or you were Hermione Granger and despite being able to recite the textbook from memory still freaked out before every test and quiz as if she hadn’t studied at all. Hufflepuffs would be less interested since they were content to study themselves and not panicked to get top marks like some other students, unless they were fifth years before their OWLs and they didn’t exactly want or need detailed notes on first-year topics when there were bigger fish to fry, so to speak.

Still, he had what he’d wanted two-fold—a bargaining chip with which to get into more Slytherins’ good sides and their information network, and step one for a plan that was starting to unfold brilliantly in his mind.

A plan to make sure Graham Montague never opened his stupid fat mouth about one of Harry’s friends ever again.

He could not help but grin as he finished his latest set of notes. They did always say that success was the best form of vengeance, but personally Harry thought vengeance through success was only truly sweet if your opponent didn’t just miss out on the glory, but failed in comparison too.

And he was very much looking forward to seeing a certain third year Slytherin crashing and burning.

000

It was rare to see the twins alone, but he did manage to track them down looking mighty suspicious hanging out in an empty hallway. He ran up to them eagerly, hoping they’d be in to help—he’d almost forgotten they were third years given how much they hung out these days, but he’d hit a snag in his plan that would really benefit from two professional pranksters who also happen to be in Harry’s target class.

“Fred! George!”

“Wotcher Harry!” One greeted, the other turning and their suspicious posture disappearing. They were probably planning their own prank and deemed him safe enough not to rat them out if he noticed the equally suspicious buckets of colorful something stashed in the alcove they were standing in front of.

“What are you two learning in Transfiguration right now?” He jumped right in without preamble.

“Hm, sounding a bit like Hermione there, Apples.”

“Thinking of curling your hair?”

“Shut up,” He rolled his eyes, amused. “Let’s just say I’m planning my first prank, but I need to be up to speed on at least third year level Transfiguration by Easter.”

Both their eyebrows shot up as if in sync, and then their faces split into wicked grins of glee.

“We’ll spill everything we know,”

“And lend you a textbook if you need it,”

“And if you can actually do it by Easter, then we’ll take one favor from you as payment.”

“Having an ally that’s great at Transfiguration will come in mighty handy one of these days!”

They offered their hands and Harry crossed his arms over his chest to shake them properly, grinning his own wicked smile to match. “Make it two favors and help me set the stage for my prank when the time comes. I think you’ll like the outcome.”

“Hm, you make a mighty tempting deal there, Apples.”

“Tempting indeed… pray, who is the lucky winner of your first prank?”

“Graham Montague.”

The twins exchanged a look between each other that seemed to speak volumes in a silent instant before turning back to him in sync with vicious mirth lighting their brown eyes.

“Done.”

000

Time continued, and in what felt like no time at all the Christmas break was bearing down on them, they just had to survive finals and then they were free for a few blessed weeks. He was only half bummed that none of the Slytherins were staying, but he was also kind of looking forward to at least some time without having to be on his toes constantly with their witty politics constantly being thrown around over his head if he wasn’t careful.

He felt he’d made a lot of progress, not only in operation fox, but also in his side mission to get the school to realize he was Harry Potter, and not some titled Boy Who Lived.

By the time December was here in earnest, and there was enough snow on the ground that the rapidly growing/improving soccer club needed to postpone their activities for now, most people had stopped caring what table he was sitting at during meals as it was abundantly clear that he was going to sit wherever the hell he wanted regardless of what they did or said or acted like. Slytherin got used to it first because he was there most often, and he was apparently had a sharp enough wit that they learned better than to be too blatantly against him sitting at their table—and subtle looks he dutifully ignored so without a better option they just stopped acknowledging him.

He also managed to branch out a bit with a couple of the first year Slytherin girls, as they’d seemed just as wary of him as everyone else at first, if not more confused as first years still learning the proverbial ropes, but they’d been inching closer every day by moving their seating positions until they just so happened to be within earshot of where he sat with Draco, Blaise, and Nott most meals he spent visiting the Slytherin side of the room. It was probably to just eavesdrop on them but at least one of them was openly fascinated and suspicious of him all at once—and with a freeness that reminded Harry of Blaise a bit. She alone didn’t seem threatened, just curious and was almost blatantly watching him interact with the boys of her year level.

Harry didn’t really know what to make of that, as he hadn’t even gotten to know the Gryffindor girls of his year to even know where to start with them. They had a seriously tight girly-girl clique of their own going on and didn't look at a single boy ever so he didn't even try with them, the exception being Hermione who kept to herself, nose buried in a book at all times (Harry really wondered why she wasn't in Ravenclaw sometimes).

On the flipside, Gryffindor seemed to quickly figure out that Malfoy—who rarely but still occasionally deigned to join Harry over at the Gryffindor table in the seldom moment he plucked up enough willingness to try that— was going to be on his best behavior while at their table so as to not upset Harry and therefore let it go without too much hassle.

Ron was a general hassle, but he was usually stuffing his face at meal times and Harry pretended not to understand what he was saying through his full mouth, much to everyone’s amusement, and Ron wasn’t fond of being laughed at so he really just sat elsewhere most days.

Draco remained distinctly uncomfortable while sitting at the lions’ table, but he was perfectly polite and it was clear he did it only for Harry's sake, so the other Gryffindor first years got used to him and they had many a friendly conversation here and there. Draco was just as obsessed with Quidditch as Dean and Seamus were, which made it so they always had at least that to fall back on to prevent it from being too awkward most times.

And Harry was warmed that Draco was trying, even if he was far from subtle about it. It made all the effort he was putting into operation fox worth it all over again, every time he could only smile in helpless happiness by his baby cactus of a friend trying to very awkwardly relate to Gryffindors he very much did not actually want to relate to.

Apart from those two houses, he made a concerted effort to try and get to know Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff too, but the Ravenclaws weren't really into talking about much other than books they read or classes, and Harry could contribute to a point but was quickly out-paced the times he tried to join their study sessions in the library or in their groups they hung out in while they waited for class to begin. They weren't against speaking to him, but if he couldn't contribute to the intellectual conversation going on he was glossed over in the course of the conversation, and it happened a lot. He was earning himself a reputation with Transfiguration, and of course Lu and his year mates seemed to be all in to chatting about things other than academics at times, but it was slower progress with that house than he’d thought it be.

Hufflepuff was easier to get to know, as he'd actually had Hannah and Susan as legitimate friends and they were definitely in the same boat as the Gryffindor girls were so far as gossip and networking went. He learned that Susan was from a well known family that even got Slytherins perking their ears up, and while other houses outside the snake den didn’t put that much emphasis on family reputation, clearly it still meant something to pure and half-bloods, as Susan was probably the de facto leader of the first year Hufflepuffs by the time their first semester ended. Even muggleborns who didn’t quite get the whole bloodline business fell in line to her magnetic, burning personality, and with her very openly happy about the football club and welcoming Harry in every time he came to sit at the Hufflepuff table, he found himself branching out quickly.

It was kind of funny, comparing how hard Slytherin fought within themselves for power and status, yet right next door at their neighboring table was a full table of born followers who all fell in line at the first shining example of a leader that popped up among them. And they were all just so well-meaning and trusting that there was no animosity in it either, which Harry found extremely refreshing if he spent too many meals in a row over at the Slytherin table.

And it was so easy to talk to them, unlike any other house—not even Gryffindor! When he came to talk to Susan or Hannah, the Hufflepuffs around them were not ones to sit out, welcoming him in and jumping right into their conversations. And they really were great at conversation, traversing many topics and listening to his words and then having thoughtful, interactive responses back to show they'd truly been listening. Really, Blaise was damn good at what he did, but he could learn from a Hufflepuff on how to at least pretend to be interested in what someone else was saying.

Not that he’d ever tell that to the tall Slytherin, because he valued his life.

“Excited for Christmas?” He asked, directed towards Neville who shrugged a bit as they walked back from their last class of the day—of the semester actually, so the relief in the air was a bit more palpable than your typical Friday.

The upside was that they were done for now—the down side is that last class had been their potions final, and Harry had called it: that potion he missed from the troll incident had been a feature of the exam. At least a third of the questions related to it, used it as an example, or required background knowledge of it and its uses to get other questions right.

Even Draco had been hard pressed to get around defending Snape for that one, and had settled for mulishly admitting Harry was right for studying it so hard in preparation.

Know thy enemy, and all that. Harry at least had Snape almost figured out by now, so toughest final ever aside, he was feeling pretty good with himself. The Potions professor might’ve been a royal snitch in his behind, but he was predictable in his maliciousness. Predictable people, Harry could definitely handle—he’d only had a lifetime with the Dursleys to get the hang of it. Snape had made it clear he hated him, so if Harry proceeded under the assumption that the snarly teacher would pull out all the stops to get at him, he could plan accordingly and as annoying a hindrance it was, it wasn’t a problem exactly—or, not one he couldn’t deal with as a matter of course.

Neville didn’t look quite as thrilled, still a bit green around the gills from the stress of that last exam and probably worrying himself sick right now about his grandmother getting his marks in a couple weeks.

“I guess.” Neville shrugged a bit, readjusting his bag. “I’ll be happy to see Gran. Uh… for maybe a couple days.” He grimaced, and Harry smiled sympathetically. Neville seemed to have a love/hate thing for his grandmother—he clearly loved her and thought highly of her, all while simultaneously being scared out of his wits of her.

“Well, I wish you luck! Any big plans?”

“Um, no, not really.” His blond head ducked and Harry could tell when to drop a conversation. He wondered what that was about, but it really wasn’t his business.

“Well a quiet break sounds just as nice as anything, right about now. I’ll look forward to you getting back! I hear the whole Weasley clan is staying so I’ll be sharing the room with Ron, ugh. You can’t return fast enough with that prospect in mind.” He complained, and Neville lifted his head again to smile wryly.

“He’s been better lately, right?”

“He has.” Harry allowed, but he wasn’t willing to give the guy too much credit. Avoiding each other was not the same as suddenly being on better terms, just more manageable on a day-to-day basis. “In any case, I know the twins are planning some kind of prank but they won’t tell me who it’s on so I’ve got that to look forward to… or, you know, keep on my toes in case I’m the culprit.”

Neville laughed lightly. “Their pranks are pretty good, I have to admit. I liked the one last month with the bubbles.”

“Oh yeah! And they tasted like popcorn!” He brightened. “I should get them to teach me that spell, but I have a feeling they obtained it in an underhanded way so maybe I don’t want to know.”

“Underhanded popcorn.” Neville deadpanned, and Harry was so taken off guard by the abrupt shift in humor he deteriorated in breathless laughter.

Neville grinned brightly, seeming just as entertained as Harry was to be the cause of his laughter.

Harry leaned over and wrapped an arm around his, picking up their pace back to the tower. “Come on—you have to leave tomorrow so let’s stay up all night playing exploding snap or something! I’ve been stockpiling candy for a special occasion and this is it!”

“I’m not eating candy corn.”

“Candy corn is for Halloween, but just for the record I resent that.”

000

“Scarabaeibus,” Harry concentrated, feeling a little hot under the collar given all the layers he was wearing to protect against the snowy landscape and how hard he’d been pushing himself. His initial concept of ‘it’s magic, so if I imagine it hard enough it’ll definitely happen’ still held true on the most part, but he’d really been underestimating just how much energy magic physically took from you.

The trick, he found, particularly with Transfiguration, was that power only got you so far. You pushed as hard as you could, but when you felt like you were going to pop something in your eye or maybe were just straining a bit too much, the best tactic was to take a big breath and forcibly relax all the tension that had coiled in your muscles subconsciously.

There was a graceful arc to the way magic moved through objects he was transfiguring—a sharp incline of power, but then once you pushed it over that tiny invisible edge, you could relax and simply guide it’s graceful fall with the elegant, precise, finely tuned wand movements they’d been taught. You didn’t simply do it all at once: wand movement, incantation, and magical power were three separate steps that moved together, less like a lock sliding home but more like a dance—or somewhere in the middle of those two things.

The order was not identical for every spell, but once you figured it out you could practice it until it did feel like it was one continuous, instantaneous motion to cast the spell.

Which was that case for this particular spell, and he leaned back in satisfaction as the wide flat rock covered in beetles instantly stilled—the dozen or so that’d been crawling there flopping lifelessly down as shiny black buttons. Beetles and buttons were such tiny things, he though he had a handle on this spell when he could do it once on one beetle, but didn’t consider himself fully in control of it until he could do it multiple times—perhaps even simultaneously like for this application.

He had plenty of beetles to spare, after all.

“Reparifarge,” He slashed his wand with a tiny curve at the end, and all the buttons jumped back to life, beetles flying away in a swarm now that they realized they were being used as test subjects.

He grinned as muffled applause from a little ways away greeting him, giving a dramatic bow for the twins who were squashed together on their own rock to keep their feet out of the snow while they watched him, mittened hands making the applause slightly muted but no less enthusiastic.

“Brilliant, Apples!” Harry randomly decided that one was George, flashing him a grin.

“You even got Reparifarge down too—talk about class!” Fred chimed in eagerly.

“Thank you, thank you, thank you very much,” he ate up the praise, spinning his wand as he walked back over to them. “Although honestly I wouldn’t have made it near this far without you guys. Most of it is thanks to you,”

“No way,” they both crossed their arms in an ‘x’ motion in front of them, heads shaking once in sync.

“We told you what we know, but you’re picking this up way too fast!”

“You’re definitely either a prodigy,”

“Or really motivated to rake Montague over the coals!”

Harry laughed at that, accepting that point. “Maybe both? Transfiguration comes easy to me for some reason.”

“It’s extremely unnatural, how fast you can learn this stuff. Not that it’s a bad thing, but you should know.” Fred pointed out.

“I know those Slytherins of yours like to barter for stuff-”

“-we’ve heard all about some of that political stuff from Dad-”

“-so definitely keep this to yourself if you can. I mean it’s awesome-”

“-but if you don’t like being called a celebrity or the Boy Who Lived, this will not help.”

Harry frowned a bit, giving that some thought. “Is it really that unnatural? I mean some people just have talents I guess. I like Transfiguration and I really have worked hard at this the past semester, so it’s not that strange, right?”

The twins exchanged looks, and Harry could already tell he wouldn’t like the answer.

“We don’t claim to know everything-”

“-but just from what we’ve heard, the latest great genius in a field of magic in Britain was Severus Snape.”

“And doesn’t that leave a bitter taste in your mouth?”

“But even he didn’t break out from how things are taught at Hogwarts until like NEWT level classes. To actually be successfully reading ahead and being able to perform magic above your year level is, generally, just thought to be impossible.”

“Doesn’t mean it isn’t, just that people will definitely think it is if they hear about this.”

“And not just because that’s how it’s done, or whatever. Technically first years shouldn’t have the magical power-”

“-or the skill with it to do anything but their year level spells.”

“First year spells seem kind of random because they’re chosen for eleven-year-olds who only have tiny magical cores starting out.” They explained, and Harry got a sinking feeling.

“So… me doing this is really strange.”

“Really strange.” They nodded as one, giving him sympathetic looks.

“We know you don’t like getting called out for being famous,”

“But if this is common knowledge, I’m thinking most of the school won’t see it as your hard work,”

“-and more because you’re Harry Potter.”

And that rankled him in all the wrong ways. The one thing he hated more than anything was that stupid reputation he had—one he didn’t want and didn’t earn and generally just didn’t like to be reminded of. He was thankful the twins seemed to have picked up on that somewhere along the line and were thoughtful enough to tell him now.

“I guess that means this’ll be between us. And McGonagall probably, as I can’t exactly hide this from her.”

“And Dumbledore.” They reminded him.

“She’s extremely loyal to him. Anything you tell her, he’ll definitely know about.”

“Then again, he knows everything about what happens in the castle anyway. Somehow.”

“Hm.” He huffed, not really sure what to do about that. He couldn’t hide this from McGonagall as she was instrumental in his plan (not to mention his favorite teacher he didn’t want to hide from) but her being in Dumbledore’s pocket didn’t give him any good feelings.

He still hadn’t met the headmaster, but the guy hadn’t really endeared himself to Harry so far. He already knew the old man was a player of his own type of game, given his title of headmaster and a political figure in government, which meant ex-Gryffindor or not, he should probably treat the guy like a Slytherin.

Harry was, after all, a Gryffindor who probably should’ve been in Slytherin. He knew it was possible, and the given evidence, he knew to tread cautiously.

“You know, my glasses guy in Contrair Alley made a joke about Potters not needing to see the broadside of a barn to level it. Do you think its related?”

They dissolved into snickers, hiding behind their mittens for a moment.

“I mean maybe,” Fred grinned. “It could be why you haven’t passed out yet from practicing all morning.”

“So far as being able to control how much power you’re using though, that’s skill you typically just learn from practice. Learning two years’ worth of control in six months can’t be explained away by genetics.” George scoffed, and Harry could only shrug at that.

“But that’s a good joke, we should keep it.” Fred nodded.

“No, don’t do that!” Harry complained. “It wasn’t really that funny the first time!”

They laughed at his expense again, uncaring of his playful pout.

“Are ya done fer now, boys? It’s getting cold!” A booming voice cut them off, Hagrid standing in the doorway of his tiny hut making it look tinier somehow, waving them over. Beetles were abundant in the Greenhouses and around the groundskeeper’s garden, making either the perfect place for some practice—however Hagrid’s place also had the promise of hot chocolate and rock cakes that weren’t too bad when they were still warm from the oven. They were softer, at least.

And Harry had been practicing the softening charm as one of his second year Transfiguration spells to get to, so maybe it’d work on rock cakes?

…he should probably ask McGonagall if it was safe to eat products of transfiguration first.

The three boys ran over to him as he ushered them inside—Fred and George not frequent visitor’s of Hagrid’s hut until recently (they typically avoided it so Hagrid wouldn’t spot them sneaking around the Forbidden Forest) but were quickly learning the joys of gallon sized tea mugs filled with hot chocolate on the exceptionally frosty days of winter break, so they were happy to join in on Harry’s plans of practice and visiting Hagrid this Christmas eve.

“I kinda like ‘avin you ‘ere where I can keep an eye on ya, ya know?” Hagrid chuckled good naturedly as he handed the twins some chocolate, and they could only grin their most innocent smiles back up at him.

And Hagrid was too trusting and rather slow sometimes, but even he wasn’t fooled.

000





Chapter 23: Book 1 : Pride : 23


Chapter Notes

A bit shorter of a chapter for a Christmas special :D





Christmas at Hogwarts was, to be rather cliché, magical.

The giant Christmas trees decked out with every shining bauble imaginable, the candles, the picture-perfect snow, the delicious food that appeared out of nowhere, the scent of pine and old castle making it feel majestic and homey somehow—just all of it.

Harry had not really had a Christmas himself, but he was well aware of the concept. He’d seen the movies they played in school, he got caught up in the holiday spirit like the whole world did even if the Dursleys themselves never really brought it into their home themselves. Oh yes, they had him stringing up lights and wrapping presents and decorating the tree and the house and cooking their holiday meals, but somehow the true spirit of Christmas never actually crossed the threshold of that house—ever.

But this year, it seemed like he’d dropped himself into a fairy tale with how picturesque everything was, and he was living high on life by the time Christmas morning dawned.

The only shadow on the whole thing was that most of his friends weren’t here to share it with him, but when he woke up to see the veritable mountain of stuff at the foot of his bed with all of their names clearly written on top each one, he could only grin and think this was an okay consolation for not having the people themselves here right now.

He woke up ungodly early as always and Ron wouldn’t budge even if he started banging pots and pans over his head so he disregarded his very unconscious roommate as he scrambled up to help himself to his presents, excitement filling him as he dug in.

There was a small, blue-flowered plant potted in a beautiful white teacup from Neville, with a note of instructions for its care and identifying it as a Blue Lace flower, which supposedly gave off a calming effect with its soft blue pollen. A pair of leather flying gloves from Seamus, chocolates from Hannah, a pretty hand-made bookmark from Susan, a crocheted handkerchief with his initials on it with a box of rock-cakes from Hagrid, at least three kilos of various candies from his slightly-less-close but no less friendly connections around Hufflepuff, Gryffindor, and Ravenclaw, and a new book on centering his mind from Hermione (which reminded him he still hadn’t finished that first book she gave him—oops, he really should get around to that). He even had some hair clips, hair ties, yet more candy, stickers, socks, and shoelaces from his soccer club friends, including a rather nice broom-cleaning kit that was from both Dean and Lu.

He found one marked from the Dursleys and made the effort to get up and cross the room to chuck it into the fire place without a second though, rather enjoying the loud whoosh the flames made as they devoured it.

Returning to his bed, as he got deeper into his pile, he was thrilled to see the high-end wrapping paper of dark greens and silver that meant Draco’s lessons in Slytherin politics had paid off and he’d even gotten something from his slithery friends. There was a sleek dark-teal quill with a silver tip from Blaise, and a plain black journal will well-made paper from Nott—clearly they'd colluded and determined on perfectly non-personal but quality gifts to suit their relationship out of politeness rather than real fondness, which was something Draco had explained at length. Gift giving was almost a professional contact sport in Slytherin families—even Nott who had yet to say more than three words to Harry the entire year couldn’t escape the obligation to give something given how often they saw each other, but the non-personal nature of it atop the price tag spoke volumes and would definitely reflect badly on his family if he didn’t come through despite probably very much not wanting to. The Potter family was still a pureblood one, after all, so there was no wiggling out of it.

He was sure there was some kind of code as to what these presents meant, but he’d have to ask Draco later because as of this moment he wasn’t sure he knew, other than that they were proper, impersonal, and expensive (he was assuming Blaise’s quill was worth more than this entire stack of presents combined, if not more, but he could find that out later).

Harry didn't care though that he’d gotten presents from them out of political obligation rather than friendship, he considered it a win that he was on their radar enough to even qualify as needing a gift at all. It was definitely progress.

Draco, on the other hand, had gotten him a rather large, beautifully adorned book on Transfiguration that Harry got a feeling was not available in Hogwarts library considering the many warnings on the front page, and it just sent a thrill of excitement through him as the prospect of getting into this one. He hadn't quite considered what dark arts books would be about, but if there was such things as dark arts Transfiguration texts he was going to need to learn where Draco found this thing and consider taking a look himself.

And he didn’t think he’d be bringing those topics up with McGonagall, any time soon.

He didn't recognize the writing on one of the last the packages in the pile, but upon opening it found a very vibrant dark green sweater with the letter "H" emblazoned on the front in gold, and a care package full of fudge—which he took a quick sample of and it was delicious, by the way. The accompanying card was a very warm greeting from a Mrs. Weasley, which was certainly a fuzzy, sweet thought from a woman he’d never met. The twins must've written home to their mother then, since anything Ron had said about him couldn’t have been all that nice.

And speaking of the twins, with almost everything else opened he almost missed the small envelop at the very bottom with 'F+G' printed on the top—and was very impressed to find a silver necklace inside with two charms on either side of a swirling white and teal crystal no bigger than his pinky nail. One charm was a pink bat, the other an orange bird. Harry couldn't help but grin and immediately slipped it around his neck—the twins were brave to try and get him something to match his outfits, but they'd nailed it so far as he was concerned. He had half a thought that maybe this was pranked somehow, but figured he was in enough of a Christmas spirit to put up with whatever they had planned—chances were that if it were pranked it’d be harmless and/or temporary for the holiday, and he was in for a good laugh at his expense if that was the case.

He was also glad he had put some amount of thought into their presents as well, considering they had clearly done some research themselves. Harry, now knowing how to wiggle out which one of them was which in a short conversation as they were no longer on guard to try and hide that from him, had spent an embarrassing amount of time and effort watching them eat at meals.

The two of them had a habit of piling identical things onto their plates but then shamelessly stealing off each other. It was quick and confusing enough if you didn't know which twin was which, but eventually Harry noticed that they actually did have different preferences, but they covered well by having the same plates and then eating the things their twin didn't like off the other plate and giving the illusion that they'd both just eaten the same thing. For example, he'd seen George steal the spinach off Fred's sandwiches and likewise Fred snatch the tomatoes out of George's salad, and so forth. That was all well and fine but what Harry really cared about the deserts—and he noticed that Fred often went for fruity tarts, gummy candies, or cream puff of sorts while George was all about the chocolate, the exception being that Fred would eat white chocolate while George did not. Therefore, Harry's Christmas gifts hardly broke the bank, but he was certain that fact he'd personalized two separate gifts instead of giving them both the same thing like he got the feeling everyone else did was probably going to win him some points. (George got a box filled with various forms of chocolate, of which there were many, while Fred got an assortment of exotic flavored gummies and white-chocolate crackers).

The very last present was one that only had a small card taped to the top, and when he picked it up it felt like some kind of clothing (Fred and George had been thrill-seekers to get him jewelry, who was insane enough to try and buy him clothes given his very particular wardrobe?).

He picked at the card, which failed to clarify anything, although… whatever it was, it'd been his dad's. It made his heart skip a beat as he clutched it slightly closer instinctively.

Use it well? What is that supposed to mean?

He opened the paper and light, shimmery fabric seemed to spill out of the wrapping like water.

Well it's soft and pretty so whoever sent this had that going for them. Still, it was my Dad's? Seems kind of… floral.

Maybe it was just him, but the dark fabric had shimmery silver accents with odd hues of greens and soft purples that kind of reminded him of old-lady wallpaper; doubly so as it seemed faded and dulled as if it'd been on an old lady's wall for at least three hundred years. Still, he let the fabric fall free and lifted it to get a better look… and vaguely recognized it as a cloak?

Well, his father had no style then, but it was his father's so… he stood up grudgingly and swung it over his shoulders, first noting how… well, ineffective it was as a cloak. It felt like heavy air had settled over his pjs and was neither warm nor cold—it didn't even block airflow so really it was totally useless.

Then he realized his body was invisible.

Okay… what the hell.

He lifted his arm under the fabric and… yeah, nope. Not a thing. There was nothing there.

…make a note: ask Draco about cloaks that turn you invisible. Because… what.

"Well this is bloody useless!" he declared to absolutely no one, Ron not even budging in his snoring as he stalked to the mirror in the wardrobe beside his bed to check himself out and yeah, he was just a floating head. "That's just weird." He told his reflection, his expression clearly agreeing with himself.

Use it well!? What for—to spy on people!? There are so many easier ways to get things done and why the quaffle would I hide my brand-new wardrobe under this darn thing.

…hm, well actually…

He considered it a moment and lifted his arms up… the fabric rustled like silky air and the gap in the middle opened to reveal his body hiding in magical shadows underneath the magical cloak. In the places where it went from invisible shield to revealing the normal fabric on the underside, there were shimmers of faint color that kind of reminded him of the cloth's normal color, but were much brighter as if enhanced by the invisibility-magic letting light reflect off of it somehow.

Getting an idea he ripped it off and laid it out on his bed, grabbing his wand from his bedside table and channeling his inner Dell Monroe. She'd spent no less than six novels worth of paper talking about her Transfiguration adventures with all types of cloth and materials for her seamstress business and Harry was very proud to say he did not suck as Transfiguration at all, so he was reasonably sure this would be fine.

Sorry Dad, but this thing is ugly and it's meant to be worn.

So, with a little excited grin for this new bit of magic he was about to totally make up, he had a go at transfiguring the magical invisible cloth.

He was very surprised by how easy it was actually. Actually, he was super suspicious of how easy it was… it was like the material itself wasn't even material at all, it was pure magic. Magic in cloth form. Actually, magically speaking there was no cloth in this… thing… at all. It was barely a physical object, and really more closely related to what he'd figured ghosts were made of (he'd been very curious and Nearly Headless Nick let him poke and prod to his heart's content in exchange for some Headless Hunt thing—long story, don't ask) which was to say it was still technically present in this world as it could interact with real physical things but it was more pure magic and some odd other thing that Harry didn't yet have an understanding of. It wasn't magic because that had a feel, it was… something else. Like magic's weird estranged cousin or something.

Only this cloak was made of whatever it was that thing is and it was very receptive to magic taking it and shaping it this way and that. Harry didn't even need to know a cutting or hemming charm, it was like taking ahold of a big block of play-dough and doing whatever he wanted with it. Only, he could control it with magic which is to say his imagination, so it was much easier than trying to make a wearable piece of clothing from play-dough and he could essentially think up what he wanted using his Transfiguration mental imaging practice and the material thing just did it without him needing to know any specific spells or incantations to get it done the way he was thinking.

Less afraid he was going to rip up his supposed family heirloom, he went to town morphing it different ways until it suited him a bit better. He kind of liked the idea of a cloak but it being invisible was a real downer—it could have applications but he kind of wanted to wear his father's heirloom so people could actually see it. Which meant it being invisible wasn't going to work and it's normal old-lady pattern wasn't going to fly either—it very much did not match his aesthetic.

But it being made of not-magic, and Harry not understanding what that was or it's limits, gave it a shot and soon found it didn't have to be invisible. It could when it wanted to, but it wasn't at times because if you put down a totally invisible cloak you'd never find it again unless you had a good memory. The shape was easy enough, he smushed it a bit until it was more his length and not just a giant sheet of cloth, and then forced two sides to pinch together and form sleeves, also shortening them until they better fit a small eleven-year-old. He couldn't quite tell if the flap of material on the back was supposed to be a hood or not but he certainly made it one. Satisfied with that, he turned towards the color and was pleasantly un-surprised to find it just as receptive: he lightened the dull hue until it was mostly just that beautiful iridescent silver with rainbow hues tossed in. Honestly it looked like an oil puddle in a parking lot after a rainstorm, but it was somehow beautiful when it shone subtly on gracefully rippling fabric that seemed light as air and gracefully slippery like wisps of smoke.

He grinned, and went about getting ready for the day by taking a shower and fixing up his hair, putting on the outfit he'd planned the night before and getting ready to go down to Christmas breakfast—only then slipping the cloak on, turning to evaluate himself in the mirror. It was much better this way, the new beautiful shimmering colors mixing in with the overlay of silver and the fact it was light as a feather meant it seemed to float around him peacefully now that it wasn't turning him invisible. Given his outfits were loud colors, this was a nice accent as it was a plain-yet-beautiful near-translucent-silver that was not overpowering while having accents of any color to match what outfit he was wearing. It was also less a cloak and more a long overcoat now, sleeves long enough and wide enough at the wrists to flare out some, hanging open to reveal his whole outfit, and dropping low enough to skim the top of the backs of his shoes. So, it gave his muggle outfit a definite wizard-like flair.

Harry created two little loops in the easily-malleable material and created a nice little wand-holster in the flared sleeve, just like Blaise had (he was not jealous, shut up) and then transfigured another little clump of material near the collar into a button. This part he was very good at since buttons and needles were well within a first-year's Transfiguration ability, but as he said he wasn't untalented at the subject so he managed to make the button of the same not-material of the cloak so it'd disappear too when the time came.

Speak of… he buttoned the new overcoat closed, reached up and pulled the excessively large hood over his face, and willed the material of the sleeves and bottom hem to 'un-smoosh'—material filling back in and covering his hands and feet. He looked back in the mirror and… grinned at the blank, Harry-less mirror looking innocently back at him.

Okay, much better now. Merry Christmas Dad.

000

It didn't take Harry long to figure out who'd sent him his father's cloak, because when he walked in to an already-populated breakfast table wearing said invisible cloak very visibly, Dumbledore spat out his pumpkin juice in a spray that had the Weasley twins in absolute hysterics and even McGonagall was asking if the old headmaster was okay with a concerned expression. Even Snape looked like the old coot had finally lost it and he usually had a better poker face than that.

The table they were using was much smaller, given there were only about fifteen people total present including most of the faculty, so it had a much more intimate feel than the normal set up, which suited Harry just fine. He plopped down between the twins and Percy who was just reading over his breakfast and shooting his brothers annoyed looks while they tried not to die from laughing too hard into their breakfast, helping himself to some food while the twins collected themselves.

"Morning Harry!" Fred got out first, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes.

"Merry Christmas!" They chorused as one.

"Merry Christmas Fred, George—everyone." He got a splattering of well wishes back before George leaned into his side with a grin.

"Stunning as always Harry-"

"-love the color, all of the colors-"

"-is that a new necklace?" They both teased and complimented in the way only they had, and he grinned as he lifted his chin to show them.

"Thank you both, it's very nice. I was going to write proper cards as well."

"We're touched!"

"Also no need to be so formal-"

"-you can shower us with gratitude in person if you'd like."

"Speaking of!"

Suddenly he had one red head on either side of him and they gave him loud, wet, dramatic smacks of kisses on his cheeks and he yelped, swatting them away.

"Guys!"

"We love our presents from you too!"

"No one ever gets us different presents you should know!"

"You're our favorite and we're keeping you-"

"-you've even got red hair so you can be a triplet, we don't mind."

"Well I do, so thanks for the offer but I'm good." he rolled his eyes, dramatically scrubbing their kisses away with a cloth napkin and they just grinned at him unrepentantly.

"Offer still stands!"

"I'll let you know if I ever change my mind." He assured them with a laugh. "I have to write a card to your mother anyway. She was kind enough to send me fudge and a sweater… which I see you two got your own of." He nodded to them and they picked at the cozy, clearly handmade sweaters they had on—the "F" and "G" probably on the wrong twin, Harry guessed.

"Ah yes, there's no escaping that, sorry."

"We wrote home about you and she's decided you need mothering."

"Have you met Draco? Yeah, I'm good on the mother hens in my life." He snarked and like that the twins were off their seats in hysterics again. And if Harry wasn't imagining it, he thought he saw Snape choke on his coffee but hid it remarkably well and the professor played it off a second later.

"You don't have to wear the sweater if you don't want to," Percy distracted him, having abandoned the book and overhearing the conversation. "She makes them for all of us and can go overboard."

"No, no, I truly was touched by the thought—I'll write her a letter for sure, because I do like it. It's very cozy." he assured the more level-headed Weasley who just nodded politely. It was awfully sensitive for the often too-stiff prefect to realize that Harry had a defined sense of style that a homemade sweater didn't really fit into, and he appreciated it even when he could tell Percy didn't believe he actually liked the gift. Percy was, after all, not wearing his own although he had just said his mother made them for all of her children.

"Really, I definitely do like it and will totally wear it—with the right outfit is all." He waved off easily. "For today though, I actually got this as a present too. Apparently it belonged to my dad so…" he left that hanging there and Percy's eyes softened, seeming to make the jump easily. A gift from a surrogate mother he'd never met wasn't the same as an heirloom from an actual parent… that he'd never met either. The elder Weasley just nodded and offered him a smile.

"It's nice. Who gave it to you?"

"Some anonymous sender. Apparently they've had it since he died and thought it'd be a nice Christmas gift… returning supposedly my own property or something like that." He rolled his eyes, fully aware he was likely stating this in front of the person who'd sent it and who was undoubtedly eavesdropping hard. Well, that's what he got for being dramatic and coy.

Percy was oblivious to this and unwittingly poured salt in the wound. "Well that's incredibly rude. Even if you grew up with muggles and they couldn't find you for one reason or another, the moment you entered back into the wizarding world they should've forwarded it since it was widely publicized back in September. It's not a gift, it's your own family heirloom, which I find rather insulting if you'll forgive the impertinence!" He frowned, getting uppity in that oh-so-Percy way. Harry grinned widely at him.

"I agree entirely." He shrugged simply, taking another bite of his breakfast and very purposely not looking at the teachers across the wide circular table. "Still, it's nice to have it now. Matches my outfits and is super soft—feel?" He held out his arm and Percy dutifully touched the fabric, surprised.

"It is—magically so. Is it enchanted?"

"Yep. Gonna play around with it a bit I think, but for now the color is awesome, yeah?"

Percy very much did not care about the color, but one thing Harry loved about him was that he was polite to a tee and nodded automatically. "Indeed, it's very fitting."

Good old Percy.

"No offense Apples, but it’s a bit tiny and sparkly for a supposed grown man’s hand-me-down." Fred pointed out, him and George having regained themselves somewhere in their conversation.

"Yeah… it was kind of old-lady-ish so I transfigured it a bit." Dumbledore choked again, this time on a piece of toast and Harry only paused a respectful amount of time to watch the teachers make sure their headmaster was still alive before getting bored with the rest of the students and continued the conversation. "I think the enchantments are the important part and seriously I never met the man but I don't think my dad had much style. I'm pretty sure he'd forgive me fixing it up a bit so I'd actually wear his gift."

Because it was from James Potter—not the nosy old Headmaster who wanted to pretend it was an acceptable Christmas gift to give back 'borrowed' property. As if an old headmaster signaling out students to give gifts to was in any way not creepy or suspicious.

"True that," the twins agreed, before jumping topics to the plans for the day and plans for a snowball fight.

Harry filled himself up with the tasty buffet in front of him, pushing Dumbledore from his mind and ready to follow along with whatever crazy adventure the twins had ready for the happy day.

000





Chapter 24: Book 1 : Pride : 24


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Severus was just… tired.

“Care for a nightcap?”

He only just barely managed not to sigh out loud.

“No, Minerva. Have a good night, Merry Christmas.” He responded dutifully, attempting to leave her in the hallway, the festivities of the day finally over. He hadn’t quite managed to slip under Dumbledore’s radar to avoid the Christmas dinner feast, but at least the food was delicious as always. He wasn’t one for festivities, but he wasn’t a monster who didn’t like well made food so… there was that.

But it didn’t make him any less tired so he wasn’t interested in his colleagues’ pestering.

“Oh come now,” The Transfiguration professor chided him gently, in a much more upbeat tone that normal given the holiday and the drink she’d already been helping herself to at dinner, even if only slightly. “It’s Christmas. Are you really going to leave me alone to deal with Pomona?” Meaning the only adult present who thought it was a good idea to get that close to actually drunk before the students were safely away for the night.

Yeah, sounded just thrilling.

“That is exactly what I’m going to do. Goodnight, Minerva.”

He heard her half amused, half exasperated huff under her breath. “Merry Christmas, Severus.”

Finally free of all these people today, he left her in the dark hallway retreated quickly back to his chambers.

As if the Potter boy didn’t already give him hives, just by existing, he had to make a mess of things almost as if it were his goal in life to destroy everything Severus was just barely maintaining to keep himself sane.

Dumbledore had not been thrilled with the… events of this morning, and of course that meant he’d spent not an insignificant amount of time on Christmas day (not that he celebrated) in the headmaster’s office talking about what it could mean and what went wrong with the boy. The scene from this morning made no sense since, by Albus’ calculations, the boy was a meek-mannered, polite child who wanted to please.

Severus returned to his chambers, locked the door and silenced the room.

Only then did he let out a slightly hysterical, derisive laugh at the headmaster’s expense. Was the old coot blind? Some great wizard he was, he had definitely lost his touch somewhere along the line if he didn’t realize he’d bought into his own fabrication of the Boy Who Lived, and not the actual boy himself.

Mild-mannered my ass. Severus scowled darkly as he stalked to his liquor stash and pulled out his own nightcap, rubbing his temples tiredly. He’s only eager to please Minerva, and she’s playing right into it. At this point I honestly don’t know if it’s because he’s after something, or he legitimately liked her. The original Potter bastard liked her best too, so it wouldn’t be new.

Severus did not know what was so special about that cloak, as he’d never seen James Potter wear it, but going from Dumbledore’s reaction it was a special thing indeed. And apparently enchanted, and a family heirloom that was clearly not widely broadcasted as Severus had no idea what it was. And if James Potter had a powerful object as a family heirloom, then he would definitely have used it against him for a prank or something similarly terrible at least once in high school. Or he had and Severus had just never known about it—which meant even the loud blabber-mouth that was James Potter had managed to keep something secret for once in his life.

Which would explain why Dumbledore was so taken aback that the mini-Potter hadn’t even waited an hour before showing it off to literally everyone. Snape wasn’t so shocked—he was his father’s child and had to flaunt, to brag, to show off like the pompous brat they both were.

But…

I never met the man but I don't think my dad had much style.

He was just… so… flippant! His parents (his mother) were dead and that damned eleven-year-old brat had the audacity to just casually throw out there statements like that! No he’d… he’d never met either of his parents so he wouldn’t know what James Potter or Lily Evans might’ve said in reaction to whatever it was Dumbledore was so concerned about, and occasionally Severus liked to fool himself into thinking he might know what Lily would say but…but hell he’d never even considered what James fucking Potter would possibly do when confronted by his son.

By Harry.

Harry, who was being fretted over by Severus own god son (and Jesus Christ he always thought Draco took after his father but these past months he was seeing so much Narcissa it kind of terrified him) who wore these obscene clothes no muggle would even be caught dead in, starting muggle sports clubs and sitting at the Slytherin table for every other meal…

As a point, Severus did not care what James Potter would think about his son sitting at the Slytherin breakfast table. But… he couldn’t help but imagine it for a brief moment here and there and was… conflicted, about what his assumptions were telling him. Potter had hated Slytherins almost as much as Black did, and the two fed into each other’s hatred and school rivalries until it was positively evil—even said as someone who willingly took the Dark Lord’s mark and actively served him both legitimately and as a spy for years. Many Death Eaters had nothing on the kind of legitimate animosity Severus had felt from some Gryffindors when the house rivalry shit had gotten particularly bad during his school days.

Maybe it was exacerbated in his memories, as he’d been a child then. He was an adult when he dealt with the Dark Lord and his followers, but in school he’d been a child who’d been against not only his own house, but a wrathful pack of senseless, vicious lions with no teacher willing to back a slimy snake from harm.

In retrospect, Minerva had always been an extremely fair teacher, and still was to this day. But Severus had never wanted fairness or justice from his bullies—he’d wanted vengeance. He wanted to make them hurt like he hurt, and no teacher would ever torture a student just because they’d done it to someone else. They would give them detention and Potter would accept it since he was in detention every single fucking day anyway for some reason or another, but he never for a second was actually ever punished enough to regret what he’d done—to Severus or any other Slytherin.

Teachers had been fair, but that didn’t fix anything in the end. Not really.

He took a long draw from his drink and slumped into his favorite armchair, the fire already alight and warming the room thanks to the house elves. He took a couple seconds to breathe, trying to sort his thoughts out.

The things he knew:

First, he hated James Potter.

Secondly… he missed Lily, and her son was constantly flooding his days with flashes of bright hair and keen eyes that made it nearly impossible to forget that he really, really missed her. There’s been full years he’d almost forgotten she was gone, because he could just push it away and focus on the day to day—but with her child in the same building as him, large as this castle was, it was impossible to ever forget for a second that he was still not over missing her, and perhaps hadn’t even finished mourning her even. His day to day was not just filled with reminders of her, and he was…

…he was so tired.

Thirdly, Harry Potter was not anything like Dumbledore had assumed he was, but for some reason the old man refused to actually look at the boy and figure it out. Severus had tried to mention it in several ways, but got brushed off like a child as Albus clearly considered anything that came out of his mouth to be biased rhetoric about James Potter’s son.

Which, okay fair.

But this time he honestly wasn’t spouting bias, the boy truly was odd.

He didn’t seem to mourn himself being an orphan, but he certainly did not like his relatives if what he’d gathered from Draco was true (and he’d met Petunia, so he didn’t need to even dig that hard to guess that one). He liked Draco as a close friend but would hold him at arms reach if need be. He was interested in and clearly understood pureblood dealings but was fully okay with starting muggle sports clubs. He was a Gryffindor who’d escaped outright violence for blatantly sitting at the Slytherin table. He was a Gryffindor who was somehow on speaking terms with a Zabini.

Severus took another drink.

Fourthly… Severus’ cover of hating the boy was going… well, he supposed? But that wasn’t supposed to be a question, he’d made a thousand Gryffindor’s fear him and his wrath as Slytherin head, but for some reason even his best and most blatant attempt to make it abundantly clear that he hated the Potter brat didn’t seem to actually be doing anything.

And with the boy in question sitting with Draco or Zabini during Potions class, it was almost as if the boy just didn’t hear him when he was singling out other Gryffindors in the room—and if he did, he did not care enough to stick up for his house mates in any way. He didn’t seem to react or care when Severus went after him personally, but then felt no obligation to defend any of his fellow Gryffindors when they were on the chopping block around him.

And that was a positively Slytherin attitude to have that really took the Potions master off guard. He’d spent years perfecting the art of tricking a Gryffindor into lashing out by jumping to someone else’s defense like they so gallantly tended to do, giving them as many detentions or extra assignments as he wanted for talking back or even worse. He had had some upper years even throw spells at him, but since it was all part of the plan he simply defended and failed them outright—not even Minerva argued that, with the added bonus of her usually siding with him and scolding her lions within an inch of their life for attacking a teacher.

Slytherins were the ones who kept to themselves and gleefully let those around them sink or swim depending on how well that individual traversed the dreadful waters of the world. Gryffindors were supposed to act first, think later—and usually they were thinking with their foolhardy hearts, which only made them so easy to manipulate.

The Potter brat acting like a Slytherin in his own classroom really threw a wrench in his plans, though.

Annoyingly enough, sitting with Draco even protected him from getting failed for classwork as Draco’s potions were immaculate and always had been—and the small snake knew better and was careful to make extra bottles of their potions just in case something happened to it (or more importantly Harry’s) if it got lost before being graded. He couldn’t truly argue he needed two bottles for each of them and give them different grades—the potion was from the same cauldron and he wasn’t that bad at being a Slytherin that he needed to actively stoop to that level.

And to top it all off, he was more than a little annoyed that his simple ploy of featuring the final exam around the potion the boy has missed because of the damned troll hadn’t just not worked, but backfired.

Because he’d watched the boy carefully as he turned over his test paper, and the brat had the audacity to smile.

Smugly too, like he’d known.

Which meant clearly he had known, and Severus was not about to be outwitted by an eleven-year-old Gryffindor.

Even if… he was forced to admit…

…he took another drink.

Even I can’t deny this brat should’ve been in Slytherin. Severus winced as the thought finally formed—the one he’d been avoiding thinking of for weeks now.

Imagine that. James Potter’s son was probably more Slytherin than a good handful of actual Slytherin in the snake house right now. For some reason the rich, vindictive irony of that statement didn’t feel nearly as good as it should’ve—it was overshadowed by the deep, bitter melancholy that Lily’s son should’ve been in Slytherin.

Lily should’ve been in Slytherin.

Severus needed to pour himself another round just to get through the clouded thoughts that senseless wish assaulted him with. Of all that could’ve—should’ve—be different if Lily Evans had just been sorted into Slytherin all those years ago. James Potter never would’ve looked at her again in his irrational hatred of the snake house, and Lily would’ve understood from the very beginning why he’d had to distance himself from her at least for appearances sake, why he had to play all those games he’d always known she’d hated.

The alcohol had fully taken effect at this point as he rubbed the side of his head meticulously, settling down from these thoughts that were in no way new, and frankly he was a bit tired of going over them yet again for what felt like the fortieth time this semester alone. There had to be a limit to how many times he could get properly riled up and distressed over the same old thing, but as of yet he didn’t know if he was even close to that limit. He could spend the next six and a half years of this boy’s tenure at Hogwarts routinely draining his liquor stash like clockwork in some horrific, endless cycle.

And if that thought didn’t make him want to curl up in bed and never wake up again, he didn’t know what would.

He downed his next drink in one go, really ready to be done with this whole year by now.

He could at least switch his focus onto Quirrell, as a slightly less annoying hindrance in his life (and one he almost welcomed addressing, given the alternative). The stuttering Defense teacher was useless and smelled horrible, but he’d been acting off since he came back from Albania and Dumbledore’s orders of ‘watch him’ left a lot open to interpretation. He knew someone was after the Philosopher’s stone, as someone had tried to get past the Cerberus on Halloween night (that damned dog bit him and the oaf of a groundskeeper had the audacity to say the beast didn’t mean it!?) although he didn’t know who, and then no less than two weeks later someone had tried to knock the Potter brat from his broom.

The boy had been in no real danger as literally all the teachers had been there, and Snape wasn’t the only one saying a counter-curse or two. And he’d seen half the Gryffindor players hovering beneath him, ready to catch if need be, so he wasn’t concerned exactly… but that jinx was definitely not from a student.

In fact, he was only half sure most of the teachers at this school could do something of that level, and delicacy. It was a brief event, so he hadn’t had time to really understand what the jinx itself was, but it did not feel like it was something from the Hogwarts library. Severus knew enough of the dark arts to know that spell had been tricky in a way only the most annoyingly brutal dark spells could be. Still easily reversible as professional brooms were far too well protected to be damaged long, but still.

Severus half thought the intent was to cause the boy to drop as a distraction while they went after the stone again, but the wards he’d set up around the Cerberus’ room after Halloween remained undisturbed the entire time. And even if that was a trial run for another attempt later, Filius had taken to putting up a rather potent ward around the Quidditch pitch before every game, just to prevent any pesky jinxes from doing a repeat of the incident. The ward, combined with how fast the players moved, and how well protected the brooms were charmed to be, meant not even Dumbledore would get away with interfering again without tipping his hand.

Still. It wasn’t like he didn’t know someone was after it—Albus had removed it from Gringotts mere days before a break in where nothing was stolen, asked the teachers to create obstacles to protect it (which, just why? Couldn’t he do it himself?), and someone had made an attempt on Halloween. Clearly Dumbledore knew more than he was letting on, as always, and Severus just had to do as he was told and catch up.

The extremely vague and ominous ‘keep an eye on Quirrell’ he got at the start of this year gave him a big clue though.

He just couldn’t figure out why. Did Quirrell honestly think he’d actually get the stone, given everything? And the fact he specialized in trolls and a troll got out—

—oh for god’s sake it was probably too much for him tonight. He’d had too much to drink and his nerves were already in shambles. He stood and moved off deeper into his chambers to call it a night, deciding this was definitely a problem for tomorrow.

He maintained that he did not like James Potter’s son, however… Quirrell was a fucking idiot if he thought he’d get the stone acting so god damned obvious about it, and Dumbledore might not want to get involved for whatever stupid manipulative reason, but the stuttering idiot had let a troll loose in the castle and it’d almost killed Lily’s son.

Severus needed an outlet and Quirrell had unknowingly volunteered.

000

Well, this is not nearly as helpful as I thought it’d be.

Harry pouted to no one as he trailed carefully through the restricted section of the Hogwarts library at what was very well after curfew one night. While he had found a book with a ghost in it that’d scared the living daylights out of him, all the Transfiguration texts he’d found were still well above his skill level for now—he’d had half a thought that reading far enough ahead would somehow help him, but even he wasn’t foolish enough to involve this stuff in his plans. He needed McGonagall to be a witness to his skill after all, and if he unveiled skills she knew were in the restricted section that she hadn’t given him permission to enter, he wouldn’t be in an opportune spot anymore.

Turns out the cloak that turned him invisible did have a pretty solid use, when he’d had the passing thought of seeing what the restricted section was all about when Ron’s snores had kept him up too late this evening, and he was also regretting not getting the kitchens location from the twins already because that would be another target he could’ve hit with this new magical heirloom of his.

Resigned that he was probably done snooping for the night and not particularly interested in risking getting a detention when he needed to be McGonagall’s golden child this year, he quickly vacated the library—slipping by Filch muttering disturbingly enthusiastic things about torturing students and Mrs. Norris, who seemed fully aware he was there under his cloak and just watched him silently tip-toe by with wide, reflective eyes. Good thing cats who were not McGonagall couldn’t talk.

He had to remind himself not to hum as he wandered the dark halls of the empty castle, even the paintings snoring gently in their frames and not a ghost or poltergeist in sight. Christmas had been lovely, but true to his suspicions the Weasley twins were a whirlwind and a half so he was rather looking forward to the last week or so of break where he could do nothing but laze about and take his time exploring, as well as reading whatever he wanted. Transfiguration work didn’t feel like work but even he got bored sometimes, so he’d spent the day kicking around a football in the very empty hallways, combing through Dell’s journals just for his own amusement, and playing around with all the new magic he knew.

He liked magic, in a way he knew he would never really show in front of a Slytherin, or even just a pureblood he guessed. Four months he’d been living in the wizarding world now, but the fact he could wave a bit of wood in his hand and things would spring to life around him was… well, magical. Breathtaking and exhilarating, whimsical. He felt like a little kid (although, he supposed he still was one, technically, but you get the point) in jumping around the Gryffindor common room with no one around to see him get silly excited that he could do magic.

Honestly, he understood Hermione’s enthusiasm to a point. Why wouldn’t you want to spend every minute of your day drowning in magic? It was cool! And yeah, it was a lot harder than one would think it’d be at first, but Harry was not untalented apparently and even though he was no prodigy in other subjects apart from Transfiguration, he knew a couple charms and had several books on magical creatures that were closer to fairy tales than textbooks, so he had a feeling he would absolutely never get bored of this place, even while he was entertaining his own time alone for now.

This wasn’t lonely in any way shape or form. He was alone, but he found it oddly peaceful and freeing to just amuse himself however he wanted for a while, and Hogwarts was just filled with such amusing things that he never wanted for a distraction.

It also gave him time to think over a lot of the things he’d been shelving in the face of his busy every-day life as a wizarding student.

He had a plan for what to do about Draco and Montague, which was a lovely distraction but the plan was all but fleshed out now and he really just needed to keep plodding along with his Transfiguration work and wait patiently until at least after Easter. Plotting the third year Slytherin’s demise was a lot of fun, but now that he had his answer he was free to consider other things.

Like… Dumbledore.

No, I don’t want to think about him right now. There’s not much I can say about him, is there? He frowned to himself, unseen in the darkness and the enchanted invisibility swaddling him. Something about him gets my instincts up, but he’s done nothing outright wrong except being a bit nosy and self-centered. Giving back my dad’s cloak as a Christmas present is just flat out rude, letting Hagrid keep a Cerberus on a third floor is ridiculously unsafe, and the fact he’s a headmaster and a politician is just filthy with suspicion. I’m not sure what exactly about it bugs me, but it does.

He shook it off, not really wanting to spoil his mood with yet another problem he had no answer for. Currently the best tactic was to just avoid him if possible, and that should be easy. Why would the headmaster want to corner him for any reason, after all?

Except… if his plan with McGonagall worked, he would definitely be on Dumbledore’s radar then, so there really wasn’t any avoiding it. After the troll incident Harry knew the old man fully believed the Boy Who Lived hype, and if he didn’t get the message on Christmas morning, he probably still did. Wizards were kind of gossip freaks who believed any rumor like fact until otherwise proven wrong, so Harry could probably bank on his show with the cloak not having that much impact on how the professor saw him. And then, like Fred and George had said, he’d likely attribute his prodigy-like skill to the fact he was the Boy Who Lived.

Which… you know…fine.

Harry slumped a bit in defeat, finally just giving in. If Dumbledore wanted to see him as some famous celebrity, then he could do that. Just like with Snape—if he knew how they perceived him, and he could control how they perceived him, then he would always have the upper hand as they would never be able to guess his true motives or plans.

He wasn’t sure what he’d need the upper hand for against the Headmaster in the future, but if he’d learned anything from Blaise it was that there was never a moment when he should waste an opportunity to mislead someone. Particularly not someone who had something you wanted—and he didn’t know what Dumbledore had, but the man was old, probably well educated, well-connected, and in several insanely powerful positions in the wizarding world. There had to be some benefit to having a guy like that willing to listen to you.

Still, the concept of playing into his undeserved, ridiculous fame irritated him beyond belief and he yet again reminded himself that he should finish that book on anger management Hermione gave him. That reading definitely felt like work, but all evidence thus far said he probably needed that bit of information the most right now. Besides, the chapter he’d left off on had breathing and mental imaging exercises to try which were said to help with memory retention too, and he liked the sound of that—not only of the memory aid but the doing something instead of just reading about it.

With that problem crossed off his mental to-do list, Harry moved on to his next one—which he’d also been avoiding on the most part because it tied into the one thing he… really wasn’t ready to face just yet.

He’d been pretty lazy about corresponding with Axeclaw since they’d met over the summer, but he had at least been getting his bank statements now that they’d fixed his mail wards (although where the original mail had been directed was still as of yet unknown, but they were working on it diligently, he was told), and the goblin account manager was pleased to give him full updates on his portfolio and field questions on the ever-continued donations he was getting from people who willed stuff to him. Apparently they’d also gone about liquidating all the clothes and furniture he hadn’t wanted and added that into his spending money, and while he still didn’t know a ton about finances, he knew he was a very rich child who wouldn’t really have to think about money ever.

Which, was a nice thought to have.

What wasn’t so nice was the deflected answers he’d gotten from Axeclaw while trying to learn about his Slytherin friends’ families since they all liked to tout their wealth so much, and he got the impression that while he was a very rich child, Slytherin families were in a whole other league of their own.

He’d even gotten a mini-run down on what he might expect from… well, a certain inheritance given it was connected to Narcissa Malfoy, Draco’s mom. Let’s just say he’d known his cactus of a friend was rich, but even he couldn’t wrap his eleven-year-old mind around how snitching rich the Malfoys actually were. It seemed rather ridiculous, actually, but certainly explained a lot about Draco.

It also explained why Draco, who was no older than him, somehow had a huge repertoire of financial terms in his brain and actually knew what he was talking about when Harry had probed him casually about things like assets and investments. He did not show any of his financial papers to any Slytherin, not even Draco who he liked, because that seemed like a terrible idea, but Draco was quick enough to know he was trying to educate himself on his bloodline situation and was very supportive of it. With his explanations Harry at least knew that Axeclaw was doing good things with his freedom of Harry’s money, and while yes Gringotts was getting a hefty cut, it was not in anyway unreasonable either.

Goblins were brutal as hell, but they were pretty gosh darn fair and Harry liked that about them.

He hadn’t been very interested in his financial situation as there was really no need to be concerned about it, but from the amount of gloating Blaise and Draco had with each other about their family’s connections and wealth, Harry knew it was probably important to spend more time on it—even if it bored the life out of him. His half-formed plan he’d given to McGonagall of opening a clothes shop and then (silently) taking over the world would only be helped if he had some kind of Slytherin-like wealth to aide him and from his mild understanding he was well on his way to getting there if he didn’t ignore it outright.

So, with several letters exchanged with Axeclaw, the goblin agreed a good way to get his feet wet in the art of money making money, would be to pick an investment of his own and they would discuss the benefits of who, what, and how much the investment would go towards. The first thing Harry had thought of was Osmias’ Optical Solutions—he liked Contrair Alley and Osmias was a funny guy even if he was a bit rude, and the fact he’d had a solution for ‘Potter eyes’ when there’d previously been no known magical solution for that was not exactly unimpressive. It showed ingenuity, and he’d found his contacts with added sun-glare protection had become extremely helpful while playing Quidditch—heck, even the heat-protection had spared him from one of the twins’ more aggressive pranks involving coughing powder! On the daily, he rarely even remembered he had contacts on they were so unobtrusive, giving him the full experience of having 20-20 vision for the first time ever, which he’d quickly gotten used to (and learned to like a lot).

He planned one day to open his shop most likely in Contrair, and if he had a hand in all of his neighbors’ workings, well… all the better, right?

Axeclaw didn’t seem to care about Osmias’ Optical Solutions in any way but had added it to his portfolio dutifully. He had rejected the amount Harry had wanted to spend on the place though, and done his own thing which, seemed kind of flippant, but then again Harry was an eleven-year-old wizard who didn’t know magic existed half a year ago and Axeclaw had been protecting his family’s money for significantly longer than he’d been alive so he could probably let it go.

But then… that line of thinking brought him to the one thing he’d been avoiding. Except he hadn’t really been avoiding it because being alone on Christmas, while he was fine with it, had reminded him that all his friends had family to go home to.

And he didn’t.

Except, he had the Dursleys who were relatives, NOT family… and…

And apparently he also had a godfather.

Who was in prison.

For betraying his parents.

He winced, letting his feet walk him randomly through Hogwarts dark halls for a while, trying to remember those breathing techniques to calm his temperament as he tried to entertain this line of thinking he’d been avoiding since September.

Draco knew not a lot, unfortunately, and while he offered to write to his parents to see what they knew, Harry didn’t exactly want them involved just yet. He was more familiar with the concept of the Malfoy family heads being some seriously intimidating, powerful people and while Draco just saw them as mom and dad, they were not exactly people Harry wanted knowing all about his business more than they already did. He was close to their son, so he knew he was on their radar and he didn’t know how to handle that so he would hold off on addressing it for now.

The best plan would be to ask Draco to get the information from his parents about what happened to Sirius Black in person over break sometime, when he could be far more delicate and subtle about it. Like say just asking over breakfast because he was curious, and not because Harry himself was dying to know. And Draco was spoiled rotten: if his parents knew and Draco asked, he would get it.

But… Harry had chickened out and hadn’t asked him to do such a thing over this particular Christmas break. Maybe Easter… or even the summer.

Even though Harry felt a little sick at the realization if he didn’t figure this out quickly, he’d be back at Private Drive come June. Hell, the answer he was looking for about Sirius Black might reveal nothing to help him in the end and he’d still be back at Private Drive.

And then he’d have gotten his hopes up for nothing.

But it was just so hard to not get his hopes up, when the tiny pieces he had were so… well, inconclusive. All Draco knew was that Sirius Black was his mom’s cousin, and had been put into Azkaban without a trial because he killed another wizard and a bunch of muggles. When asked if he, as a guy from a previously dark family, knew if Sirius Black was actually a dark guy, Draco had only seemed surprised at the question and admitted he had no idea.

Which, while frustrating, made sense. He’d never cared to know about such things before, so even if his parents had ever talked about it, he probably hadn’t listened or cared to retain the information.

And Axeclaw’s attitude on his questions about it really got his interest up, because the goblin had been nothing but fair and cold in everything they talked about, and his only response he ever gave when asked what crimes Sirius Black had committed was that Sirius Black never got a trial.

Wizards were gossip whores and prejudiced, traditional and gullible.

Goblins were fair.

There’d been no trial, so they would not comment on what crimes a man had committed without there being an official crime charged to him.

And you know, Harry liked that line of thinking. It was logical and just—and yes he was extremely biased as there was the chance he had an actual family connection out there that wasn’t dead and wasn’t confirmed evil and… well, honestly what were the chances he was worse than the Dursleys?

It came back to the unfortunate fact that he wasn’t confirmed evil. Killing a bunch of muggles didn’t sound very promising he had to admit, but he was also technically an un-charged man sitting in jail right now. That didn’t sound great either. Something was just off about the whole situation and Harry was caught evenly between the desire to get an answer from someone right now… and also perhaps being a little afraid to face whatever truth he found.

Draco had told him about Azkaban. Even Blaise hadn’t made a joke about it, and Neville had looked like he was going to throw up when he’d tried bringing it up with him—hell, even Nott had glanced up from his reading to give him a sharp look about it as if silently warning him not to bring that up casually at the Slytherin table.

When Harry finally figured out how many Slytherin family parents were probably in that prison these days, maybe Nott wasn’t even being kind in silently warning him—maybe he’d just been angry.

Harry knew that even if magically his estranged godfather was totally innocent and cleared of all charges, there was still a huge chance he wouldn’t be allowed to take him in as a guardian, and even if he could… would he?

He didn’t know what a dementor really was, but he knew it didn’t sound good. It didn’t sound like the man who’d walk out of there would be happy and sane and strong enough to take on a first year Hogwarts student as a responsibility, even if Harry could pretty much fend for himself.

I just need someone to be a legal guardian that’s not a Dursley.

Except, he thought wryly to himself, that wasn’t all true, was it? That was the Slytherin answer: that he just wanted a legal guardian.

The Gryffindor answer was that he wanted a godfather who’d actually be his godfather.

And it was a long shot that Sirius Black would actually ever be free enough to be his legal guardian, but there was almost no chance this stranger who’d been beaten by ten years in literal hell would actually be his godfather too. That a man who’d essentially been tortured would actually want him, as either a responsibility or as family.

The man probably didn’t even know him.

Lower your expectations, he scolded himself angrily… and maybe a bit sadly. There is no good answer here. Rip the band-aid off and find out the truth already, and don’t get upset when it doesn’t work out. I can work with six more summers of Dursleys—it’ll suck, but that was the plan. That is the plan.

He hadn’t been paying attention to where he’d been walking for the last hour at least, and as he shoved the tapestry in front of him open in his frustration at his current thoughts, it only occurred to him belatedly that he should really have more caution in banging around the castle while he was invisible and technically trying to be sneaky.

“…think you should watch your step, Quirrell.”

“W-w-what- a-a-a-re-”

“Don’t play dumb with me.”

Harry froze, slipping a step back towards the tapestry he’d just come through before remembering not to touch and that he was invisible—cursing silently when he realized in an almost abandoned castle he still managed to run into someone. And he’d been so caught up in himself he hadn’t even realized it until he was essentially on top of them.

The them in question being a rather odd scene to see this late at night when Harry realized Professor Snape had Professor Quirrell backed into a corner of some of the stone pillars that lines the hallways, and the Defense professor looked terrified as always. Snape looked equal parts pissed and amused to be in his natural bully state.

“I’m n-n-n-n-ot s-s-ure wh-what y-y-you’re-?”

Snape rolled his eyes. “You showed your hand too quickly, fool. Do you really think you can get the stone? What would you even want with it that would be worth risking such stupid attempts for?” The Defense professor tried—and failed—to defend himself but Snape just cut him off sharply. “And to be clear: even if Dumbledore in his infinite wisdom may spare you should you harm another student bumbling about as you are like the desperate lunatic you clearly are, I will not.”

This is SO FAR into the realm of NOT MY BUSINESS I’m on Mars.

Harry was sweating actively as he tip-toed as fast as he could the opposite direction from whatever was happening here, really trying to forget he heard that as their hissing disappeared behind him. Whatever it was about, it sounded serious as hell and also if professors were threatening each other’s lives, then this school was even worse in professionalism than he’d thought it was.

And given Hooch was the actual devil, Snape and Binns’ teaching style sabotaging students left and right, Filch actively campaigning to hang students by their thumbs in the dungeons, McGonagall buying a student a professional broom out of sheer bias, and Dumbledore clearly knowing stuff was going on and deciding to never get involved, Harry didn’t exactly have a high opinion of Hogwarts’ professionalism in the first place.

This kind of took the cake though.

Although, at least it sounds like Snape is on the side of students not dying. He was probably referencing Slytherins in particular but… Harry shook his head, scolding himself for being as biased as he liked to call everyone else. No, Snape is a jerk of epic proportions, but he was right there with McGonagall when I was caught by the troll, trying to get me out. Bad teacher and terrible person aside, he doesn’t want kids to die… which is more than can be said for people like Filch and Hooch.

And apparently Quirrell, which is a surprise but not a shock at this point.

Harry was almost glad he hadn’t actually had the thought of ‘nothing would surprise me at this point’ to follow that up, as he slipped into a nearby classroom to hide out for a bit and found it absolutely empty.

Except for a huge mirror at the other end of the room, that looked very enchanted and important and very suspicious to be in an empty classroom for no reason.

Hogwarts is so cool.

He grinned, loving this odd stuff he could stumble upon in this castle even if some of it was alarming and weird, closing the door quietly behind him and being briefly thankful there was no window a passerby could see him through.

He approached the mirror curiously, immediately noticing it was super cool and old and fancy. All solid signs for something interesting, and he walked right up to it to give it a closer look. The designs around the edges of it were in a language he didn’t recognize but beautifully crafted of intricate golds and fine metals, the glass itself very weathered and actually a bit dingy from extreme age, but otherwise flawless.

And because he was vain and wasn’t afraid to admit it, he gave a quick glance around the classroom to confirm it indeed was empty before pulling down his hood and pushed up his cloak’s sleeves, it returning to its more long-jacket-like appearance with just a little nudge from him. It was still novel to him and the color beautiful in its silver smokiness that was highlighted by the ancient mirror that he enjoyed tossing his arms out to let the fabric fly around him and enjoyed his reflection mimicking him, letting his hair fall free from being cooped up under the hood and fixing it happily. Since he’d wandered straight from bed because Ron’s snores had kept him up, he wasn’t wearing any baubles or clips, not even having it pinned back so it just fell free and he enjoyed the shock of red in the muted light of the room immensely.

He felt like a bird noticing itself in a reflection of a lake for the first time, but it was one of life’s simple pleasures, so he just enjoyed himself for a moment.

Until he suddenly realized someone was standing over his shoulder.

With a sharp gasp he whipped around, not an expert but still damn fast at getting his wand out from where it rested in his cloak’s sleeve—the magical fabric seeming to just release it and let it slide into his hands almost in response to his heart leaping into his throat and instincts demanding he point a wand at this new threat—

Only to be greeted by a still very empty classroom.

What the hell?

Adrenaline pumping through his veins and almost being afraid to turn around, he glanced over his shoulder at the mirror again. Hesitantly he turned around fully now… trying to clam his heart and look properly at his reflection this time… and had to take an alarmed step back in shock when people seemed to fade into existence behind him. He wanted to be terrified, but… they were all smiling.

Smiling at him.

He turned around again an nope—classroom was still empty.

…he looked properly back at the mirror now, realizing that this super-cool looking mirror had to be special for some reason so… was this it? Who were these people?

He blinked, moving his head to the side slightly… and the shock of red he was seeing didn’t move. Or, it did, but not the hair he thought was his for half a second.

There was a woman with hair the color of apples and Christmas standing over his left shoulder, smiling at him widely with bright green eyes he couldn’t help but think were familiar. She had fair features and a thin nose, young looking… kind looking.

He reached up and touched a lock of his own hair almost unconsciously… and watched with widening eyes as the woman leaned forward to put a hand over his, her smile widening as if to say—look, we match!

He couldn’t feel her hand over his, but he saw it. He saw it.

“…Mom?”

The spectral woman smiled, still silent as the grave, but she was there.

She seemed… so real.

Almost unwillingly he glanced at the figure over his right shoulder now, mind filling in what he was already assuming was happening, and maybe he didn’t recognize the man as he’d never seen him before in any pictures or even in the mirror looking back at him but—

But the man had a dark mop of truly wild hair, and glasses over a large nose. He didn’t look old enough to be a dad despite the fact he had on a very dad-like sweater—and it just kind of hit him that—

My parents died really young, didn’t they?

His breathing was uneven as he tried to get it out, but he couldn’t form a single word and the man didn’t seem to care at all. All the compassion and love and acceptance Harry needed was written there right on his face as the man wrapped one arm around his wife beside him, and the other around his shoulder as if pulling his family closer to him.

He felt tears pulling at his eyes and over the snitch in his throat, eyes searching the rest of the mirror as he saw others. Others with more red hair—less like his mom’s, definitely just ginger but definitely familiar— a whole army of those with messy dark hair and round glasses—a full crowd of various people he didn’t recognize with dark curly hair and bright grey eyes—even more people in robes and muggles clothes and—

And—

And a man with long black hair and the eeriest pair of blue-silver eyes seemed to casually lean into frame, one arm up to lean on James Potter’s shoulder like it was only natural. His eyes were alight with life and laughter, and even young as he was he had lines at the corners of his eyes from how free-spirited he seemed to be. He was handsome and relaxed, silent as they all were but Harry could see him saying something that made his parents crinkle their eyes in delight.

They were all looking at him.

Happy.

Lovingly.

And the man with blue eyes seemed to lean around James as if to touch Harry’s hair too—only when he pulled away Harry saw a tiny clip in his hair. It seemed to be made of diamonds, in the shape of a tiny paw print.

He reached up to touch his temple where it should’ve been… and there was nothing there.

The three in the mirror beamed, clustering closer to him and his mother running ghostly, non-existent hands through his hair as if trying to comfort him.

He saw her doing it. He saw the clip. It all… meant something.

But he couldn’t hear them.

He couldn’t touch them.

He couldn’t feel them.

He wanted them all so badly it felt like he was going to start suffocating, and he clapped his hands over his mouth automatically as if that would keep it in—but it didn’t. Tears started streaming down his face and it just didn’t matter.

Not when they silently soothed him, as if telling him it was alright.

We’re not here, but we still love you. All of you.

He turned on his heel and ran out the door of the classroom as fast as he could, not even caring that his cloak was still down. He didn’t know how he made it back to the dorm with the tears streaming down his face, much less unseen when he very much was not trying to hide, but somehow he did… and when he buried himself under the covers of his four-poster bed, he cried harder than he could ever remember crying in his life until he passed out from the emotions he just wasn’t ready to confront yet.

000

Harry didn’t know there were other ways of becoming invisible other than a cloak, and he didn’t know that on that particular night, he hadn’t been alone in that classroom at all. Someone else had been there, waiting to offer a word of wisdom about the ancient, enchanted mirror in hopes that the boy would use its power for good one day soon.

Luckily, not even Albus Dumbledore knew what Harry had seen in the mirror that night, nor what possibly could’ve prompted that suddenly dramatic response.

And if the old Headmaster returned to the classroom every night until the new school year began, hoping to catch a first year out of bed and enchanted by a magical mirror, he would be disappointed to realize it was all in vain.





Chapter End Notes

The mirror shows us what we want most, and my theory is that Harry only saw his parents because he knew he wanted them. He didn't even know Sirius existed by first year in canon so... in this world he does. And the mirror is pretty strongly enchanted--it knows all about Sirius, and all about what Harry doesn't know he doesn't know.





Chapter 25: Book 1 : Pride : 25




If Harry avoided all other living things except for Hedwig the rest of Christmas break, that was his business.

Luckily, the only people who would actively notice such a thing and bother checking in on him in the castle at the time were the twins, and surprisingly Percy who was ever-diligent in his role as prefect. The twins were fortunately easy going enough that all they needed was a ‘I’m studying a bit’ to realize something was up and to give him space, and while Percy had been a bit more annoying and attempted to ask what he was working on, was also thankfully not that stupid and had left him be after a few suitably curt responses to get his disinterest in talking across.

If he spent a significant amount of time curled up in his bed reading Dell’s journals or in his dorm bathroom using up all the potions the hairdressers in Contrair Alley had given him to make his hair curly or straight or fluffy just to play around with his admittedly large collection of hair supplies after his Christmas haul, that was also no one’s business but his own.

It wasn’t real. He told himself, over and over and over and over again as he looked into a very normal mirror (relatively, it did leave messages in the fog of the shower sometimes) as he re-did his hair for the hundredth time, pinning a new bauble someone from the soccer club had given him into his locks with a bit more force than necessary. It wasn’t real. They’re dead. And that man… that wasn’t Sirius Black. That’s just who I wanted for a godfather, it means nothing.

Harry had spent a long time fully believing his parents were drunks—nobodies. He consciously knew that wasn’t true, ever since the day he met Hagrid the first time. Ever since people around him started to speak about his parents, and not only that, but they spoke about his parents with gentle, respectfully fond tones in their voices like they’d been loved. Like they’d been good people who other people had wanted to call friends.

But it was different, seeing what he didn’t have rather than just knowing about it.

He’d wrapped himself in stone a long time ago, lowered his expectations and just kept his nose down until suddenly he’d gotten a break in life by coming to the wizarding world. He’d been too caught up in the thrill of it all, getting too big for his britches in planning his life now that his life had promise and potential and he could do things and actually be in control of where he wanted to go or what he wanted to do or how he wanted to dress.

He hadn’t given his parents much thought at all, to be honest. The lack of parents was an obstacle, the Dursleys were an enemy, and his missing godfather was a problem he would have to figure out.

It hadn’t hit him until he’d seen them in the mirror (they’d been so real it just wasn’t fair that they weren’t actually there to smile at him like they’d been real for just one moment) that they were actual people who’d died not too long after graduating Hogwarts, leaving behind a one-year-old child. They never actually got to grow up and he didn’t see middle-aged parents in that mirror, he’d seen young adults who were not that old at all, it felt like.

It felt like they’d died knowing just as little as he did about how to feel about it—about anything in this life because they’d just been too young. They didn’t feel like that nebulous concept of safety and warmth he’d imagined when he’d once imagined what having real parents would be like—in that mirror they were just love and support for a child they didn’t really know and were glad they got to see a bit grown up, for that one night.

And Harry honestly did not know if that was better or worse.

His parents didn’t know him. They loved him if that mirror was to be believed, and he honestly didn’t know if it could be believed, but if it could… then his parents loved him, but they did not know him.

And that made tears sting sharply in his eyes as he glared into the mirror before him in frustration.

It was unfair.

He wanted to know his parents. He wanted them to know him. To love him unconditionally and not coddle him, but to just support him and think he was their son for no other reason than that he was.

But they’d died when they were just kids themselves, and he was far too disillusioned with the world to ever be a kid who could just love random strangers like he should’ve grown up thoughtlessly loving his parents. They were people and even if they were miraculously suddenly alive again, he would have to learn to trust and love them on his own.

And maybe he could do that, but it wasn’t fair. He was supposed to have grown up loving them and it was supposed to be effortless.

But it wasn’t.

That mirror had shown him everything he wanted and he couldn’t have it. He’d been getting too cocky, thinking the whole world was at his fingertips and he could get anything, because he was a clever, rich little child who knew better than everyone else.

But he knew nothing.

And he could plot and scheme and destroy as many people as he wanted, but he could never think up a plan that would get him his parents back… and that hurt.

It hurt his pride, it hurt his heart, it hurt his whole being until he just wanted to throw something at the mirror before him and hope it felt something when it shattered.

He hated that mirror. For shoving it in his face and making him remember. For forcing him to confront what he’d buried so deep he’d actually almost convinced himself he did not care about Lily or James Potter. Sure, he liked the warmth he felt when someone said he had his mother’s eyes or his father’s talent, but that’s all it was. Warmth.

This was like fire.

It burned at him until it was eating at the calm edges of his carefully composed mask, this grief and unbridled anger that the world was so unfair and that he’d always known exactly how much he’d wanted his parents back and how he’d buried it so that the pain of even entertaining the idea couldn’t interfere with him living his life how he wanted to. Stupid day-to-day joys like learning charms tricks, doing his hair in the morning, playing soccer or quidditch, pulling a prank with the twins, asking McGonagall questions—even playing word games with the Slytherins, that was all supposed to be what there was to his life.

It was supposed to be good.

And… it was.

But it’s not my parents. It’s not that home I used to cry over when I was too little to realize I had to give up on stupid dreams like that.

He put his brush down and bent his head over the sink, gripping its edges and trying to breathe deeply like Hermione’s book had told him to, picturing his mindscape clearing. He still didn’t have a good image of how he was supposed to organize his thoughts, but eventually this practice was supposed to help him get here, and he really needed the help right about now.

I can’t be this person. I want to… I want to be me. I want to play soccer with all four houses, I want to win at Quidditch. I want to play McGonagall’s favorite and lose myself in Transfiguration like Dad and Dell did. I want to talk more with the twins and finally figure out how to tell them apart. I want to be proud of who I am and have no regrets. I want to be friends with Draco, I want to win my next argument with Blaise. I want to be a better friend to Neville and for him to be happy with himself— I want the Dursleys to rot in hell.

He winced while keeping his eyes closed, realizing that was probably not helping.

I can’t be this person. I don’t want to be angry. I don’t want to hate like this.

The point of getting a new chance at life is that things were supposed to be better. But he’d cracked open his stone shell that had kept him alive at the Dursleys, inviting things like friends and amusement and excitement into his life—and suddenly other things that had been safely hidden inside his stone shield were also crawling out, finally rearing their ugly, filthy heads.

Things like resentment. At the Dursleys, at the world at large.

Anger.

Hatred.

And he didn’t even know if it was hatred, but it consumed him and he was absolutely revolted by the feeling. He felt torn evenly between not caring about a damn thing because he wanted to burn someone just to make them feel like he felt, but also beating himself over the head because this wasn’t who he was.

This wasn’t who I was supposed to be. He confessed helplessly to no one, looking up at his reflection finally to see the glare had finally disappeared, but the person looking back at him didn’t have any answers to give him either.

000

By the time the new semester started, Harry had achieved three things.

First, he’d mastered every second year Transfiguration spell the twins had laid before him, to the point he could do them not without concentration exactly, but with definite ease. He’d even read that year’s textbook back-to-front Hermione-style as well as finally managing to finish up his additional research topics as well, so he could confidently say he’d probably be able to ace the second year Transfiguration exam a lot better than any current second year in the school. With the exception of maybe a Ravenclaw he hadn’t accounted for (you never knew, after all).

Secondly… he’d finally finished Hermione’s book on controlling his emotions, and the one she’d just given him for Christmas. He’s spent enough time alone with his thoughts to have the opportunity, as well as the revitalized motivation to do such a thing, and he’d worked his way through them just before the carriages started arriving with students returning from break.

Thirdly, and most importantly, he’d managed to fix himself back into himself, at least for the time being.

Mental breakdown or not, he had hair done right, baubles in place, nails a new color orange thanks to one of his Christmas gifts, and his whole wardrobe re-done to account for the fact he had an invisibility cloak featuring in most of his day-to-day wear now. He was mentally ready to get down with the next step of operation fox, for the coming quidditch season, as well as primed and ready to propose the soccer clubs’ first unofficial game just as soon as Dean and Lu got back to hear about his new idea.

He had carefully boxed up his thoughts about Sirius Black and a thrice-damned mirror (and the now constant burning in the back of his heart when he remembered he’d never gotten to know his parents) into a tiny little casket in the back of his mind and buried it.

He marked the tomb with a lovely pale blue gravestone in his mind’s eye and would come back to grieve over it another day.

So when people, still bundled up tight from the snowy weather outside, started to filter in past the Great Hall where he was practicing his spells idly, and he started waving to them and greeting them like normal, giving out hugs and thank-you cards for gifts as was only polite, no one suspected a thing. And when they asked what he did over break, he told them all about Hagrid and the twins’ antics without even lying for once.

And that was how it should be.

To his knowledge, no one noticed a difference.

000

“A little lighter… maybe a bit more brown-ish…”

“Does the color really matter that much?” Seamus, the fool, was brave enough to ask.

“Of course it does! The soccer teams are supposed to be separate from the houses, so they have to be totally different from the colors the houses use!” Harry didn’t miss a beat, flashing him a grin that had the Irishman admitting defeat immediately. He turned back to the shirt he was holding that was slowly turning the right color. “Okay stop! I like that—what does everyone else think?”

“I thought it was fine fourteen shades ago.”

“Shut up, Lu.”

“I like it!” Hannah volunteered cheerily to halt the argument before it could spawn, earning a thankful look from Harry that someone got it.

“So, we’re only one team?” A third year Gryffindor asked curiously. Harry was pretty sure her name was Alison-something but she was new enough and the club large enough that he actually didn’t know everyone at this point. Especially if they stuck to the beginner’s team while he was still for some reason considered good enough to be on the more advanced team most days.

“No, we still need two teams, but I had the perfect idea for the other team. Can you leave the collar and sleeves as is, and then change the rest of it to this?” He lay a dark grey shirt on the table in front of him and then pulled out a bandana he’d found that had inspired this whole idea in the first place.

Fred was the one helping him perform the color-changing charm on the shirts, as it was a bit too high-level for him at this moment—it was a fourth year Transfiguration spell he definitely had high on his list to learn given the ability to change the colors of his clothes at will was highly attractive, so while it was definitely a priority in his near future he still didn't know it quite yet. Though Harry felt confident asking the twins in particular for their help despite it being a bit above their year level as well, given that they knew all sorts of things they probably shouldn’t in the name of their pranks (he was 100% sure they’ve used this specific spell before, at least twice this year alone).

This particular twin had also volunteered to help when Harry had asked if either of them knew the charm, which was suspicious as the implication was then that the other twin couldn’t perform it. No one had immediately noticed this other than him he didn’t think, but he had reason to pay attention, especially when he was working on his theory of how to tell the two identical brothers apart.

As it was, he didn’t know if this twin was actually Fred or not, but according to his observations George was better at Transfiguration between the two, given the imbalance of only one of them answering his questions about upper year Transfiguration work so far. And if George was better at Transfiguration, and the one was that wasn’t so good was definitely better at Charms… process of elimination.

And if he was right about that, then Fred was the one who stared at the bandana being held out to him like it was suddenly going to bite him. George, who was sitting off to the side just watching this mostly, had eyebrows that skyrocketed to the top of his brow.

“Ah… Harry?” George pointed out the obvious.

“Just so you know, I’m not wearing that.” Fred immediately deadpanned, but lifted his wand and charmed the shirt anyway, scrunching his nose up at the new color.

“Well I’m not!” His brother immediately countered.

“Well I’m not either!”

“Are too!”

“Are not!”

“Well one of you has to wear it because you two aren’t allowed to be on the same team.” Harry cut them off, snatching the shirt back up with a roll of his eyes at their childishness. Usually he was totally on board with it, but this was a bit ridiculous…

“Yeah, but Harry… you sure about that?” Seamus felt the need to point out, scratching the back of his head awkwardly as he tried to find the right words to express it correctly. “I mean…”

“It’s fine. Trust me, I have a plan!” He assured them with only a little more confidence poured into his tone than he actually felt, and most of the club watching this conversation exchanged wary looks, but shrugged, unable to come up with a better reason to doubt him.

“Well, if you say so.” Lu gave a resigned shrug, his tone clearly absolving himself of guilt if they caught heat for it.

Fred turned and have his twin big puppy-dog eyes, George’s brow immediately twitching in annoyance.

“Fine, I’ll wear it.” He caved, snatching the offending shirt from Harry’s grip while Fred cheered and picked up the original one: a lovely light brown color with purplish-maroon collar and sleeves for style.

The other, which a defeated George held, had deep grey accents while the overall color was a bright and cheery mint.

In other words: green.

Not even remotely close to a Slytherin green, the drama queens, Harry mentally rolled his eyes but kept his expression a cheerful smile so not to piss George off too much.

Another thing he’d noted: George had a bit shorter temper than his brother and some of the more vicious pranks they got up to were definitely the majority his idea. Fred was always down for a prank without question no matter how devious of course, but he was fractionally more forgiving and less vengeance-oriented than his twin. Which, if Harry wanted to avoid being the center of too many pranks moving forward, was definitely good information to have.

“You’re just trying to provoke the Slytherins into joining, aren’t you?” Lu judged him, to which Harry ignored the tone and answered as if that’d been a real question.

“One does not provoke Slytherins, one traps them into thinking something they are under the impression was their idea all along.”

“You really scare me sometimes.” Dean tossed in there with a shudder for emphasis.

“And I’m calling bull—we’re experts at provoking Slytherins!” George pointed out gleefully.

“Indeed!”

Harry paused, considering that before shrugging once to acknowledge their point. “Okay, one does not provoke good Slytherins who can actually be clever about things. Every house has their duds, I’m sure.”

He got a lot of snickers from that as the whole football club in general was watching this bickering for their own amusement. Apparently it wasn’t hard for every house to think up at least someone who was only just so questionably in their house. Harry could think of five people right now that he honestly had no idea how they ended up in that dorm. Hell, he was sure there was a large portion of Gryffindor who actively wondered how Harry himself wasn't in Slytherin.

“So how exactly is this going to work?” A second year Ravenclaw chirped up, now that the team colors had at least been decided. And if anyone had any opinions on the matter, they weren’t as confident as the twins in arguing with Harry about the colors they wore, so they kept it to themselves. “We just pick a team?”

“That’s right!” Harry agreed eagerly. “We all kind of know where our skill levels are and who we work well with, so I think if we just pick teams amongst ourselves it should work out fine. I don’t want to do team captains or anything as even that sounds like too much pressure.”

“Professor Flitwick said he knows a charm that can get rid of the snow and keep the grass dry on the pitch for a time, so we can have some practices and then a game or two out there before quidditch season picks up again in earnest.” Lu supplied. “It doesn’t have to be just one game either—we’re already divided into a beginner’s and a more experienced group, so maybe we can just fill out for the people we’re missing and have two different games.”

“We can mimic the muggle way of calling it if you’d like—they’re called divisions, so a division 1 team is better than a division 2 team, and so forth. I figure, if there’s not enough people for a division 1 or 2 game, we can make it work with people who want to stretch themselves or something by trying out a different division.” Dean stepped up to take some charge as well, but even despite Lu and Dean seeming to know exactly what they were talking about, there was still a lot of uncertain faces milling around the group.

Harry smiled widely, catching their attention with a distracting wave of his hands.

“Well I think we’re all much better than we were at the beginning of the year, and there’s no quicker way to get better than a little healthy competition! Let’s just try it this once and if no one likes it there’s no obligation to do it again. And if people do like it, they can form teams as it suits them and switch up teams to get new teammates at will—the color changing charms are easy so there’s no pressure,” He attempted to comfort them, not wanting this to be added pressure, just a little bit of competitive fun. At least some people seemed to be comforted by it as they looked between the two piles of shirts Fred was now actively changing to be the right colors, people seeming to start thinking about choosing one.

“Which team are you picking then, Harry?” Hannah asked curiously.

“Hm… never thought I’d have to pick between two colors,” He joked slyly, earning himself a couple laughs for the effort. “Well, since it’s my idea and it might be fun to mess with the Slytherins, I’ll go green this time!”

“Then I’ll go brown, because I owe you for that nasty block you’ve picked up,” Dean huffed, grabbing one of the other colored shirts on the tables.

“It’s taupe, please Dean.”

He was shot a dirty look for that snark, before they both burst out laughing at the ridiculousness of it all.

“What’s going on here?”

Their laughter cut off temporarily, Harry glanced behind him at the newcomer and felt his stomach sink.

They were in the Great Hall as that was the best place to meet: they could be as loud as they wanted and all four houses could hang out in the neutral ground without feeling like one group had the advantage or the comfort. People used the Great Hall as a place to study and meet occasionally during off-mealtimes too, so it wasn’t an uncommon place for people to study or hang out if they were tired of their dorms and wanted to be louder than they could in the library. Even now it wasn’t just the football team in here, but they were by far the biggest group and had taken over the ends of the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables in the center of the room to spread out and work on their team shirts.

It wasn’t uncommon for people to be in here exactly, but extremely large meetings of more than ten people, not counting how many people the football club had currently, containing people of more than one house at that, was not a common sight at all. Because they gathered so much attention and caused a ruckus more often than not, last semester they’d done most of their meet-ups outside, but as it was still deep-winter and damn cold outside for the time being, this was a good second option. And these days they were definitely a large enough group that anyone coming by this very public place would notice them causing a commotion in here.

So, it wasn’t exactly unexpected when other people drifted by and got curious as to what they were up to. Harry liked to welcome those people in happily and try to convince them to join if he could, which only ever half worked.

What wasn’t welcome right now though, was that this current newcomer was Ron.

Harry snapped his face into the most non-aggressive, calm smile he could. Ron had caused no problems at all over Christmas break besides his snoring, and had really just avoided him the whole year, ever since Halloween (if most of their year had somehow gotten it into their heads in a roundabout way that Ron was the reason Harry had almost been killed by a troll had anything to do with it, he was fine with that—if he had a feeling it was probably a Slytherin’s fault people thought that, he was even more fine with that). They were roommates and Harry may have accidentally been a leader in the football club somehow, but this group was supposed to be inclusive and he refused to be a hypocrite because of a personal opinion that hadn’t really born fruit in months.

So… in the name of not being a vengeful, petty person he was trying very hard to convince himself he wasn’t, he forced his rising hackles to cool it for a second.

“We’re making team shirts for the soccer club. We’re big enough that we want to play a few games when the snow melts.” He explained politely. He felt a pair of big blue eyes staring widely at him as if asking what the heck he was doing from somewhere to his left where Neville was hiding from the center of the commotion on one of the Hufflepuff benches.

“Yeah, it’s a lot of fun you know! I still think you might be interested,” Seamus offered the youngest Weasley easily, thankfully saving Harry from the very awkward pause that had followed his explanation. The Irishman was a good guy; he still talked to Ron actively despite there being a defined rift in their dorm and to this day Harry had no idea it if was out of pity or because Seamus was just an inherently better person than most and actually enjoyed talking to Ron.

Case and point:

“No thanks,” The redhead rejected the kind offer flatly, his tone causing Susan to bristle visibly from the corner of Harry’s eye. “Isn’t a bit unfair to be on two teams at once?” His question was not exactly unfair itself, even if it was blunt enough to boarder on rude as he looked directly at Harry to say it.

Before Harry could open his mouth though—

“Shut up, Ronnikins—we like sports and there’s no rules about being in this club.”

“You’re welcome to join if you’d like, but don’t talk fair unless you actually want to play.” Fred and George chimed in instantaneously, forcing their brother to look from Harry to them in surprise like he’d only just realized they were there. Ron very much hadn’t been talking about his brothers when he’d said that, it just also happened to be true for them too.

Harry took a breath, mentally conjuring up that mental landscape Hermione’s book told him to visualize when he needed to center himself. It still had no clear form, but he thought it was tranquil and calming, like a garden or something.

“We have people of all skill levels you know; it might be fun. Our next practice is in two weeks, right Lu?” He asked with almost clinical politeness towards the Ravenclaw, who nodded once with a look on his face that said he was agreeing with Neville right now. “You should come.” Harry offered the olive branch to Ron, who looked a bit surprised Harry had actually done that.

To be clear: Harry was not a high road kind of person.

But this club was his idea and he was making an attempt here, for the sake of not being a hypocrite he knew he would be if he actively tried to keep someone from joining it. He was doing this less out of the goodness of his heart, and more purely to put himself on the moral high ground when it came to this animosity between them. He didn’t want to senselessly hate—he could not like someone and still work with them, in the name of his ultimate goals.

Did he want to? Heck no.

Could he? Yes, he could, and there was no great reason he shouldn’t.

Besides, his life would be easier if Ron weren’t an irritation. Maybe they’d even end up on good terms and could politely ignore each other instead of actively avoid each other. Maybe it’d be an improvement.

Ron frowned deeply. “What exactly is the point of the game?”

“It’s kind of like quidditch, just no magic or flying. And only one ball,” Dean explained awkwardly. “But you kick the ball across the ground into nets instead of hoops, but almost the same principles!”

“No bludgers in this one though.” George offered, Fred shrugging that point.

“Win some, lose some.”

“We winning or losing?”

“Hard to say.”

“What’s the point if you can’t fly?” Ron seemed baffled at the mere concept.

“Uh, some of us don’t like heights.” Lu waved a hand matter-of-factly as if gesturing to himself, face flickering in irritation.

The youngest Weasley started at him, as if also realizing there was an audience here, watching this… really painful exchange, to be honest.

“Aren’t you a Ravenclaw?”

“Yeah…?”

“I just didn’t think you’d be into sports or something.”

“Ravenclaw has a quidditch team like everyone else,” Harry’s jaw flexed, but managed to maintain his cool better than Lu who looked indignant at the implication and at a loss for how Ron managed to get to that conclusion.

“I know we have a bookworm reputation, but I like sports too you know,” Said athletic bookworm grumbled petulantly.

Ron didn’t really seem to get it, but turned back to Harry with his eyes narrowed some. “And you’re the captain or whatever?”

“What? No way—there is no captain or club leader here, and if there were, it would absolutely be either Dean or Lu as they both know about ten times as much as I do about this game. Honestly, I’m just in charge of shirts, I swear.” He put his hands up as if surrendering (which he was, as he had no desire to actually be in charge of anything officially as that would absolutely eventually require him to put more time an effort into this than his simple concept of ‘have fun when I want to’). He had definitely said this before and been very vocal about how much he didn’t want to actually need to put time and effort into this club and so there were several scoffs and snickers at his expense echoed from around the room.

“You do come up with the weird ideas though.” Susan pointed out mockingly.

“No one is obligated to go along with my weird ideas though,” He defended himself with a sly grin and she just rolled her eyes fondly.

“Well they’re insane, but they have merit is all I’m saying.”

“Why thank you!”

“What do you say, Ron? Wanna play a bit?” Seamus brought the conversation back eagerly.

“I mean I guess. Sounds interesting.” He shrugged a bit, scratching the back of his head uncertainty. “There’s no Slytherins, right?”

Harry tensed, and the only reason he managed to not snap something automatically was Neville staring at him very blatantly now, as if asking what he was about to do.

His shy friend had this way of being totally silent and yet always present in the corner of his vision, as if the blond were his own personal Jiminy Cricket reminding him to be a better Gryffindor than he instinctually was.

If Neville is the angel on my shoulder, that would absolutely make Blaise my personal devil. He’ll get a kick out of that, I think.

That amusing thought helped him regain his mental clarity enough to remember not to hit the boy in front of him, and instead form an actual human response.

“There are no Slytherins yet—however this club is not related to the houses in any way and if I could convince one of them to join then they would be welcome just as you are entirely welcome to join or not for whatever reason.” He thought his tone was polite enough, even if it was rather crisp. And even if it wasn’t, that’s all Ron was going to get.

“I’m not joining if one of those slimy gits is too!” He shot out as if affronted Harry would even dare mention the snake house.

“And that’s totally your right. Join or don’t, it’s up to you.” He snapped flatly. If Ron were a little more observant he’d notice Harry didn’t want him to join at all. He was offering to be nice, forcibly, not because of an actual wish to play football with him.

Luckily only Ron was unobservant enough to realize Harry was at the end of his spontaneous good graces, and Seamus bodily stepped between them, waving his hands as if trying to physically defuse the situation.

“Well then no worries as none of them are here right now! Sounds like you’re joining—great! Have a shirt,” he snatched one of the brown shirts and shoved it into his hands, and Harry decided that was the perfect moment to let Dean and Lu take charge as the unofficial-official leaders of this club. He plopped down next to Neville on his bench off to the side, ignoring the blue eyes still following him with a silent intensity more fitting on Hedwig, honestly.

As Seamus enthusiastically started explaining the rules of the game (Susan unable to help herself by chiming in with her made up rules which caused Lu’s temple to start twitching) Harry really hoped he wouldn’t regret this decision eventually.

Not that it was his decision, exactly. Ron was allowed to do as he pleased, after all, like all of them were.

I’m kind of seeing Susan’s point. It’s all fine when I’m doing what I want, but it’s a lot harder to just be chill when others do the same. I should probably have more sympathy for Draco, he thought in amusement to himself.

I should also see if Hermione has another book for me if I’m going to be in the same club with Ron from here on out…

000

It was a very normal Tuesday when Harry found himself walking towards the Great Hall from the library, and he immediately realized he was, for once, entirely alone. Which would be an advantageous time to corner him, and he knew this because a girl seemed to appear out of nowhere and start walking beside him, as if accompanying him towards where dinner was being served.

And this girl he recognized, as being the Slytherin first year who’d been blatantly watching him pretty much since Halloween from a couple seats away at the Slytherin table the days he chose to sit there.

“Ah… hello.” He greeted in surprise, and she smiled politely.

“Hi. Nice to meet you, I’m Daphne Greengrass.”

Greengrass? Wait, that rings a bell…

It hit him suddenly, and he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up instinctively. He’d heard both Draco and Axeclaw mention that name in different ways, and if what he thought was true, the Greengrass family was a Slytherin name that was entirely neutral.

He wasn’t 100% sure on the dark, light, and neutral affiliations, at least not as familiarly as he’d like given that the snake house put a lot of emphasis on how a family was aligned before talking to someone of a different affiliation, but what he did know was the one other neutral name he knew about.

Which was Zabini.

And if the Greengrass family was anything like Blaise, then he was immediately on his toes.

“Harry Potter-Monroe.” He greeted as politely and respectfully as he thought reasonable given they were alone and she’d clearly been waiting to get him alone before talking to him.

She smiled in amusement, seeming to know exactly what he was doing.

“I’m not out to get you, you know.” She dismissed his respect with a friendly tease. “A lot of Slytherins would be, but you’re just interesting.”

“Thank you?” He had no idea what to make of that, and defaulted with honesty. Slytherins always got a kick out of honest people. “Is this about my Transfiguration notes?”

As expected, she laughed fully at that.

“It could be.” She allowed. “Just thought I’d say hi is all.”

“Well how lovely and appropriately eerie for a rouge Slytherin.” He complimented cheerily, and her face flickered in surprise, before her smile turned wry. “I know Slytherins don’t do friendly, but you’re very good at it.”

“Thank you.” She didn’t even blink at everything he’d just implied. “And who said Slytherins don’t do friendly? You hang out with a Zabini and a Malfoy; they’re not exactly good examples of your typical Slytherin now are they?”

He was legitimately surprised by that. “They aren’t? Well, they’re my only examples to go off of at the moment.” He admitted.

“Malfoy is a hot mess, if you ask me. And saying a Zabini is typical is like meeting a dragon and thinking all lizards breathe fire.”

Harry felt his face light up automatically in delight.

“Really now? I would tell that to his face if I weren’t sure he’d take it as a compliment.”

She snorted a lot less gracefully than Harry was expecting a Slytherin to be. She was also… casual? Was that the right word? She came across polite and witty, but also kind of… well, normal to be honest. Her words were as sharp as he’d have expected but she didn’t have Blaise’s regal posture or Draco’s baby-cactus routine. Not even a normal cactus routine, and she wasn’t afraid, unnerved, or disturbed by him at all—just amused, it seemed.

Maybe Draco and Blaise were bad examples.

“He probably would.” She gave him that with a shrug. “Well, I have no ulterior motives if you’ll believe that. You’re not exactly popular in Slytherin on the most part so us firsties follow our upper classmen’s example to keep our noses out of trouble, but I’ve got nothing against you, you know.”

“Well that’s good.” Still, this was a really suspicious conversation to be having. “Is there a reason in particular you’re telling me this though?”

“Well it’d be rude if I only talked to you for the first time the week before finals, trying to a get a copy of your Transfiguration notes.”

Ah, there it is.

He flashed her a grin, some of his suspicion relaxing. Not too much, but some. She was still a Slytherin, after all.

“Fair point. I suppose I’ll have to learn more about you to see what a fair trade will be, for then.”

“I am sure I can produce something of interest to you.” She lifted her chin, playful confidence in her eyes.

By that time they’d made it to the Great Hall, and she gave him a friendly little nod before splitting off towards the Slytherin table without a word. Harry had intended to sit at the Ravenclaw table tonight and didn’t intent to change those plans just because this Ms. Greengrass was being clever, so decided to shelve that for later thought, letting her go without another word goodnight.

That was… unexpected.

But pleasantly so.

000

Draco had a headache.

It was mainly related to his Charms essay, but it got infinitely worse at breakfast when he sensed someone sit down with their normal group, and everyone who typically sat with them was already accounted for—including Harry who was not helping his headache by bantering with Blaise far too early in the morning for Draco’s tastes. Which meant someone new, and that was always going to be complicated at the Slytherin table.

And then he looked up and saw one Daphne Greengrass smiling widely at Harry and knew his headache wasn’t going away anytime soon. Maybe he’d ask Madam Pomfrey for a pain reliever just to get him through the Transfiguration exam they had later today.

“Ah! Good morning Ms. Greengrass.” Harry seemed delighted to see her, and also seemed fully aware of who she was, which unnerved Draco greatly.

“Good morning Mr. Monroe,” Greengrass greeted just as pleasantly back to him, already knowing full well the red head got defensive about people implying too heavily about his Boy Who Lived reputation.

Which means she’d done her research, of course. Which means she was after something.

Which means Draco was never going to hear the end of this.

As if on cue he turned, and watched Blaise’s face fall like a ton of bricks, twisting into something ugly and irritated.

“Oi, buzz off.” He snipped at her immediately, and Draco saw Harry startle by his sudden change in personality. Well, Harry only ever got to see Blaise when he was happily entertained by his pet Gryffindor, so welcome to his world.

Daphne just shot the Zabini a coy look and helped herself to some toast from the tray in front of her, ignoring his distain that would’ve had weaker snakes running for cover.

“Hm, no… I don’t think I will.” She flashed him a smile that no one bought for a second. “You don’t get to claim the crazy Gryffindor for yourself anymore, Mr. Zabini.”

“Go find your own entertainment, hag!”

“Why do I suddenly feel like a trinket?” Harry blinked in surprise, watching the two of them across the table and visibly trying to piece together what was happening. Draco just sighed and went about fixing his tea.

He was going to need another cup to get through this meal.

“Neutral families, don’t ask.”

“But aren’t the Malfoys now neutral?”

“Only recently. There’s not enough… history, I guess, to cause this kind of trouble.” He waved to the two Slytherins now smiling with painfully fake politeness at each other in hopes the other one dropped dead suddenly.

Harry looked perturbed. “Do I want to know?”

“Honestly? No, no you do not.” Draco huffed, sipping his cup and enjoying the earl grey while he watched the conflict go down across the table and hoping no one started throwing curses.

Honestly, he had no idea what to make of this and he really didn’t want to get caught in the middle for any reason. This was uncharted territory for everyone and the one thing Slytherins didn’t like is the unknown. Even an impossible enemy you understood was better than one you had no information on, so Draco was going to shut him mouth and watch for now until these two found some kind of agreement in how to proceed from here on out.

While the Zabini and Greengrass families were both neutral, that’s about where the similarities between the two stopped. It was like talking about quidditch and garden gnomes.

Quidditch and garden gnomes in no way related, and you would confuse people by trying to talk about both at once.

The only thing they had in common was that they were formidable opponents or allies to have, and that the Dark Lord had never tried to mark the two as his before. No one in either of the two families had a dark mark on them, but the reasons for that were not exactly similar. The Zabini’s were powerful, and their international connections meant even the Dark Lord wouldn’t risk insulting them, at least not when he was still mid-way through taking over magical Britain (who knows what he’d have done if he’d gained complete control though).

The Greengrass family, however, was just too damn useful.

If you were looking for a deal, a connection, a bit of information, a rare book, anything niche and useful and powerful, a Greengrass could get it for you. They also did not care who they dealt with, so they had connections all over both the light and dark communities, and their usefulness was so powerful not even Dumbledore seemed to care that they very unashamedly used to deal with Death Eaters on the regular. Even reversed, dark families didn’t mind that they dealt with the Minister officially, even having open deals with werewolves, vampires, giants, and goblins—and some dark families were so intensely prejudiced that under normal circumstances they’d probably send death threats to people who associated with inhuman creatures rather than consider them allies.

The thing is, you don’t throw the baby out with the bathwater, as the saying goes. The Greengrass family was too damn useful to turn on them just because you didn’t agree with some of their other business ventures. They didn’t reveal information about their clients or their deals, and they never broke their word, and those two defined facts about who this family was made them very reliable business partners on top of the fact that they could get their hands on goods that were generally just thought to be impossible to find.

They were a business family, and while they didn’t make money like the Malfoys did, certainly, not even money could create the kind of information and goods network a true, old-blooded merchant family had built after dozens of generations. Like many ancient and nobles houses, the value of their heirloom artifacts and personal libraries were legitimately priceless in shear wealth, rarity, and information compared to plain gold. After all, you couldn’t buy certain connections, or the knowledge that came with the trade that the Greengrass family was capable of.

Blaise clearly enjoyed being able to play anyone he wanted—the dark couldn’t touch him for fear of his family’s reputation, and the light avoided him blatantly because while his family wasn’t dark, it was also comprised of terrifying business tycoons that were all but impossible to beat head-to-head if for some reason they set their sights on you. But if the Zabini name was a ruthless fortune 500 company that ate small businesses for lunch, then the Greengrass name were the boots on the ground—the pirates who had a whole fleet of ships filled with rare treasures from around the world that not even a monster company could replicate.

They were untouchable in their own ways, but also as different in their tactics as they could physically be. The Zabini’s made huge moves, marrying into money and suddenly inheriting it all, conquering businesses in brutal take-overs, investing in risky deals before the key lynch-pin of the investment suddenly turned up dead, earning them a jackpot. They moved in huge lurches of increased wealth that usually made the papers—be it a wedding or an obituary.

Comparatively, the Greengrass family slowly but steadily worked themselves into every part of the wizarding economy, deal after deal, investment after long investment, partnership after partnership—until they were connected by marriage, contract, friendship, or debt to literally every family, business, or individual that mattered. They were so pervasive you couldn’t cast a spell without hitting something they’d had a hand in, or knew someone who did, and so forth.

And the interesting thing to Draco in particular, was that the Zabini name was called neutral only because they were untouchable, when in reality their tactics were objectively terrible enough that no Light family would openly call them allies.

The Greengrass name, was the only actual true neutral family Draco knew of.

They’d made deals with the Dark Lord personally during the last war to provide resources and information aplenty, Draco knew. But, to this day they also actively search out muggleborns with potential and support them after Hogwarts in exchange for a piece of the action—half of the shops on Contrair Alley owed their existence to the Greengrass name, after all. They even had stakes in muggle companies, Draco had heard his parents mention a couple times, although they knew almost nothing about that given their lack of interest outside the wizarding world.

No deal was too small or too morally ambiguous to get in on, for a Greengrass. If that wasn’t true grey, Draco didn’t know what was.

For someone like Blaise, who was trained to only lower himself to make the trade if the pot was sweet enough, that difference in philosophies and attitude was stark, and rather unsightly to the pompous Slytherin.

And also probably a bit insulting was the fact that the one family the Greengrass family didn’t trade with, also happened to be the Zabinis.

Draco scoffed silently into his breakfast. You didn’t need to be a genius to figure out why—dealing with the Zabinis in an official capacity was tantamount to a death wish. No matter how sweet the pot or tantalizing the deal, most Slytherins were trained from birth not to actually engage with a Zabini.

The fact Draco had become roommates and friends with one was very questionable, but he was confident enough in his parents’ training to cross that bridge when they got there.

Daphne, the true merchant’s daughter that she was, did not have the luxury of knowing for certain that Blaise would come after her like Draco was 100% sure he’d eventually come after the Malfoy wealth one day. She had nothing Blaise wanted, nor needed, and she wasn’t interested in dealing with him at all (it was a very well-known fact that her family did not deal with his) which meant their interactions should’ve been approaching zero their entire time at Hogwarts to avoid causing everyone that trouble.

But she wanted to be near Harry, because Harry was a novelty at the Slytherin table and interesting. And he was fast making connections in the rest of the school that even the darkest of snakes couldn’t deny was useful, if they weren’t as thick as Crabbe and Goyle.

Blaise had learned quickly that Harry was an entertainment to him, and Daphne saw a good deal in the making.

Draco wasn’t sure if the two biggest neutral families had ever set sights on the same prize before, and he was not thrilled with learning what would happen when they did.

Harry, who did not know any of this, was looking between all the Slytherins present with unveiled interest as he tried to understand what subtleties were happening here without much luck.

Daphne broke her and Blaise’s stare-off first, turning back to Harry pointedly and waving her hand to the side where another Slytherin girl was… kind of sitting with them, but also just far enough away that no one had initially realized she was there. She did not look happy to be there, and as the Davis family was dark as they came, Draco knew why.

But, she was childhood friends with Daphne and it was clear she was just a follower here.

“This is Tracy Davis.” Daphne introduced for Harry, who nodded at the fellow platinum blond politely.

“Nice to meet you.”

“Hm.” Tracy didn’t look at him directly, going back to her breakfast pointedly.

“Okay great, another Nott. Mark my words I will get you to laugh!” Harry teased with a wicked grin, and Tracy rolled her eyes snarkily.

“Good luck with that, Potter.” She sneered.

“It’s Monroe actually, Ms. Davis, and the fact you fell for that means I’ve already made more progress with you than with Mr. Nott.” Harry didn’t miss a beat in snipping back, and her face crumpled in annoyance at him, which he returned with a megawatt fake smile of his own.

Draco glanced between those two glaring at each other with animosity sparking in the air around them, and back to where Blaise was very visibly considering dumping his bowl of oatmeal onto Daphne’s head beside him where she was silently daring him to dare try it with her eyes… to the space Nott used to be and now only held a half-eaten plate as proof he’d been there. He’s probably taken off the second he saw Daphne approach, the smart boy.

He sighed and poured himself another cup of tea.

I must really be losing it, because I kind of want to go sit at the Gryffindor table for this.

His headache did not go away at any point that day.

000





Chapter 26: Book 1 : Pride : 26


Chapter Notes

Guys-- LOOK AT HOW CUTE THIS FANART IS!

https://idic8.tumblr.com/image/628610713862242304

https://idic8.tumblr.com/image/628610766266843136

Thank you so much to idic8 for drawing my version of Harry and baby cactus Draco-- they're actually legitimately more beautiful than I was even imaging them, I'm just speechless and cannot thank you enough!





Okay, I can’t decide if this is the coolest thing ever or really, really bad. Harry thought wryly as he felt sweat bead down the back of his neck both from the heat of Hagrid’s tiny hut, and the implications of what was happening.

Neville looked positively terrified across the table, as Hagrid cooed at a tiny, slimy, garbly dragon on his very wooden table in the middle of his very tiny, wooden hut.

When Hedwig had brought him a note from Hagrid this morning telling him to visit after dark because had something special to show him, he’d dragged Neville along because the blond hadn’t really gotten to know Hagrid yet and he really thought that once Neville got over his fear of the giant man, they’d be great friends. Neville spent most of his time in the greenhouses or with his plants, and Hagrid definitely had a green thumb of his own as the keeper of the grounds, and while Hagrid was kind of terrifying at first glance and had… legitimately terrifying pets all around, he was a genuinely good guy and so was Neville, so Harry kind of thought they’d get along like a house on fire eventually.

The imminent threat of an actual house catching fire and the freaking dragon in front of them made everything a bit more complicated unfortunately, and Harry was kind of regretting even telling Neville about this, much less bringing him to now be unequivocally involved.

“H-Hagrid… it’s illegal to own dragons.” Neville whimpered like he was really wishing he didn’t need to point that out, eyes positively bugging out of his head at the creature in front of him as it turned and warbled in a distinctly baby-like way for a lizard at the Gryffindor when it heard him speak.

Harry hadn’t known that it was illegal exactly, but he’d definitely figured. He was very close to being fully caught up to third-year-level Transfiguration which means there was some very tiny introductory paragraphs about turning larger objects into animals in the books he’d been reading—one of them being turning a couch into a dragon which was a derivative of the second year spell of turning small objects into tiny dragons. There’d been a very aggressive footnote on that spell about a time limit applied to how long your couch could remain a dragon and also the fact that if you actually managed to have enough power to turn a couch into a full sized dragon you actually needed a permit from the Ministry to even attempt such a thing.

And given how pricy and rare dragon parts were as potion ingredients, dragons were very regulated affairs. Hagrid getting his hands on an egg set every alarm bell Harry had in his head off all at once.

“Why on earth did some guy have a dragon egg in his pocket for you to win it in a card game? Where were you playing cards and against who? Also, if you’re that good at cards you definitely could’ve sprung for those hydrangea bushes you were talking about.” Harry ranted a bit, and Hagrid got all huffy, his cheeks turning a bit red under his bushy beard.

“It was a bit ‘o luck, winnin’ that hand, I’ll admit.” He relented. “An’ the Hog’s Head is a reputable pub I’ll ‘ave you know.”

Harry seriously doubted that.

“Hagrid, you live in a wooden house.”

“I’ve always wanted a dragon though,” He complained, but Harry put his foot down firmly.

“Hagrid, no way. Listen to me: you need to go tell Dumbledore about this right now before it’s too late. If you’re caught with Norbert here, you could get arrested much less fired! Tell him you didn’t know what it was before it hatched and made a mistake—maybe they’ll have a chance of going after the guy who gave this to you because really, if he’s got dragon eggs in his pocket who knows what else he’s dealing! If he’s got one, he could have others, and they’re supposed to be a protected species, aren’t they?” He pleaded, Neville nodding along rapidly in agreement.

“But I can’t give ‘im up, he’s just been born! That’d be jus’ cruel, leavin’ ‘im to fend fer ‘imself now, wouldn’t it?” Hagrid wasn’t listening, pulling a piece of meat he had on hand and letting Norbert gobble up his first meal happily, a puff of smoke that was dangerously close to becoming a flame already given it was only ten minutes old making Harry extremely nervous.

“What’s cruel is keeping what’ll eventually grow to be ten times your size in a tiny hut.” Harry muttered, before raising his voice more clearly. “Hagrid you’re going to get arrested. We need to tell Dumbledore!”

“Come now Norbert, don’t do tha’,” Hagrid was yet again distracted by the baby dragon attempting to claw at the wooden table below it—baby claws immediately leaving huge divots on the wood with ease.

Harry could only gape at him in shock, before turning to Neville and getting met with an equally out of depth blue gaze.

Oh my god, Hagrid’s going to get arrested.

He pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to think. Well… they were cutting it dangerously close to curfew, and he couldn’t help Hagrid tonight. And… Norbert couldn’t grow that fast, right? They probably had a couple weeks until he was too big to hide anymore… but then again they probably had days, if not hours, until the tiny trouble maker learned to breathe fire so…

Well, one night probably wouldn’t hurt.

“We need to make it back to the tower by curfew so… Hagrid we will be back tomorrow to talk about this, don’t think this is over!” He warned, but the giant man waved him off, either not really hearing him or just not caring.

“Harry… Harry we can’t leave that there,” Neville hissed as Harry took him by the hand and flat out ran back to the castle, the grounds dark around them and the realization that they were definitely not going to make it becoming clear. Harry had his cloak, but Neville didn’t, so there was really nothing to do about it but run.

“We don’t really have a choice—it’s no use if we get in trouble right alongside him. Let’s just get back to the tower and try and think of what the heck to do about this tomorrow, it’ll probably be fine until then.”

“What exactly, will be fine until then?”

A voice cut them off just as they entered the entrance hall, and Harry felt Neville freeze solid behind him. He wasn’t exactly thrilled with that particular voice either, as he turned to see none other than the last professor he wanted to see waiting on them right now.

Snape.

Who, was looking very unsurprised to see them, Harry noted. In fact he almost looked gleeful, which was honestly a creepy look on him, more so than usual.

But it meant someone had snitched, seeing them leave the castle after dark and informing Snape that he’d catch a couple Gryffindors if he just posted up and waited them out—Harry hadn’t exactly cared who’d seen him go at the time because he had no idea Hagrid was going to get them caught up in illicit activities out of the blue like that, nor that they’d spend that long trying to convince the ground’s keeper not to be a blooming idiot about the whole thing, to very little success.

“Our herbology final project,” Harry lied immediately, flashing a not-so-friendly but undoubtedly polite smile at the potions master. “Apologies professor but we’re going to miss curfew if we don’t—"

“I believe, you already have.” Snape cut him off, and if the flapping cloak he always wore was proof enough he was a pathetically dramatic man, the bell tower chose that exact moment to ring out, signaling for all the castle that they were now out past curfew.

Crap.

“You mean to tell me you were at the greenhouses, this late at night?” Snape raised a brow derisively, and Harry was lying but he still felt indignant that the greasy-haired man dared doubt him.

“Yes sir, something about the moon cycle and white-lily flowers—I’ll confess Herbology is not my best subject so don’t quote me on that though.” He doubled down, meeting his inky eyes without hesitation. On another day, they could’ve just said they were at Hagrid’s and on any other day had it been any other professor, they might’ve been able to check with the giant man to corroborate their story and avoid a detention.

But if anyone knocked on Hagrid’s door this particular night, things would get messy very quickly. If Snape were the person to knock, Hagrid might as well start trying on cuffs that would actually fit him now.

The potions master stared them down, clearly not convinced although Harry had no idea why he was so certain they were lying. I mean, they were, but Harry thought himself a pretty good liar and Neville was just flat out terrified—Snape had never seen the blond Gryffindor with any other expression, so how would he possibly know he was significantly more terrified at this moment than any other?

They key to a great lie is to believe it.

Harry wiped all thoughts of Hagrid and dragons from his mind and pictured the white flowers Neville had shown him last week, where they’d spent hours after dinner taking notes on them to support their Herbology final project. He could almost for a second convince himself that’d been this night instead of last Wednesday.

Snape… eventually seemed to buy it, even if it was clearly reluctantly.

“Back to your dorm, now.” He commanded, and Harry hadn’t let go of Neville’s hand yet so he just took off quickly without a word, dragging the blond behind him.

Not quite fast enough though.

“And fifty points from Gryffindor each… for breaking curfew.” The royal git sounded way to pleased to say it and Harry forced himself not to turn around, not acknowledge the man, not even react to the intense punishment they’d just been given as he bolted up the entrance hall stairs, forcing Neville along as he gasped sharply in shock at the loss. He knew it was probably rude of him not to acknowledge a professor, but he also knew they’d just lose more points to his unfortunate habit of mouthing off if they stuck around too much longer, and at least now they were out of earshot for if the man decided the slight to his person was worth detracting yet more points from the lion house.

50 points!? What a git! I got 30 points for successfully using a Transfiguration spell against a mountain troll as a first year, and yet 100 points total loss for being one minute late to curfew because we were studying for a final!? Which, was a lie, but HE didn’t know that!

Harry fumed darkly, too angry for words as they made the last stretch to Gryffindor tower.

I should get to deduct 100 points from Hogwarts in general for every near-death experience I’ve had. THAT’D even the playing field, wouldn’t it?

Still, by the time they got to the fat lady’s portrait, Harry had neatly re-categorized his indignant rage into not that important for the moment. Annoyed as he was, it still didn’t rank on his priorities of things he needed to care about considering there was a dragon in Hagrid’s hut right now.

As the portrait swung shut behind them, marking them finally safe, he turned and felt sympathy for the extremely pale Neville who let his hand drop limply to his side in shock. “W-we l-lost a hundred points?” He gaped.

Harry pat his arm sadly, acknowledging there really wasn’t anything he could say to make it better.

“You what?” Harry looked over, an aghast fourth year accompanied by several of his teammates having overheard that and their faces turning red. Huh, so they took this house points thing that seriously?

Neville quailed immediately under the upper year’s glare and Harry’s mouth moved without thinking.

“I lost 100 points for mouthing off to Snape—apologies, but he’s a snitch so what exactly did you expect?”

“You picked a fight with Snape!? Are you insane?”

“Debatable.” Harry snapped, not appreciating his tone and not really interested in getting into a fight with his own house. “Now I think it’s about time I call it a night—if you want to be bitter about it I’ll earn the points back myself.”

“Potter-”

“It’s Monroe to you,” Whoever the hell you are—do I even know you? “And have a great night,” He cut the conversation off brutally, once against grabbing Neville to drag him up the stairs to their dorm.

“Harry…”

“People take the house rivalries way too seriously.” He muttered darkly under his breath. “If Gryffindor keeps acting as prejudiced as the Slytherins, I’m going to start rooting for Hufflepuff.”

Neville fell quiet at that until they made it back to their dorm safely—luckily everyone else being still down in the common room. Particularly Ron, who bought into the points system way too deeply and was rude enough to confront them on it outright, without stopping to consider the fact that Snape was a biased git who was actively looking to take points at every chance he got (not to mention the fact someone had sold them out to the potions professor, and Harry was absolutely sure it was one of the many Slytherins out to get him for how he was encroaching in their politics these days).

As Harry was at the end of his rope after today, he couldn’t assure anyone that Ron would have all his limbs attached if he tried him right now.

“Harry…” Neville mustered up enough courage to try it again, face crumpled in both weariness from how much terror he’d just gone through tonight and something else eating at him deeply. “You shouldn’t have taken the blame for me.”

“It was me who dragged you down there—and no I didn’t know Hagrid was going to rope us into that exactly, but it was still my idea. You wouldn’t have been out past curfew if not for me, so it was only right.”

But the blond was already shaking his head, “That’s not how this works, and I’ve told you before. It was my choice to follow you, I’m just as to blame for any of it.” He bowed his head, shoe kicking the ground slightly in agitation. “You don’t have to protect me.”

Harry sighed… smiling a bit wryly.

“To quote a friend, that’s now how this works.” He scolded gently, Neville lifting his gaze in surprise. “I’m probably the most Slytherin-like Gryffindor to ever be in this house, and that means I’ve got the best and worst of both worlds. I want to protect my friends of my own free will, and I do that by lying whatever lie I need to.” He reached out and nudged his friend’s arm soothingly, the blue eyes following him seeming to try and warp his head around that logic, and totally failing. Harry offered him a reassuring grin as he nudged him again, just to be sure he was listening. “I’ll tell you what: I’m going to think of a way to get Norbert out of here as soon as possible, and I can’t guarantee it’s not going to end up with me in detention until I graduate. If you want in, I won’t try to protect you this time because I’m warning you now we might get in a world of trouble for it—I’m hoping just endless detention instead of arrested, though.”

Neville slumped, seeming at a loss about the whole dragon situation, but determination flickering in his face again, washing away the anxiety like Harry had hoped it would.

“Okay. Count me in.”

Harry grinned with more confidence than he felt, wondering how (or if) Neville would keep to the lie that Harry had been the one to lose the points. He had no clue if Neville could actually lie or not.

And honestly, he was hoping to never really know that answer.

000

“Draco!”

Normally he wouldn’t announce his presence quite so loudly in the Slytherin side of the Great Hall, but he wanted to catch his friend before he could sit down to breakfast properly. True to form Draco paused to turn and spare him a greeting smile (and he was getting much better at doing that, even in snake territory), while Blaise also stopped in curiosity. Nott didn’t even break stride and continued on, but Harry expected nothing less from him by now.

“Potter,” Blaise greeted blandly, but with far too much glee in his tone to be a good sign. “Couldn’t help but notice Gryffindor lost some serious points yesterday.” He said brightly by way of greeting, and Harry didn’t even bother wondering how Blaise knew it’d been him to lose the points.

“Blaise, not now. I really just have bigger things to worry about than the stupid house points.” Harry shot him a look, “Also, it was Snape. Need I say more?”

“I would love it if you did.”

“I’m sure you would, but unfortunately I don’t trust you not to spread it around within minutes just because you’re you.”

“Now what does that mean?”

Harry made a very clear point of rolling his eyes. “Somehow, playing dumb suits you.”

Instead of being flat out insulted, Blaise actually had to prevent himself from dying as he attempted to cover his startled laugh by pretending it was a coughing fit, though he managed to fool exactly no one.

“Gryffindor seems pretty concerned over the house points.” Draco pointed out, ignoring his roommate as he attempted to turn and go sit down, only to be halted by Harry latching onto his sleeve insistently. He paused, seeming to realize something was up and got a concerned look on his face.

“Gryffindor is pretty concerned over a lot of stupid stuff and if I help win the next quidditch match, I’ll be good. I’m not stupid enough to think everyone has to like me, and frankly people’s opinions on me ranks pretty low on stuff I care about right now.” Harry dismissed it entirely, before meeting his grey gaze with a wide green plead of his own. “I need your help.”

“Why?” Ever the good Slytherin, even being his best friend he wasn’t going to just agree that easily. Snakes didn’t work like that, but Harry came prepared.

“I’m not talking about it in front of Blaise—but I’ll trade you Transfiguration notes for the next month.” He announced bluntly.

Draco perked up—but so did Blaise and pretty much every Slytherin in the vicinity who’d been doing a great job at pretending they weren’t eavesdropping. Even some upper years who had no use for first-year class notes—the fact Harry was offering that much before getting around to saying what he wanted meant whatever he wanted, he wanted it badly.

Like sharks in the water they could sense a desperate deal from a mile away, and let’s just say they were intrigued whether they were involved or not.

“Okay… not a bad trade, depending on what it is you want.” The blond relented with a narrow look. “And if you’re offering that up front, I’m suspicious.”

Harry gave him his most guiltless smile he could and by both of their expressions, they bought it about as much as they’d bought Blaise’s coughing fit.

“We… may get detention for it.”

Draco stared, uncomprehending.

“You’re… planning on getting detention?”

“It’s a necessary evil.” Harry waved it off uncaringly. “Transfiguration notes, or not? Midterms are coming up, may I remind you.”

The Malfoy heir seemed to give it some serious consideration… before giving in with a sigh.

“Let me hear this plan of yours first.”

000

“Why do we have to be here for this again? Hagrid could do it himself.”

“Because Hagrid wouldn’t do it himself. He’d back out at the last second and not let them take it.”

“Okay, fair… then why am I here?”

“Because we’re going to get caught, probably.” Harry said for what felt like the twentieth time, patting Draco on the shoulder a bit patronizingly because the boy was being dense. “And a Slytherin already sold us out to Snape, so they’ll probably do it again, so Snape will be the one to catch us. Probably. However, if you’re right alongside me, he’ll only give us detention instead of expelling us or even having us arrested. Probably.”

“Then why is he here?”

“Because my better friends don’t need to bribed to back me up when I come up with crazy plans.” Harry cut the sharp tone off in a second, Neville remaining perfectly quiet on his other side as they left the castle and walked down to Hagrid’s hut and letting him deal with Draco’s complaining. Said Slytherin’s cheeks turned a rosy pink in indignation that Harry would dare say that, but green eyes cut off his report with a glare before he could attempt to respond to that.

Honestly, it didn’t make sense for Neville to be there, when you looked at the plan like a Slytherin.

But luckily for Harry, Neville was a much better Gryffindor than he was, and the sheer fact he knew this was going down meant the quiet boy was going to be involved whether Harry had told him to stay back in the castle or not. He knew Harry was going to be helping get Norbert out of Hogwarts, so he was going to be helping him even if it made sense for him to get implicated in this or not. Because Gryffindors put friends before fear of danger at every opportunity, and Neville was a good guy who, while he was still afraid of Hagrid, still respected the groundskeeper enough to not want him to get arrested. Even Neville who was flat out petrified of what they were about to do, still considered a couple of detention in exchange for Hagrid’s continued freedom a fair price.

Draco was now sulking over him calling Neville his better friend, but you know, Draco was being paid to be here so he was just going to have to live with it.

He switched tactics instead. “If he were truly a good friend he’d be talking you out of this!”

“What, like you are?” Harry deadpanned, and Draco gave him a truly impressive glare. While the blond was very vocally against this, he hadn’t actually made any attempt to talk Harry out of it. Either he knew it wasn’t worth arguing to change his mind or was accepting his bribe as being a good deal despite the risk of detention and potentially getting arrested.

Or, he knew they weren’t actually going to get arrested. Or at least he wasn’t, given he was a Malfoy and his father was a barrister when it suited him. Draco had already clearly informed his parents that he was likely to get a detention, but given it was for a deal (that he wouldn’t go into details about, just that it was for status which they seemed to like to hear) they were fine with it. It was only disrespectful as a Slytherin to get caught on accident—if you did it on purpose then that was fine, in their eyes.

I realize this means that Snape will likely eventually learn we willingly took his detention as part of a bigger plan, but hopefully it’ll be well after the fact and there won’t be anything he can do about it.

In any case, Draco was complaining because he was a brat, not really because he was against the plan. He was being well-compensated and it wouldn’t harm his reputation or status in Slytherin at all so long as he didn’t lost them too many points—and given Snape would likely be the one to catch them, chances of that were low. He was probably complaining because Neville had tagged along, and for some reason when he was outnumbered by lions he got more cactus-like than usual.

Okay… maybe it wasn’t a mysterious reason as to why he acted like that, but Harry was going to ignore it for now. Neville was at least being civil in that he was trying his hardest to pretend like Draco wasn’t there, facing forward as they made their way past the greenhouses and headed towards Hagrid’s instead of so much as twitching at Draco’s pointed barbs.

But just because he understood where the boy was coming from, didn’t mean Harry was going to let that fly.

“Draco, shut up.” He told him pointedly, and the blond snapped his jaw shut in a deadly glare. “We only have about ten minutes until it starts, so let’s pick up the pace, shall we?” He refocused them, walking a bit faster and the two followed suit in silence—one tense and the other pouting so loudly in the silence, Harry rolled his eyes to no one.

The plan was simple, for as stupidly ballsy as it was.

Because they’d already been caught out after curfew, Harry was determined not to make the same mistake again… so this was going down middle of the day, when the sun was still high in the sky above them and most people were sitting in classrooms taking notes. They just so happened to have a break the hour after lunch, and the twins just so happened to be more than willing to skip their potions class this same hour (it’s not like they could do worse in that class if they tried anyway) to enact a prank they’d apparently been planning for a couple weeks now, so it was certainly going to be a doozy.

Harry really should consider himself lucky that the twins were willing to bank so much on his future Transfiguration skills, because he owed them quite a few favors at this point and they were more than happy to wait a couple years for his skills to be worth cashing in on.

Just yet another reason to get good at Transfiguration quickly, I guess. I’ll owe them half a dozen times over for this.

The twins turned out to be surprisingly pivotal in this plan, and it wouldn’t have happened if Neville didn’t have a wallflower superpower, as Harry had mentally started calling it. People tended to just forget he was there, so he knew quite a bit about quite a lot of people, just because they’d talk and confide in others and never really give a second thought to him also listening in. Which, was how he knew via Ron talking to Seamus that one of the elder Weasley brothers worked at a dragon reserve in Romania.

Posing the question to the twins, they’d been happy to give them an unofficial introduction to one Charlie Weasley via owl—a couple letters back and forth between him and Harry, and they’d had the makings of a brilliant (insane) plan. He very pointedly hadn’t told the twins what he was up to, and luckily ‘plausible deniability with the Ministry’ was enough to convince them that they really didn’t need to know. Detention was one thing, but their dad worked for the Ministry and even they weren’t eager to endanger that no matter what the mischief was. They were happy to cause the distraction and to remain blissfully unaware of what Harry was actually up to, which was yet another reason to just love Fred and George.

Charlie, on the other hand, sounded almost as blinded by his love of dragons as Hagrid was about his pets, so maybe he wasn’t exactly thinking of his father’s position through this whole ordeal, of which Harry was thankful for. And in any case, Charlie had a license to work with dragons, so if he were caught with Norbert the consequences would be much less severe than if anyone else were to be caught with one.

And speaking of…

They arrived to Hagrid’s hut to see him sniffling into a tablecloth-sized handkerchief, a rather large crate on wheels beside him shaking a bit ominously. Harry caught sight of a wisp of smoke emanating from it, and felt sweat beat down the back of his neck.

Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea.

000

“Wow, isn’t she a beauty!” Charlie Weasley looked exactly like Harry would’ve imagined for yet another Weasley brother, just buffer. Working with dragons was clearly hard on the body because he had biceps for days. Also, Harry had pegged him accurately as he seemed very much not concerned with the illegal situation they were involved in here, and more like an excited puppy to see the dragon in front of him.

Wait.

“She?” Neville blinked, also catching that in surprise.

“Yeah, she’s female Norwegian Ridgeback. Only a couple weeks, right? So cute!” He cooed at he peeked through the slats in Norbert—Norberta’s?—crate, which was far closer than Harry would’ve given the periodic fire-breathing and the insanely sharp talons that only seemed to stop scratching at the crate walls because Hagrid asked it to settle down politely.

Which is starting to make me think Hagrid has some kind of ability with animals, because since when could you reason with a baby dragon like you could a dog? You can’t even reason with human baby like that!

“Females are much more vicious than their male counterparts in this species you know, so the claw marks are a dead giveaway,” he chatted conversationally like they weren’t under a time crunch.

“You don’t say.” Draco deadpanned, but luckily Charlie seemed to miss it.

“Yep!” He turned, sympathizing with the teary-eyed Hagrid watching the exchange sadly. He patted his huge arm gently. “Don’t worry Hagrid, she’ll have a ton of space to grow and be free on the reserve, and I’ll send letters of her progress, I promise.”

“Jus’ so long as she won’ miss me too much,” He sniffled.

“Ah… well, as much as dragons can,” Charlie rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly, but thankfully Hagrid didn’t seem to notice as he busied himself flustering over the crate, making sure the baby fire-breather had his snacks and stuffies with it.

Although given the amount of stuffing that had fell from the crate on the way up here, Harry doubted the stuffies had made the trip up the stairs much less to Romania.

Given there was already a Cerberus in the castle, bringing in a dragon as well had seemed like a sketchy idea, but it had also been the perfect cover. A large, slightly shaking crate making rattling, scratching sounds and smoking slightly was suspicious as hell, but luckily Hagrid had managed to stick to their cover story when Professor Sprout had seen him entering the Great Hall with it and asked what it was.

‘Supplies for the third floor’, got her backing off immediately, not wanting to know what exactly Hagrid was choosing to feed Fluffy.

That was all Hagrid had to say and it worked just like Harry had thought it would—but it’d taken them all week to coach Hagrid into actually being able to tell that lie. They guy was too easy for his own good, but luckily Harry now knew Hagrid was far too honest a bloke to ever be a liar. Someone would have to have a lot of motivation to both convince, and then coach the groundskeeper to lie even just a little bit—and honestly, after going through it this week with him, if someone ever actually managed to get Hagrid to lie again, Harry would have to give them a round of applause rather than being upset by it because they’d managed to do the impossible, frankly.

As it was, Harry, Draco, and Neville had followed at a distance to ensure Hagrid actually made it to the third floor instead of chickening out and taking Norbert back to his hut, and he’d paused long enough a couple times that Harry knew if the man didn’t know they were following him, he probably would’ve done just that. It was because of that, that not even Draco put up a fuss when they followed him all the way to the forbidden third floor to ensure Hagrid met with Charlie properly for the exchange.

Draco and Neville had wondered why the third floor was forbidden, but Harry’s explanation of ‘one of Hagrid’s pets’ had silenced any further questioning on the topic. It almost made their shoulders hike up in tension as they glanced nervously around the floor for said mysterious pet, keeping close to Hagrid’s side while they were there in the faith the pet would at least be hesitant of eating its owner.

The third floor was dangerous considering Fluffy was really only kept in by a locked door (not even magically locked as Hagrid, his caretaker, wasn’t supposed to use magic and yet still needed to be able to get in to feed him) not to mention highly off limits. However, that also meant it was a perfectly safe location for an illegal exchange given no one but Hagrid had a legitimate excuse for being up here—not even Filch who Hagrid confirmed was ordered to keep kids away from this floor, but not actually set foot up here himself (a squib against a Cerberus was very bad odds, after all). The window they’d chosen to meet at had empty classrooms above and below it, and Charlie’s group of people he’d brought with him all knew how to disillusion themselves and Norbert’s crate so they wouldn’t be seen flying away on their brooms with a massive crate between them in broad daylight.

It was a good plan, but it could always be better. There was still a chance someone would see them fly off, hence the distraction.

Which, as Hedwig flew by the window in a graceful arc, before heading up towards Gryffindor tower, Harry knew the prank was in full-swing on the other side of the castle. She was an insanely intelligent bird (smarter than some humans Harry knew, honestly) so when he’d explained the situation she’d circled the castle all morning, waiting for the professors to be pulled towards the east side of the castle from whatever the twins had done. Flying by their window and up towards Gryffindor tower was the signal the coast was clear.

“That’s the signal—you all need to go. Thank you again for this Charlie, we really owe you.”

“It’s a pleasure! I’ll take good care of her, promise.” He flashed a wild grin, the guys accompanying him already having roped the crate to their brooms. “And it was nice to meet you Harry—watch out for the twins for me, they’re a handful!”

“You don’t have to tell me that,” he rolled his eyes, Charlie giving him a jovial laugh at they prepped to take off.

Harry waved them bye as they disappeared under their disillusionment charm and wind left out the window in the tell-tale sign, patting Hagrid’s arm as he sniffled loudly beside him.

“It’s for the best, Hagrid.” Neville mustered up the courage to comfort him as well, sympathetic if not able to understand exactly.

“I know… it’s jus’ hard—they grow up so fast!” He patted his eyes dry with his handkerchief, and Harry refrained from commenting while he continued to try and act as sympathetic as Neville. Draco seemed disturbed but thankfully didn’t say anything either.

After what he hoped was a reasonable amount of time to give him room to… grieve? Was that the right word? Anyway, they really needed to get moving because the prank wouldn’t keep the professors’ attention forever and if they weren’t caught leaving the third floor and could avoid detention, all the better. So, after a reasonable amount of time Harry poked and prodded Hagrid with Neville’s help until the man collected himself enough to put his handkerchief away and be lead from the third floor as quickly as they could cajole him to go.

On the upside, Harry was proven entirely correct in his paranoia when not ten meters away from the third floor exit, they were caught.

On the downside, Harry was proven entirely correct in his paranoia in that it was Snape standing there—beady eyes narrowed as he clearly realized where they were coming from.

On the other upside and not something Harry had seen coming, McGonagall was standing right next to the Potions professor when they were caught.

On the other downside, she looked way angrier than Snape did.

“What is going on here exactly?” McGonagall’s no-nonsense tone snapped out, sounding somehow both calm and collected and furious at the same time and Harry had no idea how she did that but very much wanted to learn.

Since it was his idea and it wasn’t just Snape, Harry opened his mouth before anyone else could get the chance to answer her.

“We may have gotten turned around and also maybe forgot the third floor was off limits and Hagrid was bringing a crate of something weird up there and he saw us so… are we in trouble?” He asked as innocently as he could—and received a very impressive death glare from both the Transfiguration and Potions professors almost as if they’d rehearsed it. “We were wandering! Do you know the kind of cool stuff that you can find in this castle!?”

“Mr. Potter this is unacceptable. Detention, am I clear?” McGonagall’s eyes were on fire, and Harry wilted. Okay… maybe her having caught him wasn’t an upside after all.

“Yes ma’am.” He agreed in a cowed tone—and he certainly felt it too. Not really as he’d never regret helping Hagrid, but still… he regretted disappointing her.

“You too, Mr. Longbottom. Whether this was your idea or not, being up there is forbidden for a very good reason and I’ll not have my lions doing anything that foolish again. The third floor is off limits due to its danger and getting lost after almost a year at this school is not an acceptable answer to putting yourselves in harm’s way.”

Neville cowered and nodded quickly, and she leaned off just as fast. It was clear to all present she held Harry mainly responsible… and well, she wasn’t wrong exactly.

“And you can join them, Mr. Malfoy.” Snape’s eyes narrowed at his godson, who pointedly did not react beyond nodding once respectfully. While he didn’t say it, the displeasure was most likely because he got caught more than anything.

Then again, Snape probably knew about Fluffy too. If Draco was to be believed and he actually did care about his godson, how close he probably unknowingly came to being eaten by a Cerberus was probably worth a couple detentions alone.

“Do any of you have classes right now?”

“No, we’re free for the day until Astronomy tonight.” Harry answered her curt tone, and she nodded once.

“Then you three will be coming to my office. I can take it from here, Hagrid.”

“Right,” The groundskeeper shifted, clearly seeming uncomfortable letting the first years who’d helped him get in trouble for his sake, but Draco elbowing him (which probably felt like a poke, if that to him) kept him quiet enough while they were pulled away.

“Severus, I trust you and Filius can handle the swamp on the fifth floor without me.”

“Indeed,” The Potions master drawled uncaringly, breaking off from where he’d been giving Draco a look to turn and walk the opposite direction, abandoning his godson to the displeased head of Gryffindor house.

It was as they were being lead down to McGonagall’s office that his ears finally caught up with him.

“Wait, what swamp on the fifth floor?”

What did the twins DO?

By the glare he got, he realized he probably wouldn’t be the one asking question for a while. He offered his favorite teacher a disarming smile and hoped she’d forgive him quickly.

000

“I hate you.”

“She does it because she cares. There’s a Cerberus up there—she doesn’t know that we know, so her assumption is we could’ve all been killed accidentally. She worries.” Harry defended McGonagall, even feeling less than charitable after spending no less than two hours hearing how much of an idiot he was for being on the third floor. Finally released from her clutches, Neville looked ready to pass out and even Draco seemed wiped.

Even after being scolded to hell and back by her, she was still his favorite adult by a long shot, so he felt obligated to defend her in her absence.

Despite his weariness, Draco did a double-take.

“Wait, a Cerberus?”

“Details, Draco.”

“An important detail!” He tossed his hands up exasperated. “You planned to get this detention.”

“I said there was a possibility. We had a solid excuse to remain innocent-ish but that wouldn’t save us from being up there in the first place if we were seen. It’s still a rule broken.”

Draco pinched the bridge of nose. “I’ve had my doubts, but you really are a Gryffindor, aren’t you? Doing it midday is gutsy—and arguably just flat out stupid.”

“Well, it worked. And you’ll have your notes, don’t worry.” He pat Draco’s shoulder reassuringly, before shooting another grin at a nauseous-looking Neville “And you can have my notes too—because I was really hoping you wouldn’t get caught in this, so sorry it happened.”

“And you didn’t care about me getting involved!?” Draco demanded in annoyance.

“No.” He huffed bluntly, and the Slytherin made a scoffing/choking sound which was dramatic enough to worm a tiny smile from Neville.

“It’s alright, Harry… it was to help Hagrid, so I don’t mind.” Neville assured him.

“In any case, I bet I can convince McGonagall to let us have the detention with Hagrid so it won’t be that bad.” Harry offered as an olive branch to the both of them. “I mean I hope it won’t. Hopefully we won’t need to deal with any of his pets.”

Both Gryffindor and Slytherin beside him sighed at that, almost in the exact same way.

Harry wondered if they’d be more mad at him if he pointed that out.

000

It was about the same time a hood figure dripping unicorn blood from its mouth was advancing on him in a creepy dark forest, that he realized maybe Neville and Draco had a point about his stupid Gryffindor tendencies getting him killed one day.





Chapter 27: Book 1 : Pride : 27




“Draco, I’m fine.”

“You are not fine.”

The two blonds over him, one silver, one gold, paused long enough to straighten up and look at each other in surprise that they’d said the same thing, at the exact same time, before Gryffindor and Slytherin united for once in turning on Harry with annoyance (and worry) written on both of their faces.

“You get lost in a dark forest we’re forbidden to be in on any other day of the year due to the crazy dangerous beasts in there during a time when some monster is killing unicorns-”

“-and come riding out on the back of a centaur after being attacked by a hooded figure, that was eating a unicorn immediately before you got there—”

“And you want to get snacks!?”

Harry wanted to be annoyed at them both, but the fact Neville and Draco seemed so caught up in yelling at him that they were acting as if they’d rehearsed that tirade had him shutting up and letting them get their fill of lambasting him for his life choices.

When they took a moment to breath, he cut in calmly.

“No I don’t want to get snacks, I’m frankly not that hungry, but I do want to talk to my friends for a moment because I almost died, again, and unfortunately we’d have to go off to our own dorms if we called it a night.” They were sitting (well, Harry was, the other two were pacing) in Hagrid’s hut, the groundskeeper off talking to the centaur who’d brought Harry back and checking the perimeter of the forest once more now that this had happened and it was clearly a who, not a what that was killing unicorns in the forbidden forest. It was very, very much past curfew and Draco couldn’t exactly get away with coming back to the Gryffindor dorm to freak out about this with them, and Harry didn’t really think leaving him alone to freak out about it was very wise either. So, Hagrid had let them use his hut under the guise that they needed a moment to calm down before going back for the night—they were still technically serving detention with him, so they were allowed to be out for now.

It wasn’t even a lie this time around—Draco and Neville seemed about ready to keel over from panic and Harry himself wasn’t feeling so hot after the scare that had been. Hagrid had given them rock cakes to try and settle their nerves, but as professor McGonagall had confirmed eating products of Transfiguration to be a very bad idea, they were really just holding them instead of eating them currently—although Draco looked half a second from chucking his at someone’s head he was so agitated.

And Harry really wasn’t feeling like taking the blame for this one or brushing it off like he had the broom incident. Yes it was kind of his fault he’d gotten separated from Hagrid, but Hagrid also had them split up? Like, that was a terrible idea and Harry really should’ve said it. They weren’t supposed to be in the forbidden forest in the first place because of the danger, yet when they get detention for being in a dangerous place they were sent to yet another dangerous place as punishment? I mean, in what world did that make sense!?

And then to split up—one group with Hagrid, who only had a crossbow and his size by the way, and two eleven-year-olds with a dog that was currently drooling on Harry’s lap instead of being concerned by anything happening around him? That was just a horrible idea! He’d been distracted by worrying how Neville and Draco would get along in their group, that he didn’t even consider until they were separated and very deep into the forest how stupid the whole situation was.

And then, when he’d turned around and didn’t see Hagrid, he realized he was screwed. He was screwed, because he was a first year alone in the forbidden forest at night—and oh yeah, why couldn’t they do this during the day again!?

He realized he was even more screwed when he’d then actually stumbled upon not an injured unicorn, but a dead unicorn and a hooded figure actively drinking its blood.

He’d wanted to see a unicorn ever since Hagrid told him about them… but not like that.

Losing Hagrid was on him, he’ll admit that even though still to this moment he had no idea how it’d happened. Hagrid was a hard guy to just lose, especially when it was just the two of them alone in a forest.

But everything else?

That wasn’t his fault, and he was still shaking slightly from how close that had been. He still only really knew Transfiguration spells and he’d been so shocked and alarmed by stumbling upon that scene and then having an unknown figure come at him like some freaky not-ghost, that he’d only really managed to trip on a tree root trying to back away quickly, and not a single useful spell had come to him in his panic. If Firenze hadn’t swooped in to scare the figure off…well, it hadn’t sunk in until much after the fact how truly close to dead he’d really been.

He didn’t know for certain what the figure had wanted, but his instincts said murdering him would’ve been high on its list of priorities, and Harry was not one to ignore his gut as it hadn’t failed him yet. If that thing could kill a unicorn, a super-fast ultra-magical being of pure goodness, then a measly first year was probably easy pickings.

Draco finally cooled it enough to put his rock cake back on Hagrid’s table and give him a searching look.

“Are you sure you’re okay? Whatever that thing was, if it could kill a unicorn, it’s powerful.” He frowned deeply.

“I know that. It didn’t actually touch me, magically or otherwise.” Harry assured him, gripping his own rock cake a little harder. “It didn’t look like it even had a wand.”

“That’s not necessarily a good thing—if it’s not a witch or wizard it could be a number of any less humanoid creatures.” He fretted.

“We need to tell Dumbledore—or someone,” Neville reminded them.

“Hagrid definitely will, and I’d be shocked if all the professors weren’t made aware before breakfast tomorrow.” Harry pointed out. “There isn’t really much we can do for tonight.”

“But this is the second time someone has actively tried to kill you. The third time you’ve almost died! And you dismissed me worrying about the broom incident!” Draco accused him.

Harry hated to admit he had a point, and sighed.

“Well there wasn’t anything we could do then, and there isn’t really anything we can do now, either. The teachers will know, and I’m sure they’ll put more effort into scouring the forest now that whatever killed the unicorns is proven not to be an animal of some kind. If the two were related, then they’ll catch the culprit and that’ll be that.”

“Fine! Then—then let’s at least go to the Hospital wing, right? Get a calming draught or something!”

“I don’t want a calming draught,” Harry was getting frustrated, gripping the rock cake harder for a moment before setting it down the table with a dull thud. “Draco, I didn’t want to talk to you to strategize.”

“Then what?”

Harry could not believe this boy, and stared at him openly as if that would drive it home.

Thankfully, Neville had fallen quiet and seemed to figure it out. He stopped pacing and went up to Harry to take his hand for once instead of it always being the other way around, and Harry shot him a tired, thankful smile as he held on just a bit tighter to stop his fingers from shaking.

Draco finally caught on… and his ears turned a bit pink.

The Slytherin plopped down on the excessively large chair beside him and leaned into his shoulder in his own form of comfort, and Harry took a couple deep breathes to let the excitement of the night seep away.

000

“Ibi.”

Daphne’s wand did the motion correctly, but Harry watched the two objects she was trying to switch only wobble without actually moving.

“What kind of power are you using? Like, as much as you’d need for Avifors or more like for Flintifors?” He questioned curiously.

“Probably more than Flintifors,” She frowned, as if she hadn’t considered that. It was only logical to assume every spell after the first they’d learned in Transfiguration would get progressively harder, which was true except harder didn’t always mean more power. More complicated, was probably a better way to put it.

“I think that might be it. This spell needs power somewhere in the middle of those two—start off with a medium-range of power, like half of what you’d use for Flintifors, and then halfway through the wand movement just relax. Let the second half of it be delicate, like the Avifors spell.” He explained, and she frowned more deeply, considering that. She gave it another shot with no results, but tried it a dozen more times trying to get the power right—

--and suddenly the two buttons switched places. She blinked in surprise and smirked.

“So, you really do know what you’re talking about.”

“It’s been known to happen sometimes,” he flashed her a playful grin. “Just practice that until it’s second nature, but you’ve got it.”

“Well… that was honestly easier than I thought it’d be.” She admitted, tapping her wand distractedly on the table. “I’m thinking maybe I got the bad end of this deal.”

“Is it really? How long would you have kept doing what you were doing in hopes it’d somehow work eventually when you could be using that time to study for other classes?” Given midterms were only days away, he’d gotten quite a bit of subtle approaches from various houses alike asking for Transfiguration help. Neville got free help in exchange for being the one keeping Harry’s Herbology grades looking pretty (and because Neville really deserved it after putting up with Harry—period) and Draco had both Transfiguration notes from the Norberta deal and extra lessons in exchange for keeping him afloat in Potions. Even Lu, who was a year older yet fully aware Harry was beyond second year Transfiguration at this point, had traded some tips in exchange for a Charms lesson for Harry himself—and the Ravenclaw, as expected, was a fantastic teacher.

Most others got turned away without something good to exchange, including Blaise who was still loudly annoyed about it. Particularly because Daphne had smiled almost at the Zabini heir as she offered her own deal, and Harry had accepted it immediately.

It was too good a deal to pass up, and going off of Blaise’s sharp comments, it was entirely on purpose.

So far, Daphne had been a wealth of information that really didn’t cost her anything to give away, just like it didn’t cost Harry anything to give her some feedback on her Transfiguration work. Their agreement was working out fantastically for the both of them, and she was way more normal so far as Slytherins went, so Harry was actually really enjoying talking to her.

Not just because she was giving him a beginner’s course in Slytherin politics. All those tiny details Harry wasn’t privy to as an outsider, yet every Slytherin started at Hogwarts already knowing.

Like what the family alignments really meant.

Like why Blaise was the untouchable Slytherin.

Like why he hated Daphne so much (she was almost gleeful when explaining that one, and Harry was very amused to learn about it to be honest).

He even learned the real reputation behind the Malfoy family and realized it was far more complicated than he could’ve ever imagined. Turns out them being grey was probably fitting—they really did not care about anything but money and power, as a defined trait, and Dark and Light connections were always just a means to an end.

He knew Draco wasn’t… entirely like that, but it certainly gave him a lot more perspective on some of Draco’s sharper qualities.

It also explained why he was so twisted up in knots every time he had to write home to his parents—it sounded like a freaking mine-field to navigate, which had to be hard considering he very much did actually love them as his parents on top of needing to be on his toes with them.

Slytherins were weird.

In any case, he was thrilled to finally have a solid source to learn all about the Slytherin subtleties that had been going over his head so far, and Daphne wasn’t losing anything by telling him what her whole house already knew. It was a nice arrangement, and as she nodded to his point he considered what question he wanted to ask next, and it came rather easy.

“Okay, my turn. Tell me about the Slytherin first years—I know almost nothing about them so far beyond who will talk to me. Like, why does Tracy hate me? You said her family wasn’t even that involved in the last war.”

Daphne pursed her lips, considering that. “Hm, that’s a tough one, and I’m even her best friend. She’s a half-blood, which is already kind of dubious in our house, but her mom is the muggleborn and really, really hated her parents so she was full-in to the magic-is-better thing when she got to Hogwarts despite not being pureblood herself. So yeah, her mom was raised with muggles but I don’t think has ever talked about the muggle world since entering the magical one. Tracy grew up pretty much exactly like any pureblood would because of it.”

Harry couldn’t even fault Mrs. Davis for that—he legitimately got it considering how he was pretending the Dursleys didn’t exist right now.

“Tracy already has it hard, being a half-blood in Slytherin. I mean it’s not exactly uncommon, but it puts you at a disadvantage that you don’t have the old family status to fall back on if you mess up in the politics of it all. People really don’t talk about their blood status if they’re not pureblood until like third year, because at least by then they should have their own reputation to work with. The Davis family wasn’t really involved in the last war, but the bits they were involved with were definitely dark, which puts them skewed in that direction. I don’t think Tracy really hates you, but she’s certainly not gonna outwardly like you until she’s got more status and can get away with it.”

“She’s leaning on her family’s allegiance for now.” He put together, Daphne nodding once in confirmation.

“Plus, another level to this is that Pansy really hates you and she’s kinda the queen bee of our year. She really is a total pureblood, and as dark as they come, so if you were planning on trying to cozy up to all of Slytherin house eventually, I’d leave her off the list.”

Harry blinked at that, surprised. “So Tracy is following Pansy’s lead and Pansy hates me because her family does?”

Daphne tilted her head, long black hair pooling over her shoulder, and she took a moment to push it back to give herself a moment to think of her answer. “Yes, technically. But there’s definitely more—Pansy would hate you because her parents have told her to hex the hell out of you if she ever gets the chance to, and you’re a half-blood on top of it all. She’s one of the worst when it comes to blood status, so being The Boy Who Lived aside, she’d think higher of dog crap than she would of you just because of it.”

“Wow, sounds like a charming gal.” Harry raised his brows pointedly.

“Yep.” She hummed, popping her lips slightly as she said it. “Also the fact that she had her whole life planned out before everything changed right before the start of this year. Her parents were in an alliance with the Malfoys and when the Malfoys went grey, I heard they cut it off dead. She’s as ambitious as anyone, so she was fully intending to marry into their family—which definitely would’ve been considered marrying up— and live out her days as part of one of the oldest, purest, and richest families in magical Britain. The fact she essentially got dumped before she even got on the train probably stung her pride quite a bit.”

Harry could only stare.

Marry into… wait.

“She was supposed to marry Draco!?” He balked. “Wait—arranged marriages are a thing!?”

Daphne smirked, shrugging once. “Not really, exactly, but old families with a lot on the line if they let someone unworthy marry into their family tend to have a vested interest in making sure it works out in the end, and they wouldn’t be Slytherins if there weren’t deals going on in the background to make sure everyone got something out of the arrangement. I’m sure Pansy was told since birth to get close to Draco, and I’m sure Draco’s parents talked her up quite a bit until recently. I know they were childhood friends, and purebloods don’t have playdates unless their parents are up to something.”

Okay, Harry was officially baffled by Slytherins. He took it back, no matter how close it’d been, he was definitely right to belong to Gryffindor because that was a bit much, even for him.

Also, Pansy and Draco?

For some reason he wanted to laugh hysterically at the thought.

Daphne put her chin on her hand, seeming to be visibly entertained by his reaction.

“Your expression is quite amusing, you know that?”

“I really don’t want to think too closely on that, it’s a bit too involved even for me.” He shuddered.

“Hey, you asked.” She rolled her eyes. “Who else? Pansy, Malfoy, Blaise, and myself are the only big players of our year. Nott’s family is well refined pureblood, but dark as hell—or, really his father is, as his mother died years ago. It’s actually really surprising he’ll even get anywhere near you, as I’d have pegged him to be as bad as Pansy prior to actually meeting him. He doesn’t talk to anyone, not even in-house, so… who really knows with him?” Harry perked up in interest, but he was content to figure Nott out himself and waved her off, so she continued. “You probably heard about Crabbe and Goyle… so uh, not much to say.”

“I’ve heard a bit more about the rocks in Hagrid’s garden,” he said politely, and she scoffed.

“There’s probably isn't more to say, honestly. They too, were aligned with the Malfoys before the start of this year and got called off—their parents are dark but I really wouldn’t worry too much about them. They do as they’re told and Draco’s told them to keep to themselves, which they have pretty well so far.” She leaned back, stretching a bit as she continued distractedly.

“You already know Zabini, so I’m not going there again. His family is ‘new’ to Britain but his roots go all the way back to the Roman Empire, so he’s a freak outlier.”

Harry snickered at that.

“Other girls my year are Millicent Bulstrode and Elizabeth Hearth, both half-bloods themselves who are firmly under Pansy’s wing so don’t bother for a while. I don’t have a good read on them but they do anything Pansy says and seem to enjoy hanging out with her so probably avoid them if you can—either they’re as twisted as she is or just great actors for self-preservation, I’m not sure. The last is Melinda Lyles, and she’s a pureblood rooming with Tracy and I. She’s only recently pureblood, so far back as her grandparents, her great-grandfather being muggle actually. It’s a bit of a sting on her family reputation, but she’s still a pureblood and still knows exactly what she’s doing, keeping her head down this year and such. She was clever to room with Tracey and me, avoiding Pansy at all cost, at least. She has her own thing going on, clearly busy plotting something I’m not aware of, so I’m not sure if she’d be interested in you at all, but she probably wouldn’t avoid talking to you if you had something worth trading—she’s pretty good at Transfiguration herself though so your notes probably won’t get you as far as you’d think.”

Talking to Daphne was always extremely helpful, as she could spit out a wealth of information like it was nothing, giving you all the important bits with no hassle or skirting around details like other Slytherins might. She didn’t withhold stuff because she wanted an advantage later: their deal was to trade Transfiguration help for information, and so she paid her debt fully, with nothing held back just to be clever and witty about it. Her explanations also gave Harry a great perspective into the type of information Slytherins deemed critical—Harry likely wouldn’t have asked to clarify if Melinda Lyles was pureblood or if she was plotting something right now, but that was clearly vital information to have from a Slytherin point of view. So, Daphne had not only provided him that information, but also the implication that that information was important.

It also told him that the amount of information any casual Slytherin would know about someone else’s family history was actually terrifying. She said she better represented the average Slytherin compared to the likes of Draco or Blaise, but if she was his example of “normal” then he was still slightly terrified of what the snake house could do with a few dregs of gossip here and there.

“Does that satisfy your curiosity?” She lifted an eyebrow.

“One more thing, on the pureblood topic.” He needled politely and she nodded once, but he could tell his favor was just about used up. “You put a lot of emphasis on old pureblood and new pureblood but uh, what?”

She gave a great sigh. “Ask the easy questions, huh?” She rolled her eyes at the most charming grin that he could muster in attempt to convince her. “Fine, but pay attention because I’m only going over this once and there are a lot of names I’m about to spit at you.”

He whipped out a piece of paper and quill and poised himself to take notes and she smirked in amusement at his enthusiasm.

“Okay, here goes nothing. There’s something called the sacred 28, which is a directory published in the 1930s that outlines all the ‘truly pureblood’ families. You’ll find a lot of families, particularly those listed on it, buy into it to an extreme extent and are really proud of it, but there’s a ton wrong with it. For one, its suspected to have been written by a Nott—Cantankerous Nott— who had a lot of personal issues with some of the families at the time and so it was entirely biased around his perspective. For example, he considered the Ollivander family as part of the 28 and yet the matriarch of the family at the time was a muggleborn, so clearly he didn’t know about it when he wrote it. Pertinent to you, he left off the Potter family because Henry Potter, the patriarch at the time, was really pro-muggle despite marrying a pureblood in the end—also his son Charles Potter married Dorea Black and the Blacks are one of the most tyrannical families ever about pureblood status so if Dorea married Charles then there’s no way there was ever a drop of muggle blood in the Potter family before then. Still, Cantankerous had issues with Henry so the Potters were excluded—other very pureblood families such as the Crabes, Goyles, Lances, Edwards, Murphys, Carters, Wrights, and-- relevant to you--the Monroes were left off because he had feuds with them at the time despite having been proven true purebloods in the years since.”

She took a breath and Harry was thankful because he couldn’t write that fast.

Also, how do you spell ‘Cantankerous’!?

“The 28 also has issues because some of the families included in it outright rejected it—for example the Weasleys and Macmillans very openly claimed to have muggle heritage they were proud of, that Nott flat out ignored. They got the title of ‘blood traitors’ for being on the list and yet rejecting it, so if you hear people say that, that’s why. Aside from them, the 28 is kind of the gold standard of original purebloods in Britain, although several names on it are clear outliers as being way older than just the 1930s. Names like Potter, Gaunt, Prewett, Malfoy, Longbottom, and Black. There are others of course but those are the ones almost anyone can trace centuries prior the 28 being published. Everyone not on the list that is still considered pureblood is new blood so to speak, meaning they got that status after the 1930s, like my family.

And just because I’m nice, I’ll tell you about a special little subsection of the list that took the pride of being part of the 28 to new heights—meaning the families that were so tyrannical about being pureblood that they actually resorted to inbreeding within their family just to avoid anyone they deemed contaminated with muggle blood. Those would be the Blacks, the Lestranges, and the Gaunts. I would really avoid any of them if I were you.”

Harry paused in his notes.

“…and what exactly do you know about Sirius Black, then?”

Daphne’s haughty expression dropped, her face flickering in realization before settling on a calm mask.

“You’ve definitely used up your favor by now.”

Harry didn’t really respond to that, because she was right. He just finished his notes in silence… and eventually she gave a light sigh.

“Well… I warned you about those three families because inbreeding in a magical family leads to insanity within only a couple generations, or so it’s said. No one from any of those families in recent years has been at all sane with the exception of the few that got out quickly.” She pressed her lips, unsure. “Sirius Black was a huge deal—and I mean a huge deal—when he was at Hogwarts because he was the only Black ever to be sorted into Gryffindor. And the Black family pre-dates the founding of Hogwarts by like a lot, so that’s a confirmed fact.”

Harry looked up, surprised by that. Did that mean…?

She saw his face, and gave him a grim shake of her head. “Inbreeding leads to insanity, Harry. It was a big deal he was in Gryffindor, yeah, but the fact he went insane and killed a bunch of muggles shocked pretty much no one.” She winced. “And, even if he weren’t back then… he’s been in Azkaban for over a decade now. Normal people go insane in Azkaban. He’s a Black… he never stood a chance.”

Harry tried not to let it show on his face how it felt like the hope that had fluttered to life in his chest was being ground under her heel right now, but he wasn’t sure how successful he was given by how she politely gave him a moment by bending down to pick up her bag and arrange her books back around in preparation to leave.

Thankfully it only took him a moment to pull himself together again.

“Well, thank you for your information, Ms. Greengrass. If you ever need help with another spell I’m sure I can think of more questions to ask.”

“I’m sure you can,” She flashed him a grin as she stood. “As it is, I think I’m good for midterms. We’ll see when finals season comes around.”

“Don’t be a stranger before then or I might think you’re just using me for my notes.” He playfully pouted and she laughed quietly (it was the library after all) as she left him be.

“Until next time, Mr. Monroe.”

“Until then,” he waved her off, and slumped back down onto the library table he was studying at when she disappeared around a bookshelf.

He put his head down on his open book and tried to imagine that mental landscape that was supposed to calm him.

000

He eventually decided on a graveyard, as morbid at that sounded.

But like, a nice graveyard. With huge billowing willow trees with tiny white flowers the size of a sickle each, only billions of them fluttering on the wavy branches and their tiny petals flooding the air, smelling like earth and that delicate sweet fragrance only natural wildflowers could conjure. The grass was longish but still well-tended, giving it a natural feel since it was penned in by a low stone wall covered in thick swatches of moss and curling ivy clinging here and there. The entrance was an iron gate, gothic in style and tall enough to quadruple his height, framed with cracked white marble that had the same regal, ominous feel Gringotts managed to pull off.

Every detail was important, when imagining a mindscape, or so the books Hermione had given him had told him.

So he went through every detail, mentally outlining every crack in the willow tree’s bark, exactly how many there were in his graveyard (13) where exactly they were planted, which ones had flowers growing around them, where the tiny fountain he thought would be a nice addition would be placed, exactly how many stepping stones there were resting, semi-overgrown in the thick, lush yard leading to each grave, and so forth. Even the bee hives that lived in one particular tree, and the fox den beneath another, and the rival squirrel families that lived in two neighboring trees in the corner. He knew what kind of weather this place had, with it’s lush springs and crispy winters, it’s rainy autumns and mild sunny summers. He knew where puddles would form during thunderstorms, and where weeds would sprout first if he didn’t tend to his mindscape properly, which plants the bugs would start to eat first, and which graves tended to collect dirt more easily than others. He knew what kinds of birds like to stop by to visit, what time of year the flowers stopped blooming on the trees, and how many branches they tended to lose during storms and heavy snows.

He knew everything about his graveyard, and everything outside of it didn’t matter.

And of course, there were the graves themselves.

It seemed like a bad idea, to bury things like he did, but it wasn’t… exactly like that. A grave was a place to stand before, and remember. To be introspective, about whoever’s grave it was you were standing in front of. You didn’t think about Herbology homework when you were standing in front of your mother’s grave, after all. When you were standing in front of your mother’s grave, things tended to be put in a little more perspective, and it made things a bit clearer.

It also helped him fully… accept? Was that the word? Did he accept she was gone when he was standing in front of the grave he himself has imagined for her? When he could sit in front of her grave that was light grey stone carved with curls and dragonfly etches, planting lilies and white daisies in the earth in front of it, and just exist there in a beautiful graveyard with her grave to talk to with no one in the world there to listen to him spilling his heart out for her? She couldn’t hear him anyway—she was dead.

And this was all just in his mind, after all.

And his father had a grave too. It felt… clearer, somehow, separating the graves although they were definitely laid side by side. He never met them after all, he didn’t know what they’d say to him much less what they’d say to each other, so imagining him talking to a grave was a lot easier than imagining actual people (strangers) trying to talk to him, or talk to each other. With separate graves he could talk like he could believe their spirits were somehow hearing what he was saying—the magic of a graveyard’s illusion making it feel like for some reason they would hear him better if he were saying it to their headstones rather than literally anywhere else in the world. Like they were somehow closer to the living world when he was in a place designed specifically for them, and the memorials to their deaths.

It was realistic, in a way. Talking to two graves separately, with this half-hearted hope they were somehow hearing him, and yet in reality it was him talking to a stone that could never answer him back. It suited his mindscape, because if this were a real graveyard they would never be able to respond—and just because this was a graveyard in his mind, didn’t make that any less true.

Sirius Black had a grave, in his mind.

This one was rather dull, as he didn’t actually know the man besides that one glimpse in the mirror. That tiny, diamond paw-print clip that had never actually been clipped to his hair was resting on top the blank, dark granite headstone, and bluestar flowers blanketed the ground around it in a thick carpet he could kneel on when he mustered up the courage to visit. He didn’t visit often, because he didn’t know what to say to a man he both missed and hated… maybe he was just mourning an imaginary man’s memory, but that was really all he could do.

What was weirder and yet no less fitting were the graves for the living people he actually knew. Neville had one, and it was filled with as many flowers as Harry could think of and find space for around the gleaming gold-speckled, white marble masterpiece he had built. Again, it was morbid, but he imagined the coffin beneath the ground here to be solid gold, and despite the grave of his mind being unable to answer, he found himself talking most freely to this one and always feeling like he was being listened to very, very closely. Despite the fact the headstone never spoke back or gave away what was actually buried here.

Draco had one, and it was sleek white, studded artfully with accents of pure silver and the ground before it solid black-and-white marble instead of being earth for him to plant things, but he often lay there and wrote letters against the solid surface instead of speaking, as it was somehow easier to formulate his words that way—and carefully formulating his words for those conversations seemed extremely critical. It felt like he'd left hundreds of letters there over time, and every time he returned they were gone.

Blaise had one. Well, Blaise had a mausoleum and when Harry visited he could only appreciate the decadent architecture.

Nott had one, and it was made of thin wood with a bouquet of wilting white heather flowers wrapped in a tan cloth sitting before its otherwise unmarked memorial.

The twins had one each, but they were closer than most other graves, and nearly identical. Actually, the headstones were identical but every time Harry figured out another difference between them, he’d run to the right one and place down a new decoration for it. A chocolate bar or a new orange flower that just seemed to suit one of them or something. Theirs was a work in progress.

McGonagall had one, larger than those around it but perfect to lean against, getting comfy to read through his mental notes for the day and take more notes as they came to him. For some reason he found a lot of clarity there, on more technical subjects.

Dell had one, as his favorite adopted ancestor, and it was just a single large river stone with her name elegantly etched on top, set at the base of a miniature fig tree with colorful swatches of different fabrics tied to every tiny branch for a truly wild art piece near the center of his graveyard.

Even the Dursleys had one—but it was unmarked and they only reason he knew it was there was… well, because it was his mind and he knew it was there. But he only ever visited to make sure the grass he’d ripped up from the bare spot on the otherwise beautiful garden hadn’t grown back—and if it had he made sure to stomp on it until it died again, to leave the spot muddy and barren. It was also a mass grave for all he cared, because the three of them were down there and he did not care to spare even a single thought to consider in what order they were buried.

Was this morbid?

Yes, probably. It probably also said a lot about his sanity and state of mind, to be honest.

But it worked. Because every time Ron ticked him off he could run to the youngest Weasley’s grave and scrawl rude things over his dusty grey memorial with a sharpie, or chuck a mental tomato at it as hard as he could, and the sheer disrespect of the motion was always so satisfying. Also, the mental image of dancing rudely on someone’s grave was surprisingly calming when you currently wanted to strangle them into a real grave in real life.

Harry had found Potions class much easier to get through when he could imagine bottling up his potions and taking them back to his graveyard, pouring them all over the ground before Snape’s sleek black headstone. He knew the man actually legitimately liked potions enough that it felt like spitting on his grave, but worse, and for some reason it really helped keep his flaring temper at how unfair the man could be in check. Probably the fact that even imagining taking revenge could make him so happy was probably not healthy, but he wasn’t asking to be psychoanalyzed, thanks.

Everyone had a grave in his mind, even people he was still working out had unmarked, unremarkable graves until he could settle pieces about them in his mind, creating better adornments with time. He would change the shape and color of their headstone, plant new flowers or leave different gifts, removing old things and refreshing bouquets as needed. Needing to walk through his graveyard to find their stone focused his mind, and figuring out how to decorate it was cathartic. Visiting, even once he knew exactly how the grave should look, always felt different each time, like it really was a visit he’d taken to relieve his soul of something on his mind that only talking to their grave could fix.

For most of the graves, they were real people he could go talk to.

But that wasn’t the point of his graveyard.

He’d told Hermione how helpful her books had been, and she’d been happy to track down the next one in the series for him, but he hadn’t read it yet. It had started talking about what’s outside his graveyard, and he somehow just knew he wasn’t ready for it. He spent most of his time perfecting his graveyard these days, making sure it was just right.

He’d get to what was outside his iron gate another day.

000

“Hey, Neville.”

A blond head perked up from behind a bush of slightly bioluminescent flowers, taking a neat step back and holding his watering can closer to his chest in surprise someone had actually come to visit him in the greenhouses this late in the evening. Harry initially thought he’d surprised him, which he had, but Neville’s tense posture was actually revealed to be likely because of the bush in front of him that seemed to be actively trying to grab at him. So, Harry might’ve just incidentally interrupted his friend during a particularly dangerous gardening moment.

Oops, my bad.

“Harry! What are you doing here?”

“Oh, I like to bother people, didn’t you know?” He teased lightly, and Neville offered him an amused smile as the redhead came to stand beside him and look curiously at the bush he’d been tending to.

“I’m just weeding and watering some, it’s not very interesting.”

“Well I can keep you company then.” Harry offered, squinting as he got a good look at the bush. “Do… do those flowers have teeth?”

“They’re Biting Bogberries, and those teeth will break if they bite you so don’t let them bite you. It won’t hurt you much but when they're full grown the fangs are the medicinal part.” He explained, and Harry always loved hearing Neville talk about Herbology. Mainly because he spoke with solid sentences without a waver to his voice to be heard, and it was refreshing.

“Right, so it’s not me you’re worried about, it’s the flowers.”

Neville’s smile neither confirmed nor denied the implication. “In a nice way, of course.”

Harry snickered, content to sit back and watch him return to his watering session while gloved hands carefully avoided getting any water droplets in the flowers many, many chomping mouths. It was rather quiet apart from the sprinkle of water hitting soft earth, as predictably the flowers’ pointed teeth were young and made of a plant-like material, so their incessant chomping didn’t make much noise.

As Neville finished he moved on to another plant Harry didn’t recognize and started weeding, and as that seemed less dangerous he prodded him into an easy conversation—with midterms over and finals still plenty far enough away that no one was even thinking about them (aside from the fifth years, who’d been obsessing over OWLs since September, actually) most people had gone their own ways to pursue their different interests without being too concerned over needing to study every spare hour they had. That meant Harry had been playing a lot of quidditch and football and Neville had all but disappeared into the greenhouses for the past two weeks. Even the Slytherins had been sequestered in their dorms more often than not, and Daphne told him some serious plotting and scheming was going on that they were all very preoccupied with—him being a weird Gryffindor who sat at their table had lost its novelty at some point so they were on to better things apparently.

On the one hand it was nice, because he could actually hang out with Draco not just at mealtimes (and when the boy had the time) without getting glared at constantly. On the other hand, he was now aware that these last months of the school year were crunch time for Slytherins. For them, first years weren’t players really because they had no position on the board yet, but now was the time to situate yourself in the snake house, and if you didn’t do it well enough then the summer could disrupt a lot of carefully laid plans if you didn’t prepare properly. Apparently now was the opportune time to enact the plans they’d been laying all year and how they fell would determine what kind of position they were in next year. And for first years who got a by since they didn’t even know they were in Slytherin until last September, the pressure was on because now they had no excuse and this would set a precedent for how they would be positioned politically for the next six years at Hogwarts—if you messed up it was possible to regain status eventually, but you’d be working at a disadvantage from here on out.

And Slytherins hated working at a disadvantage. They’d rather not play at all than go into a fight without the upper hand, but this wasn’t exactly avoidable so things were a bit tense over there for the time being.

Therefore, Draco was understandably preoccupied these days. Harry hadn’t seen hide nor hair of Nott since the week before midterms, and even Blaise didn’t stick around at the Slytherin table as long as he used to—he was the only one who gleefully told Harry he was working on a personal project, but Harry assumed that was because the untouchable Slytherin was confident in the fact that no one would be able to stop him even if rumors did get out that he was up to something.

As if anyone in Slytherin would be stupid enough to think anyone wasn’t up to something in what was apparently plotting-season for the snake house.

And, well, technically I’m part of it too. I’ve been plotting operation fox all year, and now is the time to put it into play if I could just figure out my next move. He mused to himself.

He had every tool he needed to at this point, he just needed the inspiration to strike. He had the skill at Transfiguration to pull this off(he’d paid back his first favor to the twins by giving them Transfiguration help for their upcoming finals, which they were highly entertained by), now he just needed to pick the perfect spell to do it with, and he couldn’t quite decide where to go with it.

There was only a couple months left in the school year though, so he needed to pick something fast. He was hoping inspiration would simply hit him, but he hadn’t had any luck with that tactic so far and was really feeling the time crunch.

In the mean time he was happy to check on his friends who’d disappeared off into their corners. Dean, Seamus, and Lu had fast become the three musketeers in concerns to all things football, and Harry’s idea of having mock games had gone surprisingly well. It was very chill, no pressure for those who weren’t into it and also because there was no point into actually winning, but making it an “official” club game had churned up the fire in those who were actually inherently competitive and the club had gotten heated for a while.

Susan, as it turns out, was a bloody monster and the fact she wasn’t on the Hufflepuff quidditch team was a blessing to the Gryffindor seeker who knew he’d have been knocked off his broom already from how into a game she got. Luckily her chosen sport was football and just this year she’d improved enough to jump from the beginners games up to the non-beginners, and she was absolutely ruthless.

Harry was sure he still had bruises on his shins from how hard she’d kicked him and to this day he wasn’t sure if that was legal or not but they didn’t exactly have referees so he kind of just had to live with it. The only person who dared argue with her was Lu, and it’d been all year and the Ravenclaw had no success convincing her of anything so far so… Harry called that a losing battle and didn’t bring it up.

Harry enjoyed football but even he could only take so much strategizing and calculating about the next game that wasn’t even on the schedule yet, so he let the three musketeers do their own thing with the club for now. Susan and Hannah (and the Hufflepuffs in general) were always joys to talk with, but he realized he’d probably been spending more meals with them than not, and he hadn’t seen Neville in what felt like ages.

Neville himself had all but disappeared, and it was only a lot of poking and prodding from Harry that got him to admit that Professor Sprout had asked him to officially help out in the greenhouses as an actual assistant. Apparently she had other hands available to help out, but they were two fifth years and one seventh year and the fifth years were all but drowning from OWL prep which in turn meant she was quite busy as well. She’d asked Neville to tend to a lot of the third-year level plants and below so she could focus on the more complicated plants, which meant the blond really had this greenhouse to himself for the time being.

He was red as a tomato when Harry had gushed over how exciting that was, but his tiny embarrassed smile was all the proof needed for how much he actually really enjoyed the responsibility, telling Harry all about how the work was far more interesting, if not more tricky than anything they were learning in class. So, Neville was quietly getting ahead in his own way despite every other subject being a struggle for him, and unlike a Slytherin or even Harry, he wasn’t even using it to get ahead.

In fact, Harry was pretty sure he was the only one who knew Neville was one of Sprout’s assistants right now, and while he wanted to scream it from the Astronomy tower that his quiet friend was brilliant and absolutely not the horrible things people sometimes called him behind his back, he also knew Neville himself had no interest in flaunting his abilities or getting that kind of attention in any way. The fact he hadn’t even told Harry until he’d had to track the boy down and wrestle the truth out of him said a lot, after all. Harry wouldn’t betray his shy friend by going out and telling everyone like Neville so clearly feared he would (and he admittedly really, really wanted to), but he didn’t!

But it was frustrating, when he was an extrovert who wanted to punch people in the face when they called Neville a squib loud enough that there was no way they didn’t intend for him to hear it. It drove him insane that Neville himself would just quietly turn bright red and keep his head down, and that even when Harry asked him later if he was alright, he’d just deny having heard them say anything. Protecting his bullies because he knew the second he asked it of his louder friend, Harry would use his budding prodigal Transfiguration skills to make their lives hell, if not actually punch them in the face like a muggle.

Harry did not want a reputation as a bully, but the fact that Neville hid things from him to protect people was a problem. Both because that implied Neville thought he was a lunatic who’d attack people without hesitation (which, you know, fair) and also because it meant Neville felt like he couldn’t share things with Harry and that really got him on edge.

He’d been working on it, but no such luck so far with the shyest Gryffindor, who still just smiled at him and promised him everything was okay any time he tried to ask.

“Have you ever considered being a healer, Neville?” He blurted out, the two of them crouching over a low bed of tiny sprouting plants with a soft pinkish tinge to their baby leaves as Neville carefully weeded between them.

The blond pause long enough to glance at him as if wondering why he’d ask that. “A healer?”

“You clearly know the parts of a plant, and a lot about the medicinal properties of it all. I mean it just struck me as a thought that you might like it, not saying you should or anything.”

His face crumpled into a frown as he just bent his head again to keep weeding, a long minute of silence passing while he gave it thought. That was progress Harry had made—learning to shut the hell up and just wait him out, and now Neville was very comfortable with taking all the time he needed to formulate his words without fear Harry was going to talk over him, safe in the knowledge Harry would sit there and wait until he was good and ready to speak.

Eventually…

“Knowing about plants is all and well I guess, but I’d have to have top marks in things like Potions and Charms to be a healer. Charms is one thing, but I will never be good at Potions.”

“I’m sure you could make a trade…” Harry offered as delicately as he could, knowing Neville knew exactly where he was going by the sharp look he got. He pressed forward anyway. “Slytherins like trades, and you’re clearly top of our class at Herbology even if you hide it from everyone. You could trade Herbology notes for tutoring in Potions from someone like, say, Draco—and you and I can work on Charms together! Or maybe work out a trade with Lu as I’m not exactly the best Charms student admittedly,” He winced, remembering to study harder for his Charms final as the midterm hadn’t been the most fun experience ever. He quickly brushed it off. “I mean if you don’t want to that’s one thing, but if it’s something you can fix that’s stopping you, it just seems a shame. I just thought… it was weird as hell, the whole situation, but we all worked together pretty well with Norbert, don’t you think?”

Neville did not look at him while he worked for a solid five minutes, and Harry was positively fidgeting in his seat by the time he spoke again.

“I don’t think potions is for me.”

Okay, that was a LONG pause for just that.

“Neville…” But the blond still refused to look up at him, and Harry sighed. “… it’s absolutely okay if the answer is yes, but you don’t like Draco, do you?”

“I have nothing against Draco.” That answer came fast, but Harry wasn’t buying it.

“But you do against his reputation? His house?”

“His family.” Neville seemed almost as surprised as Harry was that he’d actually admitted that, and he quickly ducked his head again to avoid the piercing green gaze following him. He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Not… well, he has one aunt that…”

His jaw clenched and unclenched almost by force, and he had to stop weeding for a second to steady himself before busying himself dusting the dirt of the edge of the flower bed, which incidentally had him facing pointedly away from Harry to do it. “All purebloods are sort of related. We all know about each other in some way.” He finally got out.

Harry knew that… he also knew Neville was pureblood, he just also kinda forgot it most days. But he did in fact know he was a pureblood, and not just a pureblood… if Daphne’s lessons were to be believed, his family was just as pristine and long-lived as the Malfoys. The kind of blood that pre-dated Hogwarts and Merlin himself by like a lot. Old, old magic and history and tradition that Harry never really could understand even if he was taking lessons.

With the Slytherins it came easy. They eat, sleep, and breathe this stuff. For people like Neville… hell, even Fred and George and Ron—they were all pureblood.

Even the Potter name he knew nothing about was pureblood, and he forgot that meant something most days because it meant very little to him. He thought it didn’t mean anything to people like the Weasleys or to Neville either… and it was kind of alarming to realize he might’ve been incredibly stupid to think that.

Just because Neville clearly wasn’t a blood purist or an extremist, didn’t mean he didn’t have pride in his family name. That quiet, un-flaunted pride he worked for under Sprout, that silent unwavering moral compass that made him a pure Gryffindor, that unspoken iron-clad belief he had in his friends and in what the right thing to do was. Just because he didn’t boast about his family name like Draco did, didn’t mean he didn’t believe in his family’s pride with everything he had, just as any of the most outspoken Slytherin did.

He wanted to slap himself for being so foolish, but now was not the time to ask that. He was trying to figure out why Neville, who was only outshone by Seamus in how open-minded a Gryffindor he was, still refused to even look at Draco the rare times the Slytherin sat at their table—or why he’d always pull a Nott and seemingly disappear into thin air when Draco came to study with them. They’d worked just fine together for Norberta, and seemed to have even almost gotten along when worrying about Harry almost being killed in the Forbidden Forest, but that truce had evaporated almost immediately after all was said and done and things had settled down.

And Neville had been the one to back off surprisingly, not Draco. The Slytherin didn’t seem to care if Neville was there or not, so long as Harry was a bridge between them.

Neville though, as the days went on it became exceedingly clear that Neville did.

And Harry worried… worried at this was another thing Neville wasn’t telling him.

He attempted to get to the root of the problem.

“And you had a bad experience with one of Draco’s aunts?”

He immediately knew he’d said the absolute wrong thing though, when Neville abruptly stood and walked away in the greenhouse, almost as an after thought grabbing his watering can to re-fill it at the spigot at the other end of the building. Harry would’ve let him have a moment to collect himself if he wasn’t so damn worried—worried by the way Neville was refusing to look at him and the way his whole body was stiff as a board from whatever wrong thing Harry had said. He got up and followed him on quiet feet, trying to be respectful but unwilling to just let him walk away.

Or, he thought he was on quiet feet, but Neville seemed to hear him anyway.

“Harry… I’d rather stay out of it, if that’s okay.” His voice was quiet, but otherwise normal and Harry froze in his tracks as he realized he’d been caught.

The ‘don’t ask me about the Malfoys’ warning was clear as day under the deceptively calm tone though and he quickly backed off.

“Of course it is. Sorry for being so nosy, just letting my mouth run over here.” He kicked the ground a bit awkwardly, gripping his hands behind his back in a submissive tone that Neville couldn’t see with his back turned.

He turned the spigot off and seemed to take a breath.

“…it’s alright, I know you were just helping.” He turned around and his face was calm, eyes still downturned like they always were. Harry hated it.

He was tempted to ask Daphne about what the hell had gone on between the two families but… Draco clearly didn’t care enough to mention it and Neville was the only one bothered. Not that that was a good sign, as Draco’s family had once served Voldemort so… yeah, not a great sign, but one he hoped Draco would at least acknowledge one day, when he remember he was supposed to be grey and not dark.

But, asking someone else about it also felt like a betrayal of Neville’s confidence. He clearly didn’t want to talk about it, and Harry knew he’d be a poor friend to go behind his back about it. A Slytherin would appreciate the art of it even, but Neville most certainly would not.

He hoped Neville would tell himself one day, and was just going to have to get used to being patient, he guessed.

Still…

“I’d like to hear your thoughts on it, if that’s okay?” He offered as an olive branch, and Neville frowned at him, not understanding. “I mean, not Draco or his family exactly but I guess sort of… everything? The thing with Norberta, and Hagrid, me and the Slytherins,” He scratched the back of his neck, not sure if this was making any sense but feeling an obligation to just try. “You’re always down to support me and whatever crazy thing I’m up to, and to me it’s not crazy but I guess it’s sinking in finally that most of what I do is super weird. And that doesn’t stop me, but you don’t really ever tell me to stop like Draco does, you just worry. I can see it on your face like all the time, but you never say anything.”

The blond Gryffindor just looked at him, as if trying to digest those words.

“I’d like to hear what you think on things Neville, don’t think I don’t just because I get caught up in my own thing most of the time. Er… all of the time.” He admitted, hoping he was being heard.

Neville… crossed in front of him to return to the flower bed he was tending, and Harry dutifully followed to crouch beside him as he picked at a few stray weeds here and there. The silence always got to him eventually and Harry wanted to help with the weeding just for something to do, but knew he’d probably just get in his way so he kept his hands to himself for now, and watched him work.

And as always, Neville eventually worked up to talking again.

“Truth is… I guess I don’t have a strong opinion on a lot of stuff.”

“How do you mean?”

His smile this time was wry—not something Harry was used to seeing on his otherwise nervous expression. “Must be a weird thought for you, who always knows what he wants and does what he wants without even thinking if it’s even possible or not.” He tilted his head, stopping to glance at him in amusement. “That’s not a bad thing.” He clarified as an afterthought.

“Well… when I met you, I could tell you were letting Hermione boss you around, and she’s kind of oblivious so it was clear you weren’t happy with it and just letting it happen. I do acknowledge I’ve basically been doing the same thing, but one of my goals is to get you to be able to get what you want, if that makes it better? And I really want to help, honest! If you have a goal, just tell me and I’ll do what I can to help!”

Neville’s smile grew, even though he still didn’t look up. “Thanks. But that’s the thing… I don’t have a goal.” He shrugged half-heartedly as he gently pressed down the soil around a tiny sprout, no bigger than his finger as if tucking it in. “I don’t really want anything, or know what I should be doing with my life or… or anything like that.”

Okay, that’s not the weirdest thing, I don’t think.

“I mean, we are eleven. I’ve been told on no uncertain terms that I’m the weird one.” And that was coming from Blaise, which meant a lot.

The blonde gave a light, breathy laugh. “Yeah, I guess there’s time.” He agreed diplomatically. “But I don’t have a solid reason to tell you not to hang out with Slytherins, or to not play football or to not avoid Potions because Snape is terrifying.” His ears turned a bit pink as if realizing he’d said that out loud, ducking his head a bit more. “I don’t really have a reason to do anything other than trying my hardest not to disappoint people.”

“You will never be a disappointment, Neville.”

The words sort of just came out of him out of nowhere, but Harry honestly truly meant them. And he realized they meant a lot when Neville actually froze, lifting his gaze to startle at him with wide, blue eyes silently asking if he was serious.

Harry didn’t bother answering that silent question because he didn’t say things he didn’t mean, and Neville should know that by now. Meeting his gaze pointedly seemed to drive that concept home for him, and he glanced back at his sprouts uncertainly.

“Thanks.” He eventually responded, in a rather quiet tone. “Maybe you do… push, a bit, without thinking of everyone else but… on the other hand I think maybe I consider what other people think way too much.” He admitted with a slight wince.

“But if you ever really minded what I was doing, you’d tell me, right?”

“Yeah. Of course.” He agreed easily with a nod and another shrug.

“And about Draco…?”

Neville’s lips pressed together uncomfortably at the question, but he took a lot less time to formulate response this time.

“You made it clear that he could be friends with people you didn’t like, and you could do the same. You’ve let him do it, and he’s let you do it.” He tiled his head back thoughtfully. “I see no reason I can’t do the same.”

Harry wanted to grin at that, but kept his face in a neutral smile so as not to alarm him. There was that Gryffindor pride of his—said in such a polite, reasonable way, and yet the implication was that over his dead body would he ever be called less open minded than a Slytherin. If Draco could be open about who he was friends with then Neville would choke on his dinner and be six feet under before he admitted he couldn’t be just as open about his friends as Draco Malfoy.

Neville was a shy, quiet, self-conscious kind of guy… but never let it be said that he didn’t have a pride that was far more noble than anything Harry could claim.

And just in considering it… Neville was a really, really good Gryffindor. He was good. He would help people for no other reason than that they needed help, even at great cost to himself.

The sheer idea that Slytherins needed a trade or to save face while they did it or get something out of helping someone probably insulted every moral bone in Neville’s quiet, silently prideful body. He would never get in someone’s face about it, but his moral compass pointed true north, so the fact Draco’s (and even Harry’s, most times) pointed in a more grey direction was just not compatible.

But Neville was kind. He would accept someone for who they were anyway… just don’t ask him to compromise on his principles. Harry almost wanted to, just to see what kind of pushback Neville would actually give, but he knew that was cruel, and he’d likely be one friend down by the end of it.

Unlike a Slytherin, broken friendships with a true lion couldn’t be fixed with a game of words or even trading his whole life away for it.

“Thank you.” And he meant it. “But I really do treasure you as one of my best friends and I know I’m not… well, not always a good sort of person. Hanging out with Slytherins all the time and then talking to you, who is legitimately one of the nicest people ever, makes it really, really obvious.” Neville blinked in surprise, blinking at him widely as Harry pushed forward before he could react. “So you have to tell me if I’m doing something you don’t like, or even something you’re just unsure about. Because I value your opinion as someone who is generally just nicer than me, and I want to be a nicer person. Please help me?”

Neville looked at him like he’d grown another head. “You are a nice person.”

“I’m nice to you because I like you.” He grimaced, the trueness of that statement smarting a bit. “I’ve got a temper and I snap at people when I’m anxious… and maybe I’m confident in who I am but I can at least acknowledge that some parts of me I don’t like. And I want to be better—like you.”

“I’m not-” The blond turned bright red and he shifted uncomfortably to be put on the spot like that. “Why would you want that?”

Harry laughed loudly, in his face. Because it was a stupid question and Neville should know by now that Harry mocked stupid questions with ruthless abandon.

“Because you’re a better person than me. Maybe there are things about yourself you want to change, but join the club. I’ve got them too and I’m working on them like everyone else is.”

“I mean… I suppose I could try. I still don’t know what it is you’re looking for.” Neville seemed totally out of his depth, but Harry leaned into his shoulder playfully and just elbowed his side.

“I’m just looking for you to be you—and to be the friend who calls me out on my crap when I’m being petty. And trust me, I can be petty. And full of myself… and pushy.” He gently nudged him in the ribs yet again to make the point, and it pulled an almost unwillingly smile from the blond.

“Okay maybe.” He reluctantly allowed.

“You admit it! You agree I’m pushy!”

“I said maybe,”

But his laughter was music to Harry’s ears, and he hoped at least some of the words he’d said sunk in for Neville, and he would eventually take them to heart.

But, he probably wouldn’t know if he was ever successful or not because… well, Neville tended not to tell him things.

Harry just hoped one day, he would.

000

It was breakfast, some amount of days later that Harry’s teacup made a breakthrough in operation fox.

Said teacup was being drained for the fourth time in one meal, but he really liked jasmine tea and they rarely had it. Most people seemed to like earl grey, the lemmings.

“Nothing’s wrong with black tea.” Dean defended the beverage valiantly.

“I’m not a big fan of tea,” Seamus admitted, getting glares from all around which he ignored as he dug into his toast.

“Chamomile is better, is all I’m saying. Black tea will do in a pinch, but it tastes like a bush.” Harry dismissed him, getting his own 'are you crazy' looks that he ignored as always.

Dean looked to Neville for help, but as usual the blond just poured his own cup and let them argue amongst themselves. He wouldn’t give them an opinion unless they outright asked him... and notice he said an opinion, because Neville had a bad habit of saying whatever would cause the least trouble even if he agreed with it or not.

Harry was slowly starting to realize Neville could lie, but he lied about very boring, annoying things.

“I don’t know where you come up with this stuff.” Dean huffed when he realized he’d get no help, and Harry flashed him a hundred-dollar grin for his troubles. “Chamomile isn’t a breakfast drink, it’s a dessert drink. How you can stomach that first thing in the morning is beyond me.”

“Same way I eat French toast covered in syrup,” Harry was very amused by this conversation. “You’re telling me there’s no sweet breakfast food you like?”

“None at all. French toast is an abomination too.”

“Dean, I had no idea you felt so strongly about syrup.”

Dean waved a spoon threateningly at him, eyes glinting meaning he knew exactly where Harry was trying to go with this. “If you dare use that sentence out of context you will regret it, Potter.”

“Come at me, Thomas.” Harry lifted his chin definitely, his own playful glint making Seamus sink into his beans and toast in an attempt to get out of the crossfire.

And he was smart to do it because Dean used his spoon to flick a tiny bit of oatmeal Harry’s way, only for it to be dodged and immediately retaliated with the dregs of what was left in his teacup being launched into his face—it wasn’t a lot of liquid but it certainly caused him to splutter.

“Can we not, first thing in the morning?” Seamus complained as Dean coughed on the drop or two he inhaled while Harry laughed gleefully at his pain. “Also, you had that coming. You’ve seen him play quidditch—if he could dodge that bludger last weekend he can dodge oatmeal.” He scolded Dean who shot him an annoyed glare for that.

Harry just preened happily at the comment on his skills as he threateningly brandished his teacup at his roommate once more. “Don’t test me when I’m armed, Thomas.”

“With a teacup.”

“You bet your butt a teacup, and if you don’t think I can’t use a teacup effectively if the situation calls for it then you—”

Harry froze mid-sentence, and all three Gryffindors around him paused as well, because that was weird.

…wait a second.

He whipped out his wand and everyone around him leaned back sharply in alarm—but he ignored them as he tapped on the now-empty cup, and immediately it transfigured itself into solid silver. He tapped it again and nothing seemed to happen, but Harry’s eyes widened noticeably as they just blinked in surprise.

“Woah, what kind of spell is that?” Seamus perked up.

“Third year.” Harry answered him distractedly. He tapped it again and jerked back in shock at whatever result he got that no one else could see, dropping the cup down onto the table from as high as his arm could reach above him while sitting down.

It shattered, loudly, catching a lot of people’s attention and forcing Neville to jump a bit in both surprise, and to avoid any tiny bits that had shattered near him. Harry’s head snapped up, eyes wide and staring at Dean across the table from him like he’d just found the answer to the universe and was startled to have found it, and Dean stared back in shock about what the hell was going on.

“I’ve got to go.” He blurted out, jumping to his feet and grabbing his bag as he all but ran from the Great Hall—breakfast half-finished and pretty much ruined anyway given the shards of teacup now splattered all over it.

Dean, Seamus, and Neville just stared after him, baffled. And not just them, but several others who’d heard the cup break and then watched Potter run from the hall like he was being chased. The fact the people he was sitting with seemed to have no idea what had happened meant it was probably just the first year being weird again, so they went back to their breakfasts without further issue.

Dean turned to the room at large.

“Does anyone know what that was about?”

Seamus frowned deeply, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. “Do we really want to ask?”

Neville, suddenly remembering Norberta the dragon, winced visibly.

That gave Dean and Seamus their answer and they exchanged knowing looks before they pointedly went back to their meal, ignoring their roommate’s weirdness.

If it was important enough, Harry would definitely not hesitate to get them involved. Until then, it was probably best not to know.





Chapter 28: Book 1 : Pride : 28


Chapter Notes

Not gonna lie, I teared up writing this. McGonagall's perspective just kills me (✖╭╮✖)



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Luckily, today was Wednesday, which meant the fact Harry had booked it back to his dorm mid-way through breakfast to dive into the pile of Transfiguration texts he’d hoarded on his desk meant he was only missing Transfiguration itself, and History of Magic. The only other class he had today was Astronomy at midnight, so he had all day to figure this out. McGonagall would not be pleased he’d skipped her class, but hopefully she’d understand why as soon as he finished here, and Binns wouldn’t notice if he started a pick-up football game in his classroom mid-lecture much less that he wasn’t there.

He was so far ahead in Transfiguration that his attendance in that class was a joke anyway, and he could live without hearing about another goblin war for one day.

This was it: the crowning jewel in his operation fox plot, so he needed to get it done as soon as he could. Preferably before his next Transfiguration class on Monday where McGonagall was sure to give him detention for skipping if he didn’t have a damn good reason to provide. That would give her… oh, about a solid five weeks to stew over this, and by the time finals hit he would be in the clear.

It would also give him five weeks to position Montague exactly where he wanted him.

So, with some serious glee, he spun through the third-year textbook the twins had lent him and found the spell he was looking for, pulling out a couple other reference texts McGonagall herself had recommended him over the year that would only help support his argument.

The concept was simple. The spell was called duro, and it literally meant ‘into stone’ if you dove deep enough into the Latin base of it, but the most equivalent English translation was the hardening charm. If you could forgive him for getting technical for a moment, the way the textbook explained it, the spell would harden anything into stone and make it difficult to break. Common applications were ‘hardening’ a glass that was falling so that instead of maybe levitating it to catch it’s fall, it simply wouldn’t break when it hit the ground (it’s incantation and wand movement were far quicker than the ‘wingardiam leviosa’ of the levitating charm, after all, and a falling glass often had a split second at best to spare before shattering). While Hogwarts texts never outlined how spells could be used in a battle situation, through his conversations with McGonagall he knew that it also came in handy for, say, hardening the ground so you had stable earth to move on while perhaps your opponent was stuck on muddy grass. Or say, if you shot a bunch of deceptively soft feathers at someone only for them to hit like they were solid stone.

The more useful aspect of this bit of magic was it’s counterpart, the softening charm which was a second-year level spell as opposed to duro being learned third year. Harry knew for a fact this was because while duro had less practical applications, it was difficult to learn because of how the spell was structured and a good exercise in working backwards. Second years mastered spongify and so as third years learning to do it in reverse for duro was both great practice and a very low level introduction to how to reverse-engineer Transfiguration spells. It was a simple counterspell in theory, but since third years should theoretically have spongify down flat for over a year by the time they learned duro, it was a great teaching opportunity.

And he knew this because in one of their many discussion, McGonagall had told him this.

She’s also implied heavily that because of its critical usefulness as a teaching tool instead of an actually useful spell when he’d pointed out how… well, boring it was, that this particular spell would be a key feature of the third year Transfiguration final.

He knew at least three quarters of what would be on the third year final (and he was paying back another favor by providing this information freely to the twins, in fact) so he’d had his pick of the liter with spells, but this one…

Duro was interesting, because the idea he’d just had, was that it was wrong.

Into stone—what did that even mean? The English translation was a hardening charm, which sure, it certainly hardened things, but into stone?

Porcelain was stone, wasn’t it?

The porcelain of your average teacup shattered when you dropped it. Yes, it hardened but that hardened product was brittle.

Objects hardened with duro didn’t break. Ever. Not when you dropped them off a table at least, Harry hadn’t done a full barrage of destructive tests to see if he could destroy something he’d hardened, but the principle outlined in their textbook was clear. It hardened things so that they wouldn’t break, but the effects that all the books and objects he’d read/seen hardened with this spell were just that: hard.

They weren’t stone.

Because stone was more than just hard. There were countless different types of stone! If he grabbed a bunch of pebbles from the shores of the lake, he would have a handful of different stones that all fractured or cracked under different forces. Statues were made of different stone than teacups, porcelain and ceramic, flint and coal, pumice and chalk, obsidian and slate, marble and granite…

Maybe he’d given a little too much thought to his graveyard, because he’d looked up far too many different types of materials used for headstones and now knew an unsettling amount about marble and granite, to be fair. But even he with his eleven-year-old muggle education knew that pumice floated on water, marble sunk. If you punched a stick of chalk, it’d crumble, while if you punched a statue, you’d break your hand.

If you hardened a teacup with duro, it didn’t break.

But a teacup was made of porcelain, which was already stone, would.

So… how could you turn something already made of stone, into stone again? Unless, of course, into stone was just not the accurate wording for what the spell was actually doing.

Which made no sense because incantations did not mess around—they were there and they were those exact words for incredibly specific, important reasons which is why moving to wordless or wandless spells was easily fifth year level or above type work. And even then it was only tested in small doses on even the NEWTs, Hogwarts just didn't actively train people to use wordless magic. You either got so good at spells you've learned previously that it just comes to you or you put in the effort to figure it out as an adult after graduating.

In summary for his racing thoughts, point remained that turning something into stone was way too non-specific for a spell. If anything, he’d learned that Transfiguration required a lot of attention to detail, and focus in your mental image to get proper results, so the fact you could point at a donut and say duro and not fear it’d crumble apart like chalk, splinter in your hands like obsidian, shatter if you dropped it like ceramic, or weigh suddenly ten times more like marble, meant into stone was a horrible definition of how the spell worked.

Because spells were named very specifically, for very good reasons.

While he did not claim to be an expert, or even frankly know what the hell he was talking about in all honesty, he did know about two things when it came to Arithmancy, and they both related back to his Transfiguration work. Fred and George said when you got to third year they had the option to take Arithmancy, and they said McGonagall recommends it to those interested in pursuing careers heavy in Transfiguration. It wasn’t necessary to pass her class, but apparently it would help, and she’d pointed him in the direction of several texts in the past that had used Arithmancy to prove why his ideas wouldn’t work.

Arithmancy itself was probably a bad definition of the actual field, as the word itself meant using a connection between numbers and something else to mathematically predict the future, or someone’s personality type, not unlike a real life version of astrology. Apparently the wizarding world also used the term to cover literally everything relating to math, finances, spell creation, and more.

Which… did not bode well for Harry’s faith in this world if math was an optional class they didn’t even start teaching wizards until they were thirteen.

He did not profess to be great at math, but he most certainly wasn’t as dumb about it as he pretended to be when he had to look like his test scores were worse than Dudley’s. If anything he’d gotten great at the subject, or what little he had of it just so he could know how not to put down the right answers (because really the level of stupidity Dudley could muster up was actually impressive, so it was almost an actual effort to fail tests worse than him most days, particularly in mathematics). Additionally, wizards clearly did not put a lot of emphasis on math, nor did they have calculators much less a focus on mental math, so the textbook that had the equation he needed also had no less than twenty pages where they listed out the answer to every number multiplied or divided by any other number through 0-100.

Which was truly just excessive, but honestly not the stupidest thing about the wizarding world Harry had seen so far.

He didn’t need the help with the addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division aspects of any of it, but since his knowledge of things like exponents and square roots amounted to only knowing generally that they existed, the charts actually turned out to be very helpful. Because he’d asked a couple weeks ago about some of the more basic equations relating to transfiguration, McGonagall had taken him through a slightly more elevated way of handling the basic equation they’d literally learned the first month at Hogwarts in her class—and although he wasn’t 100% sure, he was fairly certain this ‘elevated method’ she was talking about was what muggles called algebra.

Essentially, the basics of Transfiguration she taught them as they started getting the hang of more difficult spells last semester, is that a Transfiguration spell was influenced by bodyweight (a), viciousness (v), wand power (w), concentration (c), and a fifth unknown variable (Z) that was kind of a ridiculous answer when you were talking about literal math. Apparently, no one knew what the unknown variable was but it was generally assumed to be magical talent, which was such a cop-out answer Harry didn’t even bother acknowledging it.

As he was up to third year level now, he had a basic understanding of how to quantify these inherently unquantifiable things when mastering new spells. And with his extremely basic grasp of the math behind how moving the variables around the equation would actually work, and come up with a theory on how to reverse engineer duro to prove it wasn’t the spell everyone thought it was.

If the result of the equation was a spell (t) then if he moved that component to the other side of the equation to instead search for the exact amount of viciousness a spell needed, he could probably get somewhere.

After all, he’d managed to do it on instinct at the breakfast table just now, so he just needed to quantify it on paper.

He spent the morning scrawling out his plan and slipping through pages of several books to find the right sources, taking three trips back and forth to the library both to stretch his legs and mind for a moment and collect another reference or look up something new, and when his roommates came back for the day after their classes and saw him with his head bent over his desk writing furiously, they wisely let him be.

000

He did manage to get himself to Astronomy that night, but he barely listened to a thing Professor Sinistra said. He was very much wiped from his day of intense thought and the early hour of the morning that they finally got back to Gryffindor tower, so he had no problem falling asleep that night though.

Thursday was a bit hazy as he recovered from his brainstorming session, but after Potions on Friday he felt refreshed enough to start back in on his work and the break really had cleared his mind to give him a new perspective.

He’d always appreciated Transfiguration, from day one, for being the only class at Hogwarts that had even a lick of common sense written into the syllabus. There was concrete fact and math to back up some of the spells (even if they were tainted here and there with the ‘because magic’ answer at times) and McGonagall herself spoke and taught with solid references behind her, not speaking out her butt or flaunting personal experiences as stone cold truth of how things were like some professors.

Wizards sure liked to recite anecdotes as if that was all there ever was to a story. Like Quirrell talking about that time he met a vampire and it tried to eat him—but Harry was sure the fact he was wandering in a secluded forest known to be a vampire hang-out (that he had to break a ward to enter, by the way, like the ward wasn’t there for a reason) likely had something to do with it and yet here he was telling a whole generation of young witches and wizards that every vampire they’d meet would try to eat them immediately.

Harry really hated people sometimes.

In any case, Transfiguration (and even Potions at times, though it pained him to admit it) were more logical than any other branch of magic, and maybe he was just a logical, technical person at heart, but that really resonated with him. Which would probably shock people, to learn he wasn’t as right-brained as he dressed.

It meant though, that as he worked out his equation logically, trying to prove what he already knew he could do, he managed to stumble upon it by crossing off every possible thing that he knew it wasn’t. It wasn’t easy, as he hadn’t had to do math in over a year and getting back into it gave him a headache, but he was determined and it was for a good cause so he persevered and by Saturday night he thought he might just have it.

You see, he had the equation, but he was getting an answer different than what the rest of the world, when, according to math, that really shouldn’t be possible.

Yet it was possible, because there was an extra factor in there. Like a “multiplied by 1” variable that had no impact on if you left it in or took it out, because the answer was still the same.

If you changed the “1” though, suddenly you would get a different answer. No one ever changed that variable though, because no one knew it was there or that it could be changed. It was also an afterthought—after the equation as you knew it was completed, then you tacked on this little bit. If you didn’t, no worries there was no impact to the spell because it was like multiplying by 1. If you did though…

Well, tiny nuances in how the spell performed started to emerge.

It wasn’t the (Z) variable, he didn’t think, because he was fairly certain that was your mental image of what you were transfiguring although he had no way of proving that—no one did, according to McGonagall, but she was willing to buy into that theory without much issue and no evidence to prove or disprove it. This variable he’d discovered was different, because he could quantify it, although it was hard.

However, as he finished the finishing touches on his equation, he realized he’d already known about this variable from they very start. It was the fall.

The fall—that weird dropping motion he pictured in his mind when he cast a spell. If you dropped something from head height to the ground, the end point would always be the ground and the starting point would always be head height, however…there was a world of possibility, in how the object got there.

What path did it take as it fell? Could it go backwards before dropping to the ground? It was magic, so if he could imagine it, it could happen. And if he could make it happen, and write out exactly what that ‘falling’ motion looked like when casting a spell, he could create a technically new spell—one that would harden something into stone with the same exact incantation and wand movement as duro, and yet just by changing how the fall felt when you performed it, would turn something to porcelain instead of marble, and cause it to shatter instead of survive a fall.

Was it useful?

Harry had no idea, nor did he care.

It’s about the fact I’m creating a spell, even a modified existing spell, as a first year. Which will once and for all prove I’ve got something useful that any Slytherin would want to take advantage of, and make my work unique to any other student at Hogwarts. Like a calling card McGonagall will be able to see from ten miles away.

With his plan now in place, it was only a matter of putting his head down and writing it out clearly, which he spent Sunday, well into the night, getting in place for his next Transfiguration class first thing in the morning. He mapped the exact movements of the mental ‘fall’ that you needed for the traditional duro and his new one, comparing the differences and breaking out the equation to prove it could work. He’d read enough Transfiguration texts at this point to be able to mimic how authors wrote, at least to a point. He was still eleven and he’d had a lot of points taken off this year for his essay-writing skills so he was banking on the content speaking for itself for now.

He went to bed that night with a big grin on his face, and woke up the next morning earlier than ever before in order to make it down to Professor McGonagall’s office before breakfast.

000

He’d stopped knocking and waiting for the curt ‘enter’ from within McGonagall’s office months ago, so he knocked as was considered polite but then still walked right in as he pleased. True to form, she simply lifted her head from where she was grading some papers and acknowledged him with a brief nod, too used to his sudden appearances at her door by now to offer him more than that. Harry was thrilled to learn she was an early riser like he was, however this time of her morning she reserved for grading upper year homeworks and tests so she typically didn’t entertain his questions or any attempts to stop by to chat at this hour, telling him to come back later during her more open afternoon office hours.

He hoped not to take too much of her time for this though, and he needed to talk to her before class otherwise she’d give him another detention for skipping.

And right on cue:

“I was told by your classmates that you’d been poisoned at breakfast which is why you didn’t appear at my class last week, Mr. Potter. Madam Pomfrey assured me you hadn’t visited so I assume you have a fair excuse for your absence.” Her warning gaze promising pain if he didn’t.

He smiled widely and walked up to her desk to put several sheets of paper clipped together on the edge, above where she had other papers mid-grading spread out in front of her. She picked it up to place over her current work, reading the otherwise blank top sheet save for the title.

She lifted one skeptical eyebrow.

“The Porcelain Theory? What exactly is this, Mr. Potter?”

“I wasn’t poisoned, I just had a sudden interesting thought while drinking some tea,” He chirped. “I really wanted to figure it out so I might’ve skipped your class and History of Magic to do some research… but I will totally accept a detention if it means you’ll read that and give me some feedback during that detention?” he offered diplomatically, and she gave him an even more skeptical look (how was it she managed that he couldn’t figure out but it was super impressive) and lifted the cover sheet to scan the first page.

Her eyebrows slowly rose over the long silent minute she read the first paragraphs. Harry just waited patiently with a big grin on his face, waiting for her reaction.

Unfortunately she didn’t give much of one, just placed the paper down and measured him up carefully, expectantly. He took the cue to elaborate.

“If some of those dimbat authors who have books in the Hogwarts library can write about principles of Transfiguration with only half knowledge on how it works, then so can I. I figured something out about the hardening charm and I want your take on it, is all. I even did the Arithmancy for it! Although if you could double check I actually did it right it be much appreciated…” He admitted a bit abashedly, and she just stared at him.

She lifted the paper and narrowed her eyes at the content once more, another long minute passing….

"That goes against the principles of how the subject is taught." She pointed out, like he didn’t already know that.

"Which is why I wrote a paper, because I've got proof and I'm sure I'm right. Will you read it and tell me what you think?" He pleaded politely, hoping she’d forget about the detention deal, distracted by the paper itself.

It seemed to work as she tapped a finger absentmindedly on the closed paper thoughtfully.

"You're quite presumptuous for a first year, trying to revolutionize a thousand-year-old subject."

“You’d be bored without me,” he insisted, and she looked like she was very tempted to roll her eyes, if she were the type of person to do such a thing.

“It does not make you any less presumptuous, but yes, I suppose you do keep my on my toes.” She politely ignored his snickering as she continued. “Very well, I'll take a look. Expect me to read it with prejudice. Grammar included.”

He tried not to wince at that threat, instead grinning gratefully. “Please do! Thank you professor!” He tried to make his escape, waving enthusiastically in thanks—but he only made it to the door.

“And I will tell you about my findings in detention, this Thursday, Mr. Potter.”

He winced visibly that time.

“Ah… yes Professor…”

000

Minerva put the small packet of paper in front of her down, having just finished reading through it--three times.

Harry Potter was a curiosity, for sure.

She had so been expecting to see a mini-James Potter in front of her when she knew he would be starting this year at Hogwarts, and his initial letter to her was absolutely filled with a self-confidence and snarky wit that screamed James Potter in every way possible. That kind of sass and assuredness did not belong on an eleven-year-old in any way, and so it was always the few that had it that stood out to her. Forget the shock of him looking just like his mother, she’d thought she’d recognized James in him clear as day.

She’d been a teacher for a long, long time, and she knew that those who had sheer unfounded confidence were always excellent at magic, because Mr. Potter’s determined insistence that it’s magic, so if I can imagine it I can do it, really did have some merit. There was no published work out there that quantified confidence relating in any way to magical ability, but she’d spent her whole career studying Transfiguration and knew that the unknown variable required for Transfiguration spells was most probably something related to belief.

If you fully believed you could do it, and didn’t back away from that belief and had the known variables down pat, then on the most part you could.

James Potter had been a rather spoiled child, with the Potter name being long-lived, wealthy, pureblood, and very full of their superior morals compared to other pureblood families. Minerva had been on friendly terms with Fleamont Potter and so when she met his son she was absolutely not surprised that James had been a ball of shining wit and full of mischief. No one had ever told the boy no, and he’d been loved and spoiled and given every resource and tool he’d ever need to be a brilliant wizard someday from the very beginning. He had no reason to ever think he couldn’t do any damn thing in this world, as the whole world had been put at his feet since birth, so it was no shock to her that he’d been very good at Transfiguration.

Even as an eleven-year-old he hadn’t hesitated for a second when performing spells, and because of it every spell he’d ever tried in her class had always gone well for him. He didn’t particularly like her class better than any others, but he was good at it and very well-spoken from his upbringing, so even his essays and homeworks were all but flawless, without fail. He got Os without trying, and surely because of his glowing confidence in everything he did.

She had watched him grow, over his seven years at Hogwarts. He was a spoiled child for sure when he started, but he befriended a werewolf who was treated absolutely despicably by the world at large, a meek little boy who was bullied relentlessly from day one at Hogwarts, and the heir of the Black family who was sorted into Gryffindor—someone Minerva knew was not treated well by his parents up until the day he was disowned and took up permanent residency at Potter Manor. He’d started out vain, full-of-himself, sheltered, and arrogant—but by the time James Potter had graduated he’d been a kind man, who protected his friends from this world’s evils with all his heart and soul.

She would never tell Severus this, but honestly the mother-hen like traits the young Draco Malfoy was showing every time Harry got into trouble seemed really familiar to her. Only, James had been a seventh year by the time he’d grown up enough to worry about those around him like an old woman and get so indignant over his friends’ reckless behavior (like he wasn’t the most reckless of them all half the time).

Harry though… she’d thought she recognized his unfounded confidence because of his father before him, and she’d been very on guard against feeding into the insane arrogance of a spoiled child at first. James had grown up to be a wonderful man, but he was a little terror in his earlier years at Hogwarts and she liked to think the countless detentions she’d given him had done something to straighten him out, at least just a bit, since it was clear his own parents would never actually discipline him.

It a matter of weeks though, Minerva realized Harry’s confidence was not just a replica of his father’s, but something else entirely.

They had spent so many hours talking at this point that she now knew the muggles he’d been placed with had in fact not spoiled him at all. And she had no proof, but she was absolutely sure when she got her proof, she was going to be exceedingly pissed off about it.

But however he’d been raised, it was clear he did not have confidence just because no one had ever told him no before. No… Harry’s confidence he could do anything was because he simply had no choice.

Failure was not an option, in his mind, as failure seemed to equate to him something far more severe than a poor homework grade. She could practically feel the insane thirst for success, for understanding and full comprehension and awareness in him when he went to her with questions. She saw the way he came to her pretending to be a Granger-look-alike, as if he were just curious about the theory and wanted to brown-nose his way into her good graces—but the second she’d started to treat him like his questions deserved real, full answers as if he were her equal, not her student, the mask had dropped and he’d gotten a hungry look in his eye that took her off guard.

When she’d complimented his use of Transfiguration against the mountain troll, he’d seemed legitimately stunned someone had complimented him. And ever since then, he looked less desperate to get her time and her answers to his questions, and actually seemed comfortable in her office when he visited.

And he visited often. Far more than any student she’d ever had before, by a clear margin.

And for some reason she could never bring herself to turn him away—maybe asking him to come back another time if she were busy, but she never ignored him or told him no.

Ah… maybe she’d ended up guilty of spoiling him herself, despite her best efforts.

But she just couldn’t help it, she’d gotten along with quite a few students over the years on a more personal relationship than teacher-to-student, James being one of them eventually, especially as they’d worked side-by-side in the last war after he’d graduated. No student had ever trailed after her the way Harry did now though, like he’d never met an adult he actually trusted in his life before, and was clinging to her guidance like a moth to a flame.

He was an exceedingly clever boy and his thirst for success and intense desire to be the person in the room who knew the most, or had all the cards up his sleeve is perhaps a better way to say it, meant he probably should’ve been in Slytherin, honestly. Minerva had had so many Slytherins in her office before, asking questions primed for entirely different lessons than the kinds of things your typical Ravenclaw would want to know, and Harry’s presence here, particularly in the first half of the year, had rang all kinds of alarm bells in her mind.

He was so smart and patient, but he was an eleven-year-old boy.

She saw the way he startled every time she praised his work, the way he was eager to share not just his Transfiguration questions but also how his day was going when he visited, the way he eagerly grabbed at his homeworks as she handed them back, excited to read her comments. The way he thought he was so clever in hiding how much her rare smiles made him perk up with a big grin of his own. The way his mask had dropped like a bag of bricks the second she’d validated him in any way, and how his questions went from ‘I’m asking because I want something from you’, to instantly switching in tone to be ‘I want you to acknowledge me’.

She’d had plenty of children who did not have great home lives or role models to turn to cross through her classroom.

Most of them were Slytherin.

But because they were Slytherin, almost none had clung to her but she’d definitely seen them cling to Severus, and even Aurora on occasion as the woman was a Slytherin herself a long time ago, though she hardly acted the part Severus did these days.

Slytherins of these days had been raised by war-torn parents, so Severus was typically their most familiar role model.

And she didn’t approve exactly, of Severus methods as a teacher, but she’d been here when he went from being a student to a Professor in his own right, and she’d watched him break down more than once about how…rampant, the disease of terrible parents and pitiful home lives truly was. How the snake house hid it, even from each other, but how much that had to hurt. How he'd gone his entire education thinking he was alone in his isolated hell, only to realize how gut-wrenchingly unspecial being an abused child actually was amongst his classmates.

Given Severus’ own history, she didn’t exactly blame him for it.

And she couldn’t exactly blame him as he lashed out on the other houses, even though they were just children who didn’t quite understand, because he was playing the role he’d so desperately wanted when he himself was at Hogwarts, and a role that no professor had been able to give him. That one person, that one adult in their lives who would always be on your side—no matter how unreasonable and unfair it made him seem as a person (and he was—unreasonable and unfair but Minerva just couldn’t find it within herself to actively stop him) everyone knew Professor Snape would take a Slytherin’s side over anyone else’s just because he was a mean old bat.

But Severus did not care about what everyone knew, he only cared that his Slytherins were fully aware they had at least one adult who was forever and always unreasonably on their side for no other reason than that they were in Slytherin. That they would always have a champion in their corner no matter if it made political sense or not.

And for a young snake who trusted no one, that was huge.

Severus did it at the expense of earning the ire of every other house and the annoyance of his colleagues, but he was a petty man at heart and he did not care. He was the oddest mix of incredibly cruel, and unimaginably kind.

He would sacrifice 75% of the children in this school for the sake of the last 25%, without hesitation. Which, on one hand Minerva kind of hated him for, as he was a professor and supposed to be here to protect all of their children, and yet… the lengths he would go to in order to protect those of the student body who maybe needed it the most always touched her, too. She’d always hated never knowing, or finding out too late that one of her students was afraid to go home each summer, beating herself up for not being able to do more sooner…

And whether she approved of his methods, Severus was constantly acting the role he needed to, so that any child of his house that might’ve been afraid or might never have trusted an adult again so long as they lived, could still look at the head of Slytherin house and consider him an ally. That they would go to him and tell him before it was too late because they knew he was on their side beyond a shadow of a doubt. That Snape, as the fine Slytherin he’d grown up to be, would be able to do something about it while every other professor kept a professional distance between them and their students… and so were usually finding out second hand about a student they were too late to protect.

She’d never been able to come to a conclusion about what she thought of Severus and his role as a professor at Hogwarts, not for nearly a decade has she been able to decide. Of course she liked the man and wished he would just be happier if he could manage it, even outside of the role he played in front of the students, but beyond that… she didn’t get in his way, but she also didn’t take it lying down if one of her lions came to her for help with him. She let him do as he pleased because she knew why he was doing it, so long as he didn’t get excessive about it.

Now though… now, she had one of her own.

A lion who was looking at her like he finally believed she would take his side if it came down to it, and he was relieved and thankful for it. One of her own who came to her with wide green eyes always so surprised when she complimented him, and surprised that she wasn’t dismissing or ignoring him every time he spoke.

She hadn’t quite realized what Severus was up against, having probably dozens of children under his wing all looking to him like he was their last line of defense against the world that hated them—their only hope that things would turn out fine. Because they were all just children, and they didn’t actually have any control at all: their lives were up to the adults around them and they knew it. Everyone knew it, but no one had done a damn thing about it until finally they found that one adult who would.

Harry was not his father. James had liked her well enough, but he had never needed her in the slightest. He’d had everything he’d ever wanted given to him on a silver platter, but Harry…

Harry hadn’t.

Harry had come a long way by the skin of his teeth if the way he’d mastered how to fake a smile and deflect a conversation was anything to go by. Harry was more than ready to be reasonable and patient if it meant getting what he wanted, because he’d learned that nothing was a guarantee unless you were willing to work for it. Harry was observant and interested in those around him both because he knew people could be used for greater purposes, and also because he liked it when people liked him, probably because it was still a novelty for him.

Harry hadn’t known a thing about the wizarding world until his Hogwarts letter, because his muggle relatives hadn’t told him a damn thing. And if he didn’t know about the wizarding world, he didn’t know his parents were magical. Which meant he hadn’t known how they died.

Which meant he’d grown up probably thinking they’d died for another reason… and that that reason wasn’t putting an end to decades of war by sacrificing themselves for the life of their child whom they loved.

Which meant James’ confidence Minerva thought she saw in his son, it wasn’t actually James’ confidence at all. And the kindness she could’ve sworn was Lily’s that Harry showed, it wasn’t Lily’s in the slightest.

Harry had grown up without James or Lily, and he had no idea who they were or what they were like, so maybe a tiny bit of them was alive inside their son, but most of it just wasn’t theirs. Harry was someone else entirely different from his parents, who for some reason had learned his mother’s kindness and passion, as well as his father’s dedication and sheer pride all on his own. Not because he’d come from loving families like his parents had, but because he’d grown up alone and learned a lot of lessons his parents hadn’t until they were all but graduated Hogwarts.

After all, at eleven-years-old, James Potter had been a bit of a spoiled brat and Lily Evans had been a bit of a foul-tempered know-it-all. They grew up to be wonderful adults, but they were not easy students as first or second years.

She remembered how Lily and James had been when they were actually Harry’s age, and it hadn’t been this.

Harry seemed to be all the good parts of his adult parents, which clearly drove Severus insane and most of the professors found it so refreshing he acted like his parents, but Minerva knew. She knew what that really meant—that Harry had already done a lot of growing up before ever stepping foot into Hogwarts. Everyone was so happy to mourn the memories of their adults selves, but Minerva would never forget the children Lily and James had once been, because they’d once been hers to straighten out, and raise in place of their parents for most of the year. They’d grown up to be wonderful, and she had been so proud.

Their son had already grown up before he’d entered into her care though. And she’d missed it all.

And so… it was with an exceedingly heavy, yet proud heart that she rested a hand over the leaflet of papers she’d been given, and pondered what was in it.

The thing was… the boy was right.

The paper was far from a work of art since his grammar and essay-writing skills left something to be desired, but the content within was remarkable. No, more than that, it was genius.

The fact he was good enough at arguing his point to know what equation to use and how to break it down in a clearly worded, simple manner only a child would be so good at was impressive enough, but backing himself up with no less than two dozen texts and principles proven to be true meant his argument was all but impenetrable. She would have to run it by Septima to double check the Arithmancy, but from what she knew of the subject is was all spot-on.

Unable to help herself, she’d taken a goblet she had on hand for demonstration purposes, and with only a couple tries to apply the theory herself… she found it worked.

This boy… is going to break my heart one day.

Minerva put her wand down to stare at the goblet that had turned to porcelain in front of her, mind racing from a technical point of view of what this would mean in general for the field of Transfiguration, and also a sinking heart.

Harry was eleven.

He took to her classes and her in general and she was both proud and worried every time he displayed his incredible skill, thrilled that he wanted to do her proud in her subject, but also silently fretting over the concern that he wasn’t pushing himself just because she was the only adult in his life he trusted. He was far too mature for his age, and as he raced ahead on Transfiguration topics, she had hoped that meant he was only reading ahead.

If he knew this much about the theory to be able to successfully alter a spell and leave a gaping hole in the magical world’s understanding of Transfiguration as a branch of magic, she very much doubted he was just reading theory. Which means he was practicing upper level spells unsupervised, and on a magical core for someone so young, she feared for what impact that might have. Children were only supposed to use their year-level spells to protect their budding magical cores, not overexert themselves and their core by racing ahead too far, too fast.

Not that many children could do something like this. Not even Severus had openly displayed his prodigious talent at Potions until after his OWLs were completed, and he was the youngest prodigy by a wide margin in decades.

And Harry was eleven.

It should not only be impossible, but it was also dangerous. Both for his magical core, and what little childhood Harry had left to him—if, even, there was any left at all by now, which was a thought that made her want to start drinking at eight in the morning. If (when) this paper got out Minerva feared what kind of things he’d be pulled into. The pressure to follow it up with more advancements, to prove his prodigious talent, to publish more papers and write books and…

Well. Harry had already told her he wanted to open a clothes shop, or a bakery even. The amount of people who’d harass him for not only being known as the Boy Who Lived, but now one of the youngest prodigies ever in a notoriously difficult branch of magic… he’d never get another moment’s peace.

Which, maybe was a good thing, as he certainly seemed more okay with obtaining fame through his own achievements rather than the ones he happened into as an infant, but still.

He was eleven.

She lifted the paper again to re-read the equation he’d altered, putting her hand beneath her chin as she worried at her bottom lip. Every academic bone in her body wanted to go deeper into this subject that posed a question that cast into doubt everything she’d worked for in her career, but she forced herself to refrain.

What he needs is more time. He doesn’t need to be the boy who inherited James Potter’s Transfiguration talent, or the Boy Who Lived prodigy. He just needs to be Harry.

Even if he’d grown up too fast and didn’t have a childhood left to enjoy, Minerva would still try to get him that time, just on the off chance he could still catch a few years of blissful ignorance of some things. He was clearly already too world-savvy, but she could do this much at least.

I can prevent this from getting out, for now. Send him back for more research, pick at his grammar until he’d a fifth year. Maybe he’ll buy it.

She probably wouldn’t do it, but she silently felt like she owed Severus an apology for her reserved judgement this past decade. She’d never had a student she was willing to suddenly toss her carefully composed set of ideals out the window for before. Any other student and she’d be praising them outright, calling up the nearest publisher to see if this couldn’t get into the next issue of the academic journals she was subscribed to.

But this wasn’t any other student, and even if it broke the rules she had imposed on herself for being a teacher, she couldn’t find it in herself to care.

This lion was special, and she was going to ensure he could continue to trust her, professionalism be damned.

000

“Minerva!”

Septima was, as a rule, a very refined woman who did not run and gave even Minerva herself a run for her money with her reputation of being strict amongst the Hogwarts students. And knowing her personally, Minerva was one to agree that the woman was rather… boring.

She dedicated her life to numbers and was very content to be that way, which was admirable if not a little dull.

But that persona was what made it very entertaining when she burst into the Transfiguration professor’s office, cheeks flushed from the clear run she’d just taken, brandishing a packet of papers emphatically.

“Minerva! Who wrote this!?”

She put down her quill and safely covered the essay she’d been grading just in time for Septima to plop the papers down with abandon over her work, pacing before her desk distractedly.

“Can you not guess?” She offered, amused at this reaction. It wasn’t like she didn’t mention her most promising student often enough in the teacher’s lounge, after all.

“Minerva you don’t understand. It’s too simple, it’s like learning the green gummies are strawberry flavored: yes it’s obvious but at the same time what?”

Minerva frowned, not actually having known that.

“The writing level is quite low and admittedly I’m not the greatest at Transfiguration spells, but the Arithmancy is so painfully simple of course a first year came up with it. It’s just also absolutely shocking that no one has ever considered this possibility before.” She pressed on, seeming very harassed about the whole thing.

“So the calculations are accurate?”

“Yes, but that’s the annoying thing. It’s not like he did it wrong, he just…” She waved her hands helplessly as if trying to find the right words for it. “He just—added onto it or something! He added more to the equation. Which isn’t wrong apparently—which alone is just stunning— but also who the hell would think of that? It’s not like there was anything wrong with how the spell or equation was done prior so why did he even think of this? How did he even know it would work? What was even the point much less getting into the absolutely stunning fact his wild suspicion was actually right?”

Minerva sighed silently, having already asked herself all these questions.

“I plan to ask him those questions myself in time, but I wanted to run it by you first to make sure I hadn’t made a calculation error.” She soothed. “I’m going to meet with him in a couple minutes actually to discuss this more, so you’ve made good time.”

“Does he plan to publish this?” Septima cut right to the chase, and Minerva winced slightly.

“I suspect that may be the ultimate goal, yes, but his writing needs a significant amount of work. The theory is good, but it still sounds like an eleven-year-old wrote it."

The Arithmancy professor snorted delicately. "Geniuses, I swear. If you ever read some of Severus' work, you know what I mean."

That earned a small smile from her, at least. Severus was the youngest potions master ever and was undoubtedly gifted, but his published works were rough to get through despite them being groundbreaking in the Potions field. Minerva had read the summaries and left the actual reading of those papers to other Potions masters who really wanted to know. As was often the case, being knowledgeable didn't mean you could express it well either in words or writing.

"Mr. Potter has time to learn; this is only the first draft and I expect many more before he's ready to publish but… he is correct in his theories if you're here to tell me you agree with his calculations."

"I sure do! I am amazed at this kind of creative thinking, much less that it worked! It's like using the wrong equation on a problem and getting an even better answer—I'm intrigued to say the least. You’ll have to keep me updated, and also when he gets there try to convince him to take Arithmancy if you can."

“I can assure you Mr. Potter will do as he pleases with or without my input, but I can put in a good word.” She admitted wryly. “Thank you for your help, but if you could keep this under wraps for now, it would be appreciated. I think this potential work can be fleshed out more thoroughly for the time being, and perhaps published when he’s a bit older.”

“What? Why? Think of the kind of work he could get to in his life if he starts publishing now!”

“Septima, he’s a first year. Yes this is clever, but imagine what he could do with a little more Transfiguration experience under his belt?” The woman blinked, giving it some thought and shrugging.

“Well if you’re sure. As I said I only vaguely grasp the Transfiguration side of it. Just let me know if I can double check anything else; I’ll look forward to the final product then. Please help his writing skills, if you can.”

“I’ll do my best,” Minerva sighed. “Thank you, Septima.”

The took her leave with a distracted look still firmly on her face, and while the Arithmancy professor often had a one-track mind for her numbers, she also wasn’t the gossipy type in any way. Minerva had faith she’d keep this quiet, at least for the time being—she might get too excited and let something slip as she started ranting about her numbers, but as a general rule people avoided triggering her long-winded (and exceptionally dull) diatribes about finances and calculations, so it was probably a safe secret for now.

She took a breath, almost a bit disappointed she’d confirmed what Minerva had already suspected.

“Professor?”

Minerva lifted her head, and a flame of red greeted her at the door, smiling a bit abashedly.

“Mr. Potter. Welcome to detention.”

“Right… am I going to be doing lines or can we talk about my paper?” He hedged, clearly trying to be charming and she let it slide for now. She’d always intended just to talk, after all. They both knew his presence in her actual classes was… rather pointless honestly, but it was the principle of the thing and she refused to let his skipping become a bad habit. First it would start with her classes and then it’d be others, and she wasn’t about to make it so obvious she clearly had a soft spot for him.

She knew it would already be a losing battle, but she was obligated to make the attempt.

She stood, leading the way back out into the hallway and towards her classroom. “I think perhaps our time would be better used addressing some questions I have for you. I’d like to run some spellwork drills, if you are up to it.”

“Spellwork drills?” He blinked, following after her quickly. She had long strides, and he was rather small for his age so it always felt like he was jogging to keep up with her. “What are those?”

“Children with particularly unruly magical cores are often taught spellwork drills to help them master a level of control in a safe environment. They are ‘blank’ spells, meaning they stress one’s magical core almost as much as the actual spell, but without any effect taking place.” She explained as they entered her classroom. She already had several multi-colored buttons laid out on a desk that Harry clearly inferenced were for him as he went and sat down in front of it, whipping out his wan obediently.

“Ok?” He allowed, clearly not seeing the point of it but not arguing exactly. “Is my magical core unruly?”

“That is what I want to determine.” She stood before him, arms folded behind her back and nodded to the buttons. “I’ve seen you preform the switching spell previously; can you perform it now please.”

He perked up a bit and executed the spell flawlessly with a simple “Ibi,” and the buttons came to a rest in their new locations, both glowing dully. He blinked at them. “Are they supposed to glow?”

She lifted a brow, noting the color they were shining. “That’s part of the spellwork drill. These buttons are enchanted to reveal the level and type of magic you’re using on them.”

“Oh. Ah, actually that’s pretty cool,” he seemed genuinely interested, picking them up and turning them over in his hand curiously. “So this’ll tell me if my magical core is unruly or whatnot?”

“In a way,” she admitted. “I read your paper, Mr. Potter, and to be honest… you are correct. The development you made, according to my observations, is right.” He straightened up, grinning proudly. “But.”

He deflated a bit. “But? What about it?” He demanded.

She gave a tired sigh. What felt like the thousandth in only a couple days.

“For one, your essay-writing skills need quite a bit of work, to say the least. But that’s a secondary matter… what concerns me most, is that you’ve been practicing third-year level spells. To be honest I had hoped you were only reading ahead.”

The boy stared at her, wide green eyes uncomprehending. “But… isn’t the point of learning magic to do it? Why wouldn’t I be trying out this stuff if I could?”

This boy… he didn’t inherit his father’s recklessness exactly, but he definitely has a lack of awareness for danger at the very least.

“Because you are eleven.” She told him pointedly, but calmly. He seemed surprised by that change in direction the conversation had taken. “First year spells are what they are to protect growing magical cores from overexerting themselves too young. You can learn all the theory you’d like and I’d never stop you, but the fact you were able to perform and alter a third-year level spell concerns me, because I fear you’re unknowingly doing damage to your magical core.”

He gaped at her, clearly not having imagined that as a possibility.

“But…” he glanced down at the buttons that had stopped glowing on the desk in front of him. “Is that what these tell you? That my core is messed up now?”

Minerva pressed her lips. “No. When they glow blue like that, it’s the appropriate level of magic used for that spell.” She admitted.

“Then… I’m okay?”

“I would like to test out as many spells as you know so far and see their results before I answer that.”

“Right…”

He didn’t put up a fuss though as he ran though all the first year spells he knew and then proceeded to go through all the second and third year Transfiguration spells as well with her providing goblets, snuffboxes, and other trinkets she had stored in her classroom for him to test them out on.

Each time, the objects glowed blue, meaning he was performing the spells perfectly.

It just… it makes no sense. Prodigies are not unheard of, but this just shouldn’t be possible—at least not without harming his core. There has to be a drawback, but where?

Minerva’s plans weren’t exactly working out. She had hoped to use this threat of endangering his magical core to get him to slow down (please just be a carefree child just a little longer) but it didn’t seem like even her logical fears had any ground to stand on. She knew Potters were rumored to have large magical cores, but this was ridiculous. To be able to perform all these spells back-to-back, without breaking a sweat, didn’t just mean he had a large reserve to draw from, but it also meant he could control it.

If James had this kind of talent and had wasted it she was going to give him an earful in the next life.

Almost half an hour later Harry finally stopped casting spells, seeming to scratch his brain trying to remember any more and realize he’d run out. He turned to her expectantly.

“So? Did any of that mean my core is off? They all turned blue.”

“They did. Which, would imply there’s nothing amiss.” The boy looked triumphant and Minerva knew she was going to have to resort to honesty here. She stood before his desk pointedly and he paused in his victory to pay attention to what she was going to say. “To be frank, Mr. Potter, even though it seems to be fine I am still concerned you’re pushing yourself too far, for no good reason. Where is the need to master these spells? You have your entire career at Hogwarts in front of you, why not dedicate your time to enjoying it instead of getting so needlessly ahead? Just because you can does not necessarily mean it’s wise to spend your life overreaching and never simply enjoying the moment.” She paused, seeing him stiffen in alarm as he listened. “You are eleven. It is insanely impressive you’ve done this, but where is the fire?”

He ducked his head, long red strands of his wild, distinctive hair fell in his face and he seemed to mull something over for a long minute.

Then:

“Okay… okay.” He blew out a breath, tapping the desk in front of him almost as a nervous habit. “Can I be totally honest? And maybe you… not give me another detention for it?”

She did not budge in her stern expression.

“We’ll see.”

“Okay, that’s fair.” He admitted, seeming to brace himself for a second before suddenly a dam broke and it all came spilling out. “Well… I guess I’m doing this for three reasons. One: I’m friends with a lot of Slytherins and I’m a Gryffindor, which already puts me at a disadvantage but then I’m also the Boy Who Lived or whatever so half of them really hate me on top of it. But what Slytherins do like, is to trade: if I’m really good at something I can trade them lessons or notes or essays or whatever in exchange for other stuff, and they like that arrangement. Which means I can be friends with my Slytherin friends and on the most part everyone else leaves us alone, because they want something out of me. Like, everyone knows I’m really good at Transfiguration now, and I can trade my class notes for like, a lot of stuff these days. I even gave a few people lessons before midterms and now they owe me, which is exactly where I want to be with Slytherins, right?”

“I… see.”

She really should’ve seen that coming. She was aware Harry and the young Draco Malfoy were friends and it’d caused quite a stir in the start of the year, but she hadn’t realized it was quite so dicey. She knew Severus was very concerned about the friendship but Minerva had always been on board as probably the first, if not only Gryffindor/Slytherin friendship in decades. She was no Slytherin though, so all of that… political-ness was lost on her—she knew it was a thing, just not that it was quite so important.

She hadn’t given it any thought since the first day of term when Severus had stormed off seeing the two young first years share their schedules, and then refuse to show up for meals for the entire next week. She’d thought he was being dramatic, honestly.

She was starting to think that maybe all of Slytherin copied Severus’ dramatics and if that were true then lord help them all.

Harry cut off her wary thoughts by reaching into his bag he’d brought with him and unearthing a simple black journal with dark blue etchings on the front, setting in on the desk in front of him pointedly. It seemed to have quite a bit of age to it, although it was well preserved.

“The second reason is a bit weird, but uh…. I was raised by muggles who hated magic and didn’t really know anything about my parents so like… when I got to the magical world for the first time the Potter name didn’t really mean anything to me, you know? I mean I just had no idea who my parents were, much less the bloodline as a whole, so when I got to Gringotts and they told me I’d accidentally avenged the Monroe line or something I just kind of accepted it, because why not? I kinda of agreed without thinking but then there was that whole blood ritual thing which was not fun but you can’t really back out of agreements with goblins I’ve learned—not that I tried, since I immediately knew that was a bad idea, but yeah… point is I also adopted the Monroe bloodline so I got to see their vault. The Potter vault is locked until I’m seventeen so the only ‘family’ vault or history I’ve seen has all been Monroe, and a part of it is these journals from one of my ancestors that I like, legitimately love. She was super big into Transfiguration and I’ve read dozens of her journals already and she’s maybe my favorite adopted ancestor ever. I genuinely like this topic because I got to see it through her eyes too, and she actually owned a clothes shop herself and used Transfiguration to do it, and that’s sort of my goal at the moment as well so… there’s no reason not to get wrapped up in this subject, to me. Since this is what I want.”

Minerva felt her heart break, at least a little. At the same moment she was… oddly touched that Harry seemed to have found some kind of meaning in his heritage, all on his own. The fact he thought nothing of his father’s family because he just didn’t know them made her want to withdraw into herself for a moment to grieve, but at the same time… if the boy found a place in an adoptive heritage… he both deserved and was owed that right, she supposed.

Harry spread his hands out over the desk, giving her a kind of guilty smile.

“And the third reason…is that I really do like it. I mean, it makes the most sense of all the branches of magic and it just comes naturally I guess? Fred and George said its definitely unnatural how quick I pick this stuff up and they’re pretty unnatural themselves so that says a lot. I swear I’m not doing it for any crazy reason or not spending enough time with my friends or something by being obsessed with learning Transfiguration or anything, it really is a hobby, I promise.”

“So, the Weasley twins have been assisting you.” She narrowed her eyes, but knew it was more grasping at straws now than anything. He made… a very compelling point.

“At most they’re just very helpful tutors! You can’t be mad at them because I asked for their help and they were glad to do it—that’s just being considerate! And I’m 100% sure they didn’t know it was dangerous, they just thought it was impressive at best. They’re reckless as heck but they’d never purposefully harm someone!” He defended his friends, a bit panicked, but she just sighed audibly to let him know she was too used to their nonsense to actually be bothered by their involvement.

“Yes, I’m aware. Troublesome as they are, they do understand where the line is.” She pursed her lips, taking a moment to consider before giving in. She really just… had no grounds to stand on at the moment. “I suppose I can accept that reasoning. But do you understand how uneasy I am about this entire ordeal? Not that I’m not proud one of my student has come so far in such short amount of time, but it is a cause for concern.”

“I understand.” He vowed. “Are you… going to tell me to stop?”

“What is the purpose of writing this paper, may I ask? Do you plan to publish it?”

“Well, eventually I think. Not like tomorrow or anything, but maybe after I graduate? This is only one aspect of one spell, but I’m sure I can do a lot more and as you’ve said… I’ve got time, right?”

“You do.” She was… more than a little relieved he seemed to understand without her having to outright say it, and the tension across her shoulders relaxed some. “It would put me at ease if you would wait a bit before publishing, both because you’re right that there’s a significant amount you can add with some research and also because being a published author so young can have some… adverse side effects.”

“Yeah, I’m not interested in more fame. I’m totally fine keeping it just between you and I if that’s what you’re saying.” He perked up cheerily. “I know I need to be a better writer before doing anything official, anyway.”

“That you do. And also, I hope you don’t mind but I shared it with Professor Vector as well, so that she could double check the calculations for me. I was fairly certain of it myself, but having another pair of eyes on something so delicate is always a good tactic.”

“No, that’s fine. I had kind of figured; she’s the Arithmancy professor, right?”

“Yes.” Minerva tilted her head back, coming to a conclusion. “I will make you a deal, Mr. Potter, since you seem to be good at those.” Perk up “I will not tell you to stop, however I insist that you will come to me to do these spellwork drills at regular intervals to ensure there is no impact to your health—and if I even suspect you are overreaching yourself then you will cease and desist all practical work until you’re old enough to bear it. Theory is fine of course.”

“I understand.” He swore seriously, sensing how serious she herself was about this.

Good.

She was serious.

“Also, you will keep this information and the status of your abilities to yourself the best you are able. At least for the time being. And in exchange…” He tilted his head curiously at her. “I will be happy to peer review your work no matter what you come up with, and help get your writing into shape for this to one day be published.” She took the packet of papers she’d had behind her back and placed them gently back before him on his desk. “Either as a stand alone paper, or even a book since given enough time I’m sure you could fill several novels with your… Odd Solutions, I think you called them?”

Harry grinned widely, green eyes lighting up that she’d remembered.

“An Odd Solution is a muggle-inspired magical solution, but I like the sound of it anyway! Okay, you have a deal!”

Minerva knew asking him to hide his abilities was probably selfish. But as he scooped up his papers to clutch them to his chest and immediately began talking her ear off about other Odd Solutions he’d found interesting like they weren’t technically in detention right now, she found herself unwilling to care.

She’d been a teacher for decades, and had always maintained absolute professionalism and fairness for the thousands of students who’d crossed through her classroom.

If the world could forgive Severus for being the most selfish teacher on the planet, it could forgive her just this once.

000

Draco was surprised, but pleasantly so, when a snowy white owl fluttered over to him the second he stepped into the owlery to send a letter to his parents. Of course he knew Hedwig—there was no one at Hogwarts who didn’t know who the most vibrant owl amongst the flock of mail delivery owls was, because that person was probably the most vibrant person amongst the flock of students at this school in the first place. It only seemed fitting the prettiest of owls belonged to the most colorful of persons—although there was an irony in the fact Harry stood out for his electric colors whilst Hedwig stood out for her startling lack of any color at all amongst a sea of browns and blacks and tans.

He was also more than familiar with her because pretty much half the summer she’d spent in his bedroom, eating up his owl treats and sharing Bastian’s water bowl, chirping over his shoulder as he wrote out his response letter to her owner. Draco sometimes spent all day trying to craft a letter since he knew Harry wouldn’t get it until late evening anyway so it didn’t matter how long it took him to write it, and Hedwig had seemed extremely judgmental at times, sitting at the corner of his desk and giving him wide golden eyes every time he crumpled his paper to start again.

She was a freakishly intelligent bird. He even thought Bastian was a clever eagle-owl, but this arctic owl spun circles around him, the two of them getting into quite a tiff here and there in his bedroom until he kicked them both out to play elsewhere while he finished writing. He’d watched his poor pet get so flustered over Hedwig stealing things out from under him and nipping at this flight feathers until he was irritated enough to try and claw at her—only for her to disappear in a flutter of snowy white wings and Bastian to give chase, always in vain unfortunately.

She definitely picked up several bad habits from her owner, Draco though dryly as he held out an arm for Hedwig to land on, surprised by the letter tied around her leg that was addressed to him.

Why was Hedwig bringing him a letter? Had Harry lent her out to someone?

No… he recognized that handwriting on the front.

Well, he’d never know unless he read it, and it was addressed to him so he tucked the letter he had for his parents into his pocket for now and untied this one, letting Hedwig hop up onto his shoulder like she too wanted to read what it said and opened it curiously. And yeah, he definitely recognized his handwriting; he’d only memorized it.

Dear Draco,

It’s a bit weird, I’m writing you a letter when I see you pretty much every other day, but bear with me for a second. The fact is that I don’t see you every other day anymore and Daphne tells me it’s because this is essentially open season for Slytherins’ plots and to be honest I have something going on myself that I’m so excited to tell you about—after it happens, that is. No need to spoil the surprise, but I’m sure you’ll love it.

Honestly, we live in the same building (huge at this castle is) and now somehow talk less than we did when we were still writing letters over the summer from lord-knows how many miles apart. Not to mention half of what we say is not actually what we want to say since, you know, you never sit at the Gryffindor table and I’m not about to talk about my personal business in front of Blaise if I can help it. I can only imagine it’s worse as someone how actually has to share a house, much less room with the guy. If you want my opinion on all of this, then I’ll tell you outright that it’s annoying and generally just sucks.

So, why don’t we go back to the way it was? I know you said the Ministry monitors letters legally, but how can they monitor letters that never leave Hogwarts’ grounds? And if you tell me they can then I need to have a serious talk with someone about personal rights in the wizarding world because what the hell. For being better than the muggle world, muggles seem to have a lot more personal liberties guaranteed to them by their government than wizards do, and yes I’m sure I just heard you scoff at that. Fight me.

Anyway—like the idea? I hope you like the idea, because it’s been months already and I still haven't rubbed it in your face enough about how I was right on Snape including the hiccupping potion on our last final. I mean, you didn’t believe me: I never got to say it in person, but I would like it in writing that I told you so….

Draco didn’t even realize he’d sat down on the steps outside the owlery as he continued to read the couple pages that were left, smiling.

And it didn’t matter, because only Hedwig was there on his shoulder as if reading along, cooing lightly in the early spring air. Bastian might’ve judged him, but he was up in the rafters avoiding Hedwig like the plague and watching her cuddle up to his owner in annoyance from above.

Not that Hedwig wouldn’t absolutely use his smile against him if she were given the chance, but given she couldn’t speak, he felt confidence in his relative solitude to smile broadly at his letter.

000

“Excuse me, is this where the beginners to this game start?”

It was not the first time someone just walked up to where they were gathering on the quidditch pitch and asked to join with very confused, hesitant voices—given spring had just sprung and these were the first truly nice days now that the ever-present cold had faded away, they got a lot of new recruits joining all of a sudden. Plus, an upper year Gryffindor who was significantly better at drawing than Harry had re-done their posters and hung them around the hall, particularly on the door outside the Great Hall, so people were still learning about it and as it gained popularity, slowly being enticed by the rumors and the nice weather to give it a try.

With Harry off playing with the more experienced group, people tended to approach the people in the beginner’s group who looked like they knew what they were doing. Lu visited to give them drills and help out sometimes, but really stuck to the other group, so that kind of just left Susan. She, Hannah, and Neville were now the most-senior of the beginner’s group, and Susan herself had even played on the “division 1” team during their last ‘official/unofficial’ game they’d held. She definitely hadn’t been the best player on her team by far, but she hadn’t completely failed off the pitch either.

Hannah was perfectly content deflecting questions her way and while Neville was the most senior of anyone here, his timid personality meant pretty much no one asked him questions first.

Which made Susan the de facto leader on this side of the field, and she was content with this role. She didn’t grab for power like a Slytherin would, but she was well suited for it and thought the work worthwhile— fulfilling even. The fact everyone looked to her automatically in the absence of all the stronger personalities off to the north side of the quidditch pitch kind of just worked out. She turned, fully expecting to welcome in a new player and give them the run down of the rules while they stretched and prepared to do some drills and have a mini-mock game today, only to freeze solid when she realized who it was.

What greeted her was long raven hair tied in a braid down to the small of her back, and eyes an unnerving cyan blue as they stared Susan down as if daring her to reject her. She was a lot less hesitant than their normal recruit, and Susan knew it was because this particular girl had probably already mulled over joining extensively, so the fact she was here meant she was here—all in.

And likely because she wanted something.

“Greengrass.” Susan greeted politely, and sensed when those stretching and chatting around her realized a Slytherin had actually appeared before them.

She was suddenly extremely thankful this was one of the days Ron Weasley had decided to skip—he was a very unreliable club member, which was totally fine but it meant you never knew when he’d be at practice or not.

Then again, giving who this girl was, the fact she’d picked a day when the most loud-mouthed Weasley wasn’t here was probably not an accident.

“Daphne is fine, if that’s okay.” The noirette smiled, eyes flickering around the group and her posture clearly saying she was trying not to be too threatening. But still a little threatening because… well, because. “Harry was telling me about this club and it seems interesting. Although I have no idea how to play.”

She wasn’t alone—they still had quite a large group who still had no idea how to play. In fact, ‘Harry told me about this but I’m not sure what to do’ was the excuse no less than half the people currently in the football club had given when they started.

The reminder of Harry snapped Susan out of her stiffness.

“I’m Susan.” She greeted just as politely and welcomingly and she would anyone else, also leaving off the last name because she was a Bones and Daphne was a Greengrass—both purebloods and they were both extremely aware of each other and their family’s reputations—no need to bring it into the club though. “And no worries, most of us had no idea what this game was when we started,” She dismissed.

“Most of us still don’t!” A second year Hufflepuff joked brightly. He was a muggleborn, and had no idea about pureblood families nor did he pay much attention to the Gryffindor/Slytherin rivalry.

Daphne looked a bit surprised at the friendly address, but her smile widened.

“You can jump right in—we’re just stretching a bit before we get into it, and then doing some drills to start. This is the beginner’s group so you’ll find people of all levels here, and then once you get comfortable enough you can go join those crazies as you like,” She explained, nodding across the pitch where the other group was already mid-mock game and Seamus was already shouting something unintelligible from this distance.

“Sounds fun. What exactly are the rules?”

Susan was cut off before she could answer—a third year Ravenclaw jumping forward almost automatically.

“No! Don’t let Susan explain! She thinks she knows the rules but really she just makes them up if she’s losing!”

“Mark! Shut up!” She snapped at him, and he stuck his tongue out at her.

“You may be the in charge over here, but Lu’s warned me not to listen to your rules!”

“I know what I’m doing!”

“Yeah, doesn’t mean you’re doing it right.” Hannah snickered, unable to help teasing her best friend and she got several laughs as Susan kicked the nearest football they had at her full force—causing her to need to dive to dodge it.

Daphne was highly amused by this scene and grinned like only a Slytherin could as they enjoyed someone else’s misery, watching Hannah run for her life from her friend.

She startled though when a ball entered her peripheral vision and she blinked to see Neville Longbottom handing her one of the strange un-enchanted balls lying around the grass. She took it almost automatically and gave him a curious look, silently questioning.

He just shrugged and nodded to the net a couple meters away.

“You just try and kick the balls into the nets on each end. One goalie in each net can defend using their hands, everyone else had to use their feet.” He explained quietly.

“Oh, thanks.” She smiled at him, a bit surprised someone had actually answered her question with the chaos going on around them.

He didn’t quite smile back as he nodded and made his quick retreat, but Daphne straightened up as she let the ball drop and gave it an experimental kick. She was a true Slytherin and she was here for her own reasons… but if that reason was to have the fun she couldn’t have anywhere else it seemed…

Well… the rest of her house didn’t need to know that.



Chapter End Notes

For the purposes of this story, Henry Potter had two sons--Fleamont and Charles. Fleamont is Harry's grandfather and Charles was his grand uncle who married Dorea Black. Just because canon lore is a bit hazy about it.

Also this is fanfiction and I do what I want (⌐■_■)





Chapter 29: Book 1 : Pride : 29




Weeks stretched on at Hogwarts, spring quickly getting warmer until summer was all but here. April ended, and with it passing Easter break in which Harry spent it playing a ton of football with the club now that it was officially large enough that there was always someone up to play or run around with if someone were to wander down to the pitch for some exercise. Hogwarts was at about half capacity for that break, as it was a lot less celebrated in the wizarding world so it was mostly muggleborns who went home, which left plenty of people to preoccupy Harry’s free time with—and with the quidditch season soon to wrap up and Gryffindor pretty much having the cup in the bag, the arguments over who had rights to practice on the pitch that day had also died off some as well.

As May passed with the whether getting undeniably hotter into an unseasonably warm spring, and Harry being forced to simply sit and wait on operation fox until the right moment to strike, he was forced to confront the fact he would probably be going back to the Dursleys this summer.

He very much did not want to, but… that half-hearted thought he’d had over Christmas of having Draco ask his parents about Sirius Black over the next break hadn’t happened, and then it turned out Draco hadn’t gone home for Easter break at all since the Slytherin house as a whole treated that time off like free time to recoup from the past term and prepare for the final stretch—when most of their plotting would likely come to fruition as well. No way would they leave the castle and all their plans unattended just to visit parents they saw three months ago and who they were in regular contact with anyway. Even the most homesick of snakes wouldn’t actually openly admit that, at least.

Harry can only imagine all those Slytherin parents would call their children fools for leaving Hogwarts at such a pivotal time anyway.

And anyway, even if he did ask there’d clearly need to be some amount of time to investigate and digest whatever the truth truly was—and if that was that Sirius Black needed a trial, that wasn’t going to happen in a couple weeks. It’d probably take months and if it happened over the summer while he was stuck at the Dursleys and couldn’t attend or hear about it, he’d blow a gasket. So, instead he resolved to have Draco ask over this coming summer, and he could deal with it when he got back to Hogwarts in September.

Or, maybe I’ll just tell Petunia the new semester starts August 1st and cut the summer short with them. There has to be a place in London that’d let an underage kid stay without questioning it if I showed them my fancy credit card, right?

Still, resigned to the fact he’d be spending some amount of time with the Dursleys again, he finally put to use the catalogs he’d taken from the shops he’d visited last summer in both Diagon and Contrair Alley. All he had to do was fill out the order forms in the back and tap the ‘x’ at the bottom with his wand, and a couple days later whatever he wanted to arrive by owl and his bank statements reflecting Axeclaw having withdrawn whatever the appropriate amount was for the relevant shop. With this he was able to stock up on books, both educational and for his own amusement, as well as plenty of paper and quills as he fully intended to spend this summer corresponding with Draco just as much as he had last summer.

Their in-castle letter writing had almost fully depleted him of all his paper within a matter of weeks in fact, and he’d thought he’d had a serious stockpile since he was trading his Transfiguration notes left and right these days as finals approached quickly. He was learning that there probably wasn’t such a thing as ‘too much paper’ when it came to him and the things he got up to.

He was also hoarding sweets and non-perishables, though Hogwarts had surprisingly few of those, for eating when he knew for a fact he’d be missing the magically filling stuff the castle had while back in the muggle world. Magical food beat out anything he knew himself capable of cooking by a long shot so no matter how much he could skim off the top of the Dursley’s food funds, he’d still be snacking on chocolate frogs in the shed when he was sure no one was looking.

Additionally, he got a new series of blank journals ready to be filled with notes or perhaps his own Dell-style journals though he wasn’t sure how to start with that. He wasn’t really one for journaling unless it was for a class like Draco had taught him to but thought he might want to give it a try for lack of better options over the summer. He clearly knew he’d be bored out of his mind without practical magic, classes, politicking with the Slytherins, quidditch, or football to distract him—he knew he’d have chores, shopping, and cooking galore to do but he could do that blindfolded at this point so it wasn’t interesting. Writing to Draco, reading ahead in his classes, perhaps journaling… that would have to tie him over so far as mental stimulation went until September. Hell, he’d even gotten a couple Arithmancy and Runes texts as trying to self-teach upper year material despite how frustrating that might be still seemed more attractive than total boredom. He’d kind of enjoyed toying with the duro spell equation after all, and kind of wanted to get back into it on his own time.

So, he planned, and despite not being too thrilled with his summer plans he tried to enjoy the rest of the year at Hogwarts while he had it.

And like it always did, time flies when you’re having fun.

June dawned bright an early almost before Harry was mentally prepared to deal with the coming summer, and with it, finals week. Hogwarts had an amazing set up in which they had a day break to revise and then fifth and seventh years, as they had the OWLs and NEWTs to contend with, took their exams first. Their exams needed Ministry approval and took professors a while to get through, so they needed the full amount of time to grade those exams properly.

Then sixth and fourth years sat their exams, followed by third and second with the first years’ exams kind of sprinkled in when professors had time to sit with them while they took it. Harry figured it’d take a professor a single night of work to grade all the first-year exams for how simple they probably seemed to a full adult, which is why they got the bottom of the barrel he supposed. Even then, after exams were sat they had a full two days after the official end of term for professors to finish grading, and for the students to relax, say farewell to friends, pack up their things, and prep for the final feast before the train would come to take them home.

It was the week before finals week though, that operation fox was a go.

And it started with Fred and George plopping down on either side of him at breakfast, two hands simultaneously stealing his sausages before he could stop them, but his irritation was derailed by their news.

“So it’s done,”

“Don’t ask us how,”

“But we managed to make your target mysteriously deaf for a couple hours the other day,”

“And in case you were curious, McGonagall’s final is about one of the last term’s spell of our choice.”

“Three feet too! Bloody slave driver she is!”

Harry beamed, suddenly lifting his plate gleefully for them to steal and they split his waffle happily. Stolen food always tasted better, they’d told him, so he was happy to be stolen from in exchange for this absolutely wonderful news.

“Do you think it’ll last until finals?”

“Probably.” George shrugged once, swallowing his mouthful. “He’s always gloating about his note-taking.”

“Pretty sure he caused someone to fail our second year because he gave them the wrong notes on purpose.” Fred admitted.

That’s pretty damn Slytherin. The fool who’d taken them was an idiot. Harry raised his brows, though he wasn’t actually that surprised. More surprised Montague even had that in him.

Slytherins don’t share, not when it came to their tools to get ahead, and they considered their notes and grades as weapons to hold over each other’s head which is why they studied so hard and were such tyrannical note-takers even if they hated the subject. Unless someone were to go to Montague to trade with him for his notes in exchange for something else, he probably wouldn’t be in a situation where his teammates would just be casually discussing their upcoming finals—no use letting helpful hints or warnings slip when they could keep things to themselves and watch those around them sink or swim.

The fact he’d used false information to fail someone meant no Slytherin worth their salt would trust information he did give about the upcoming finals now either. It wasn’t entirely out of the ordinary for the snake house but…

“Well that works out better than I could’ve ever hoped it would.” He admitted with a grin, and the twins snickered.

“Care to include us in the grand scheme?”

“Or is this top secret as well?”

“Trust me, you’ll definitely hear about it if this works—no need to ruin the surprise.” He laughed, and they seemed to accept that. They weren’t pushy people and they loved surprises, it was true. “Just keep it up until your last Transfiguration class. That should do it.”

They shrugged, not bothered. Harry had already given them a full packet of every third-year Transfiguration spell he knew, with sections dedicated to each spell and sourced references to use if they needed it for their own upcoming finals, so they were well compensated for their service in any case.

“Aye!” They mock saluted and cleaned his plate of his toast as they stood and went on their own way—leaving a very confused Neville and Seamus sitting across from him. Dean was with the Hufflepuffs this morning and so his remaining two year-mates were looking very concerned.

“Um… Harry?” Neville mumbled nervously.

“Don’t worry, I’m just torturing a Slytherin. And it’s all going to plan so there’s nothing to worry about,” He waved them off while refilling his plate once more. Neville did not look pacified but picked at his own breakfast in resignation, clearly not actually wanting to know.

Seamus definitely didn’t want to know.

“Better them than us,” He sniffed with his nose in the air in an unknowingly bad imitation of Blaise as he went back to his sausage, and Harry couldn’t help but giggle helplessly into his tea at that.

000

Harry’s hair had grown out a bit during the year, and he’d taken to cutting tiny bits off to prevent the dead ends from consuming him entirely, but other than that he’d let it grow freely, so it was to the center of his shoulder blades by the time classes officially ended. He’d certainly played around with it on his own since he had so much free time in the morning anyway, but he hadn’t really worn it out in anything other than a ponytail for when he was playing sports or going to be running around a lot that day, or clipped back to keep it out of his face. Mostly though, he wore it down and free, and often with one of Dell’s baubles slipped into there somewhere just for fun.

Today though, he’d actually given it a go at braiding it. He’d practiced and finally felt like he was actually cool with it, that his inexperienced fingers had finally found a rhythm and the final product good enough to actually wear it out for the day.

It was also a big day, and he needed his hair out of his face while he was on guard like this.

He got several compliments on it from several people, mostly Hannah who gushed over it and Blaise had taken much glee from layering on back-handed compliments thick before Draco had resorted to punching his roommates’ side, distracting them both into bickering amongst themselves. Draco had much more earnestly complimented it and his ears had turned pink from the grin Harry gave him.

The last class of the year was unfortunately their double-Potions session in the morning, but on the upside it meant they were officially done with classes by lunchtime with no afternoon classes to worry about. It also meant the third year Slytherins were wrapping up their very last Transfiguration classes this morning, and since they still had afternoon classes to contend with, Harry’s target would definitely be at the lunch table for appearances’ sake.

And because he was walking to lunch with the Slytherins given they’d just had Potions, he got to loop his arm around Draco’s and march them approximately five meters farther down the Slytherin table than their typical position. Draco was far too startled by the uncharacteristic touch and Harry’s babbling about their last potion to put up a fight even if he did notice, and by Blaise’s raised eyebrow he had noticed and was too interested to see what he was doing to care arguing.

The very instant he realized Harry was acting off though, Nott seemed to break off from their group and actually went to sit near Crabbe and Goyle, which would at least be quiet company to sit with while he read through his meal like always.

That was a Slytherin who had an impenetrable sense of self-preservation is seemed, no matter his curiosity (if indeed he had any—despite how much he read he wasn’t actually a Ravenclaw after all).

“It’s the last day of term before finals; causing trouble are we?” Blaise intoned dryly as he sat across from him at the snake’s table, and Harry just winked.

“I’d like to end the year as I started, and figure this is mild enough not to give anyone a heart attack.”

“What, changing seats?”

“Yeah, don’t like it? Not predictable enough for you?”

“No, actually, and not for anyone I care to know either. Predictable is good.”

“Sooo you’re friends with me because…?”

Blaise gave a dignified snort. “We are not friends, Potter.”

Harry turned to Draco who shrugged. “I wouldn’t suggest being friends with him either.”

“Rude, Malfoy.” The tall Slytherin snapped in a tone that said he clearly wasn’t offended with the implication itself since it was self-explanatory why one would want to keep a Zabini at arm's length, and more offended that Draco didn’t want to be friends with the Zabini heir in the first place. Not that he could blame anyone for it, but still. The pride of it all.

“Well either way, that’s the thing about Gryffindors. We adopt people and are their friend whether they like it or not, because we can be a bit rude about disregarding peoples’ wishes like that.” Harry leaned into Draco’s shoulder as if making the point and the blond’s ears turned pink once more, a small smile gracing his porcelain face even sitting at the Slytherin table in full view of his housemates. Harry called that progress. He also turned and gave a suddenly wary-looking Blaise a wide grin. “So, with that being said… get used to it, Mr. Zabini.”

Chocolate eyes narrowed at him.

Huh, for such a… well, difficult guy, Blaise’s eyes were always the color of melted chocolate. They seemed warm and sweet, no matter what snark and cold indifference radiated out of the rest of him. Or, well, Harry might’ve just gotten used to them feeling that way, because the Zabini heir hadn’t looked at him like that since the first couple weeks of the school year when he’d been pretending not to be amused by the Gryffindor at his table and seemed entirely unsure what to do about Harry in general.

“…I think you broke him.” Draco commented, his raised eyebrow implying he wasn’t amused by it, but actually surprised.

Blaise made a face, childish and arrogant at once.

“I don’t think anyone’s ever just told me to do something before.” He admitted, and Harry could only just stare at him.

This guy… and I thought Draco was the spoiled one.

“It’s an honor to be your first, Blaise.” He smirked, and both him and Draco snapped their heads up to gawk at him.

Draco looked outraged at the joke while Blaise burst into laughter that forced the upper years near him to jump a bit in alarm.

“Okay both of you shut up.” Draco snarled, cheeks tinged pink in indignation, Blaise actually using his sleeve to stop tears from escaping the corners of his eyes. “We’ve got so much revising to do in the next couple days, so shut up and eat.” He ordered, shoving the nearest plate of whatever sandwiches they were serving towards Harry who obediently complied while still grinning widely despite Draco’s huffing.

“Yes mother,” Blaise rolled his eyes, earning a grey-eyed glare.

“Don’t compare me to your mother,”

“And what’s wrong with my mother exactly?”

“Do you want the abbreviated version, or the itemized list?”

“You little-”

Harry tuned them out of the sake of his sanity while he dug in to his meal, slyly glancing around the table to ensure most of those around them had been thoroughly distracted by the scene the first years were causing. While they refused to acknowledge it these days and outwardly acted as if they weren’t bothered, all of Slytherin house was still distinctly aware of him when he sat at their table. They were forced to watch what they said, and if ever they gave the impression they were comfortable enough with a Gryffindor at their table to forget he was there… well, they were essentially shark bait.

And he knew he was being watched, and observed, and carefully cataloged every time he sat here. He’d gotten used to it, and was careful not to say anything too incriminating while he was here. Only dropping hints, and letting them see exactly what he wanted them to. The important people—meaning Draco, really—already knew everything else he didn’t talk about at the Slytherin table, so it was just fine by him.

Today though, he was going to let a whole lot drop and hoped against hope that the right person heard it.

And more importantly, that they were interested.

He waited patiently as the conversation moved back towards finals—like it was about anything else these days—and while they weren’t giving away their confidence levels on the subjects they were facing, they did talk business here and there. And because they were Slytherins, it was only too easy to steer the conversation into speculation about what their coming years would bring—Slytherins loved to plan, after all.

“The third years only have to write an essay on the hardening charm? I’ve already written tons on that, it’s a bit boring isn’t it?” He frowned when they’d discussed what they heard about the upper year finals.

“Says you,” Blaise sneered. He refused to acknowledge it out loud but he knew Harry was damn good at Transfiguration… he just didn’t know how good, actually. He’d very carefully left out talk of how far he’d come with his Transfiguration work amongst the snakes in his life.

Which is exactly what he wanted.

But poor Draco, didn’t realize a thing Harry was planning and took the bait by turning to him curiously. “Written what?”

“Oh, McGonagall talks for hours about this stuff so I write it down best I can remember so when I get to that year level I can just copy it over. She went off about the hardening charm’s importance as an introduction for reverse engineering Transfiguration spells for a solid two hours a month ago and I took all sorts of notes. If that’s third year material I’m not sure why she was talking to me about it, but it keeps me on her good side, so I don’t mind.”

“You sure you’re not related to Granger?” He scoffed.

“Oh gracious, do you think that highly of me? I have all my notes right here: let me regal you with a detail explanation of duro then, shall I Draco?” he whipped out the packet of papers he’d had prepared for this very moment and fanned himself dramatically with them, trying not to snicker at Draco’s playful groan and how Blaise flicked a bit of bacon at him to get him to shut up.

“Stop, shut up. I don’t want to hear your nerdy butt talk about Transfiguration anymore, I’ll gouge out my own ears,” Blaise complained.

“I am not that bad, you jerk!”

“Try to tell that to me again when you find another hobby.”

“I have the football club, which I can tell you all about if you’re interested-”

“The hell I am not. Back off,” Blaise flung another piece of bacon at him which Harry deftly dodged and pointedly lifted the papers he was holding up to avoid being collateral damage.

Only for the papers to leave his hand.

He blinked, whipping around and none other than Graham bloody Montague was sneering down at him, holding Harry’s papers above his head pointedly. It was far out of his reach sitting down, but Harry was… admittedly kinda short, even for a first year, so even if he’d been standing he probably wouldn’t have been able to get at them without kicking Montague's shins a couple dozen times first to get him to lean down a bit. Not that he would demean himself by even trying to jump for them, when the guy was clearly trying to provoke him.

“Causing quite a scene, aren’t you Potter?” he sneered, and Harry felt Draco tense beside him. He shot out a hand under the table and clamped it over his friend’s wrist, holding on tightly in silent warning. Not that the blond would… Harry didn’t think at least, but he’d spent enough time with Gryffindors for that reaction to be automatic by now.

“I didn’t think you could read Montague, but just so you know those have my name on them.” He snarked right back, and the third year’s sneer was absolutely filthy.

“I think you’re getting a little too cocky over here, you know? Maybe just a small reminder that you’re still a little blood traitor—and not much else—will help put you remember your place, eh?” Harry saw the older teen’s free hand raise, wand clenched expertly in it and tried not to let it show how hard he tensed.

“Guys like you are hilarious—you need to pick on a couple first years to feel big huh?” He snarked, preparing for whatever curse was coming, needing to hold onto Draco tighter as the wrist in his hold attempted to break free for a brief second. “Give those back, jerk.”

“Yeah, I don’t think so.” Montague sneered, raising his wand…

Harry would like to say he didn’t flinch, but he did.

“What is going on here?” A voice interrupted whatever pain was going to make Harry’s afternoon really unpleasant, and when he snapped his head up he surprised even himself with how glad he was to see Snape standing there.

Wait… he’d actually stopped a Slytherin from attacking a Gryffindor?

“Mr. Montague, if you could be so kind as to discuss classwork anywhere other than the Great Hall, it would be advisable.” Snape’s silky tone was dry, his eyes narrowing not necessarily at either student in front of him, but up at the high table a little distance away.

Ah… he didn’t exactly care about a Gryffindor being attacked, but he certainly cared that one of his snakes was stupid enough to do it while a dozen teachers are literally right there. Yeah, that makes way more sense.

“Yes sir,” Graham let his wand drop and shot Harry one last scathing, triumphant look as he walked away immediately.

With Harry’s notes.

Snitch. Harry cursed darkly after his retreating back. Too bad for you I knew you’d do it.

Snape didn’t feel the need to say anything else but also shot Harry a derisive, dismissive look as he continued on his way to the high table himself. Harry would’ve been annoyed by a teacher so blatantly not caring that he was going to be attacked by an upper year just now if he didn’t already fully expect that from Snape and also wasn’t so surprised he hadn’t been hexed just now—he was fully prepared for it too.

In the tense silence after the Potions master glided away, he huffed out a relieved breath.

“Well… seems like I won’t be leaving the Great Hall until Montague is definitely in classes.” He admitted, and finally saw the forcibly blank expression Blaise had on when he abruptly cracked it enough to roll his eyes.

Draco looked furious, but Harry just loosened his grip on his wrist and used it to nudge him slightly.

“Let it go, Draco.”

“He took your notes,” He grumbled.

“Yeah, but they’re replaceable. He’s a jerk but that’s not shocking to anyone, and I miraculously was not hexed so I consider this a win.” He dismissed brightly.

“You took that remarkably well.” Blaise raised a brow at him challengingly.

Harry scoffed, loudly. “I was prepared to get hexed the first day I sat here and have been waiting for it all year. I’m honestly shocked it took this long to happen, and I don’t expect this’ll be the last time something similar does happen. I may be in Gryffindor but I’m not that stupid.”

Blaise got a kick out of that and Draco at least seemed soothed he really was taking this seriously.

Harry made a show of getting them back on topic for the rest of lunch and then pointedly not leaving the Great Hall until the bell for afternoon classes had rung, however he knew Montague wasn’t actually waiting for him around some unsuspecting corner. Which was apparently exactly what Draco was clearly fearing as the blond actually walked him back to Gryffindor tower after swinging by the library to study some (like Draco would be able to do anything? As a first year, against a third year? Against someone with more political clout than him that he couldn’t fight back against? Draco’s fretting was so intense is actually clouded his logic, which was troubling if not touching).

Harry wasn’t concerned that fight was going to be finished later—after all, Montague had gotten what he wanted. Picking on a couple of first years was just an easy, extremely believable cover.

So now, Harry could actually focus on studying for his finals because operation fox was officially out of his hands. He just had to sit back, cross his fingers, and wait.

000

“Draco! Draco. Draco you lazy bum wake the hell up! This is important damn it!”

Draco was, as a rule, not a morning person. His preferred sleep schedule would be somewhere between 3am-1pm, if not longer given the chance, but he forced himself to function like a relatively normal person so as not to miss meals and, since coming to Hogwarts, classes. People always assumed he was a lazy if he slept in, despite the fact he probably got more done after midnight than anyone else his age, but he was still trying to build his reputation amongst his peers so he attempted to wake at normal hours when he could.

That did not mean he liked waking up.

Ever.

So, at the intrusion above him he groaned from beneath the many pillows he’d buried himself under, trying to get away from the sharp voice piercing his now-blurry dreams, blinking rather blindly at the vibrations on his bed telling him someone was shaking the bed around him sharply. Half-asleep Draco almost thought it was one of his house elves as his mother usually let them wake him up since he was typically in a foul mood after first waking and she’d made it clear she was not interesting in dealing with that. And the elves feared his parents way more than they feared him, so when his father commanded them to wake his son in the next five minutes, they usually took drastic measures.

History told him if he didn’t sit up and at least pretend to be awake in the next minutes, the shaking would turn to magically summoned water and that always put him in a foul mood for the rest of the day, so as soon as he was just awake enough to make that connection he lurched upright with a groan, blinking.

Wait, someone was talking…

“-are you listening to me?”

He blinked.

“What?”

Smack.

NOW he was awake, and reeling back in shock as his cheek smarted sharply. He clapped a hand over it, the coldness of his always-cold hand soothing it instantly but still—did he just— !?

“Did you just slap me?” He demanded, finally awake enough to recognize that Blaise was practically beaming into his face, kneeling on the edge of Draco’s bed in their dorm like a little kid who’d been told today was Christmas morning.

Okay, what the hell!?

“Yes,” Blaise confessed, seemingly totally unrepentant. “But Draco, you don’t understand—this is important!”

“What was so important you had to slap me for it!? What time is it even!?” He demanded sourly. Their finals were officially over and they had all today and tomorrow to do nothing before they were sent home— there wasn’t another homework due until September and most of the year’s house drama had reached its end with only fools scrambling to get something done with so little time left, so he could’ve slept in all he wanted, today of all days!

“Late enough, but shut up and listen for a second,” Blaise didn’t seem to care at all about how pissed the blond was, leaning even closer from where he was kneeling too close to him excitedly. “I’ve got great news! I know you were praying Montague dropped dead of his own accord but the greatest thing just happened.” He paused for dramatic effect but was clearly too eager to wait that long. “He failed.”

“Failed?” he blinked.

“He failed one of his exams!”

Draco did not have warm thoughts for the third year, but he also failed to see how this was revolutionary. It was known to happen, and it would be a killer hit to Montague’s reputation, but everyone already knew he was a dumb jock with more viciousness than cleverness. One of those loud-mouthed Slytherins who didn’t realize him picking fights with Gryffindors was inconvenient to everyone around him. Him failing was funny, but Blaise was way too excited for that to be the whole story.

“Okay? Good for him? Why did you feel the need to wake me up for this?” He groused and Blaise rolled his eyes impatiently.

“You’re so lame. Fine, will you react if I tell you he failed due to plagiarism?”

Draco’s mind went blank.

…wait, what?

“Plagiarism? Are you sure? That’s just…”

“Stupid a hell, right!?” Blaise clapped his hands together happily. “Oh gosh Snape is pissed. He can’t do a thing about it even if he wanted to—which to be clear, he doesn’t. Montague is essentially ruined for this!”

Draco tossed his blankets off, sitting up properly and Blaise letting him as he continued to grin like a loon at someone else’s pain.

“I just… the fact I hate him aside, I didn’t think he was that stupid.” He admitted.

“You and me both—the common consensus so far is that he had some kind of breakdown during studying and just lost his mind.”

“How many people have you told already?” Draco stopped wondering how Blaise found out about things a long time ago—all he knew was that he was good at sussing out secrets and if it would ruin someone’s reputation and/or make their lives even slightly inconvenient, the Zabini heir was a gossip whore who worked overtime to make sure everyone knew about it as fast as humanly possible. He didn’t even care about using it for any kind of advantage (he had plenty of those up his sleeve, he didn’t really need more), he just got way too much enjoyment in spreading rumors like it was his sole mission in life to fan life into a fire consuming a forest.

And worse, is that he didn’t lie. He didn’t spread false rumors, so if you heard it from Blaise, it was definitely true.

True to form, the tall Slytherin scoffed. “Please. Pretty much everyone awake right now and I’ll get everyone else before breakfast.” He boasted proudly. “Montague is never going to recover from this and you know it. Consider him one less problem anyone has to deal with, you and Harry included.” He beamed.

Draco shook his head, too used to it by now to be surprised.

“Do you know what subject it was?”

“No,” Blaise admitted morosely, sounding sorry he didn’t. “All I know is that it wasn’t Potions or Montague would not be breathing right now.”

No, Severus took so much pride in his potions that he might’ve strangled Montague personally for daring dishonor the subject by being so freaking stupid. Draco winced just from imagining what his godfather might’ve done to the third year if that’d been the case.

“The downside to this is that whatever teacher’s subject this is, they took two hundred points from Slytherin for it. And Snape can’t even argue about it because, come on: plagiarism!?”

“Shit, that means we lost.” Draco did some quick math, and realized it was actually close but with that deduction it was definitely a loss for them—and Gryffindor had likely won as they’d been in second place as of yesterday. “Oh man he’s never going to recover from that. Failing from plagiarism and losing the house cup to the lions of all people in one go? Ha!” He was starting to see the gloriousness in this and his foul morning mood melted away.

Montague would never be able to openly pick on him or Harry again because at least in Slytherin house he’d be a laughingstock. It was one thing for Harry to taunt him, calling him weak for needing to pick on younger years to feel strong, but this changed everything—this made it true. He’d spend the next four years at Hogwarts trying to rebuild his reputation and it was a crap shoot on if he’d ever manage it. What he wouldn’t do though, is risk looking desperate to seem strong by picking petty fights with underclassmen he (and everyone else) already knew he could win. That would not help him rebuild what he’d just lost, which meant he would be on his best behavior from here on out.

Because seriously. Not one person in this house gave a shit Montague had cheated—cheating was a fully viable option in the snake house because sometimes, that’s just how you got what you wanted. Cheating was not only fair game, it was fully expected on every level among them. In fact it was more of a surprise when someone played honestly, just because it was so unexpected.

But getting caught cheating?

There was no way to come back from that. That was essentially the big glorious signal that Montague was a bad Slytherin.

And he could talk all he wanted about Draco being a bad snake for befriending a Gryffindor, but the Malfoy heir could actually go join the football club and get chummy with as many muggleborns as he liked and he still wouldn’t be as bad a Slytherin as Montague officially was now.

He started to grin, and he didn’t care that Blaise was seeing him smile so unreservedly because he himself was doing it too.

“Oh, and you haven’t heard the best part.” The Zabini chirped, sounding like he was about to die from happiness right now. He didn’t even dislike Montague like Draco did, he just reveled in others’ misery far too much.

“It gets better?” Draco was pleasantly surprised, and Blaise nodded quickly.

“Yep! The absolute cherry on top is that in lieu of having to repeat the whole year of whatever class he failed, he’s allowed extra study sessions next year to catch up. Essentially detentions to re-learn stuff, I figure. But oh, the best part, is that because of it he’s been kicked off the quidditch team! Since clearly he can’t study and be an athlete!”

Draco stiffened at that—because as a die-hard fan that news hit even harder than detention for life would’ve—but he then remembered it was Montague he was sympathizing with and laughed gleefully at this news.

The jerk deserved it for all the headaches and annoyances he’d causes this year. And for almost hexing Harry into oblivion just the other day!

“Karma couldn’t have picked a better guy,” He decided bluntly, Blaise cackling like a madman as he scrambled off Draco’s bed finally to dust himself off and do a little happy spin for flare.

“Well, you know and now I’ve got to go tell literally everyone else. What a lovely end-of-term surprise!” He positively sang as he made his way through the door. Draco let him go, relaxing in these new, pleasing thoughts.

He glanced over and saw Nott already dressed, reading on his already-made bed. One look at his face and he knew Blaise had already told him too, because he was in a much better mood than he normally was.

000

Harry had not expected that the most excited person about Montague going down in flames would be Blaise. After giving it some thought though, he realized that was a stupid thing to be surprised about—of course Blaise was all about spreading rumors just to watch someone suffer.

It was pretty much the shock of the year so far when, for the first time in what was probably decades, a Slytherin ran up to a group of Gryffindors in the entrance hall on their way to breakfast, and pureblood snob or not, Blaise had excitedly told all of them his news. Draco wasn’t even anywhere to be seen, the Zabini had come up to them all on his own and looked positively thrilled to be defaming one of his own housemates.

And Dean was somehow brave enough to point this out. Blaise was in such a good mood he seemed entirely willing to be friendly to all of them this morning, and eagerly responded.

“Oh please, Montague is a dunce of a Slytherin and we all kind of suspected it but this bloody proves it, doesn’t it!? I mean, it’s not exactly cleverness to pick fights, but house unity and all that we have to stick together if he picks a fight and it’s just a right pain in the arse if you ask me,” He babbled, chatterbox tendencies amped up to 1000% and Harry almost wished he had a video recorder to document this moment. He settled for watching on in amusement.

Dean seemed highly entertained by Blaise’s antics too. “And he was kicked off the quidditch team on top of it all? That sucks—for him that is.” He chuckled.

“It breaks the quidditch team clique they had as well—all dark pureblood families and unified for the team? Talk about hard to plot around an alliance like that!” Blaise complained emphatically, and Harry saw that statement sail right over his roommates’ heads. Seamus even scratched his temple as if trying to figure out what the hell that meant.

And well, they didn’t exactly have time to explain to a bunch of lions about how complicated Slytherin house dynamics really was, so Harry changed the subject.

“Do you think he’ll show to breakfast?”

“I mean he has to, essentially.” Blaise scoffed. “We don’t put emphasis on bravery like a Gryff would, but we do have our pride. If he dares hide his face today then not only is a coward, but he has no pride even in failure. The first might be forgiven, the but second never would.” He explained imperiously.

“Even if it’s essentially just going to be a walk of shame for him?” Seamus raised both brows incredulously.

“Yep!” Blaise rubbed his palms together rather diabolically, which caused Dean and Seamus to lean away in mock fright. Or maybe real fright, Harry wasn’t actually sure.

He laughed it off though, either way.

“Well I am definitely sitting at the Slytherin table this morning, because if this is how you’re reacting I want to see everyone else break character too,” he teased, earning a light smack to his shoulder.

“Oh ha. This is greatest bit of gossip I’ve had all year, don’t ruin it for me!”

“On the contrary, I happen to know it’s about to get better.” He promised, and everyone looked at him in surprise, Blaise snapping to attention intently.

“Wait, Harry, you knew about this already?” Seamus blink.

“You knew I was plotting something,” he pointed out, and the Irishman immediately folded.

“Right… I didn’t want to know. Not sure I want to know even now…”

“Well I do—what the hell!? Spill it Potter!” Blaise barked, seeming to forget about personal space for a moment as he got close to demand answers, practically clinging to his robe collar and Harry laughed again as he shoved him off.

“Well come sit down to breakfast and you’ll see!” He teased and the Slytherin looked very put out—only for it to be replaced in a split second by eagerness and curiosity oozing from his every pore.

“We’ll leave you to it; let us know how it goes.” Dean waved them off happily as Blaise practically dragged Harry back to snake territory in eagerness to see whatever it was Harry had up his sleeve go down. Harry waved back at his roommates, particularly a rather baffled looking Neville.

While he only seemed to have a thing against Draco in particular, in general Neville was more of ‘just avoid them but don’t actively hate them’ kind of person when it came to Slytherins. The fact Blaise (a pureblood name Neville definitely had a preconceived notion about) had come running up to them like a little kid on Christmas eager to share his new toy with them had probably shattered some of his world-view.

But in a good way, Harry hoped, as he left him to stew that over for this meal and instead let Blaise drag him over to where Draco and Nott were already sitting.

As Harry sat next to Draco and Blaise plopped down across from him, the complaining started.

“I want to know, I want to know, I want to knooooow,”

“Christ Blaise, shut up!” Draco huffed.

“Long morning?” Harry commented lightly, earning a dark look.

“He slapped me to wake me up he was so excited.” The blond grumbled. “Lord knows what he’s on about now.”

“I promised him something else to gossip about. Sorry, I didn’t mean to make it worse.”

“I’m not going to blame you,” Draco huffed, glaring at the slap-happy Zabini across from him.

“Who gave Zabini sugar first thing in the morning?” Daphne appeared, slipping onto the bench on Harry’s other side and he beamed at her while she nodded her greetings back.

“It’s gossip. Apparently, it works like sugar.” He explained cheerfully.

“You are a cruel person for keeping me in suspense.” Blaise complained, actually ignoring Daphne for once instead of picking a fight with her just because.

“I don’t want to hear that from you of all people.”

“Guys,” Daphne cut them off, and they all realized what she was trying to say as the man of the hour actually showed up to breakfast just as Blaise said he would.

Graham Montague, Harry had to admit, had some pride since he managed to keep his mask composed as he entered the Great Hall and made his way to his normal spot for breakfast towards the head of the table, meaning he had to walk past pretty much his whole house to get there. And when he did get there, the quidditch team that typically sat around him had mysteriously found elsewhere to be that particular morning. Go figure.

The other three tables in the hall were loud and chatty as ever, no one realizing the Slytherin table had fallen pretty unusually quiet all of a sudden as they whispered amongst themselves almost in sync for when he walked past them. Treacherous things, here and there, and as Daphne actually snickered a couple dark comments lowly for only Harry and Draco to hear around her, he found he actually really enjoyed this when he wasn’t the one everyone was whispering about.

What was that saying? If you couldn’t beat them, join them? That’s exactly what this felt like. He’d actually infiltrated the snake house enough to be included in on an inside joke against an actual Slytherin and while unexpected, it was an awesome bonus to his plot to destroy the third year.

And I mean… I’ve already won, technically. But I wouldn’t be a Gryffindor if I didn’t rub it in with as much dramatism as possible—and I also wouldn’t be the Gryffindor that was almost put in Slytherin if I didn’t take the opportunity to deal a killing blow. Just to make sure that there would be no recovering from this.

All he had to do was wait, and he didn’t have to wait long. Montague was clearly only here to put in his required appearance, consume some acceptable amount of food to make it look like he wasn’t feeling the pressure he absolutely was, and then get the hell out of dodge as fast as possible. So Harry had only just finished his first cup of tea when Montague stood, and Harry slipped his wand out of his cloak sleeve in preparation. He knew he was going to need it.

He waited until just before the third year was going to pass by where they were sitting, and luckily he was on the opposite side of the table so Harry could face him properly for this.

“Hey Montague.” He called out—not loud enough that the whole Great Hall heard him obviously, but the fact all of Slytherin was watching this particular guy they all shut up and stared at him as if he grew another head for what the hell he was doing. Blaise, Nott, Draco, Daphne—pretty much everyone snapped their heads around to stare at him in shock for it so sharply it looked rather painful.

The third year in question broke his mask to look downright furious the interloping Gryffindor dared try and interfere with his walk of humiliation, but even he couldn’t lash out right then. Not when everyone was watching and he knew he was on thin, thin ice.

And Harry was not, for once. He knew they thought he was insane and pretty much suicidal for speaking up just now, in this situation of all situations, but hopefully they’d get over it in a minute or so. And at least the first year Slytherins knew better than to doubt him, when they saw him smile rather wickedly.

With Montague sufficiently halted in his steps and his undivided attention (fury) on him, Harry waved at him in a deceptively friendly manner.

“Remember that time you called Malfoy a sell out?” he chirped.

Everyone blinked.

Even Draco looked shocked, tilting his head as if silently asking what the hell are you doing!?

“What?” Montague finally broke, seeming taken off guard despite seeming pissed a Gryffindor firstie was actually talking to him right now.

“Remember that time you called Malfoy a sell-out, and told everyone he was an arrogant brat?” Harry reminded him kindly. And then… after a second or two to let that reminder sink in, he dropped his smile and mustered up the coldest, most pissed off look he could muster. “Don’t do it again. How’d that Transfiguration essay go for you?”

He both felt and heard at least half of Slytherin house choke on air.

Draco’s hand lashed out to clamp over his arm in shock, and Harry let it happen while keeping his eyes locked on Montague, whose face had gone white as a sheet.

Before slowly turning a deep, thunderous red.

“You… you!” He had his wand out in an instant, but so did Harry, having fully expected it—and in a move that was like rubbing salt in a wound, he cast his modified duro without hesitation, the sleeve of the Slytherin’s robe not only turning to stone, but turning to marble and weighing about 40 times what it used to. It forced his wand arm down and Harry was just that much faster so it interrupted his wand movement, canceling whatever curse he’d been about to fling dead. It was so heavy in fact that the teen stumbled a bit to the side, but still managed to keep his feet—sheer rage seeming to drive him as wordless anger seem to explode out of him. “I’ll fucking kill you!” He hissed venomously.

“Why? Because you’re not much of a snake?” He lifted a casual eyebrow at him, twirling his wand in his hand flauntingly. “I am only a first year after all. I can’t beat you in a fight, and one would think a Gryffindor could never best a Slytherin in a game of wits. Funny how that is, isn’t it?” He shrugged, pressing lips together thoughtfully and fully aware of all the eyes watching him with drop-dead shock. “Go ahead and hex me but remember that I do not forgive people who hurt my friends. And I can hold a grudge.”

He narrowed his eyes pointedly at the upper year to drive home his point and Draco just about fainted beside him, the hand on his arm tightening near painfully like it was the only thing keeping him upright. Blaise looked like he was in absolute bliss. Even Nott was just gaping openly with wide blue eyes, almost like he wanted to stare at Harry but couldn't quite keep his eyes off Montague, who was still pissed and armed and the biggest threat to everyone at the moment.

There was a beat of silence as Slytherin as a whole digested that rather open, but nevertheless deadly threat that’d just been issued.

And then…

“Holy shit I’m in love.” Blaise announced bluntly, and Draco spluttered violently, going between looking at Harry in shock and Blaise in absolute betrayal.

Even more so when Harry just grinned and winked at him playfully.

Draco made a sound like a dying owl and flailed a little helplessly. While the upper years hid their reactions better, by their expressions it was clear that if they weren’t so reserved they’d probably be doing the same thing.

Montague just stood there, furious… but also seeming to realize the corner he’d been backed into. Not only had Harry just taken credit for his failure, but he’d also outmatched him before he could get a single spell off. There was absolutely no way to save face right here and now, and despite how unquestionably angry he was right then, he knew it.

Especially not when Harry lifted his wand and benevolently fixed his sleeve, returning it to normal.

Essentially daring him to attack now.

Because if he did, he’d just dig a deeper hole to bury himself in, and that was exactly what Harry wanted.

Come, play into my trap, the words were not said but they might as well have been by the red head’s wide, too-pleasant grin and the fury etched onto Montague’s face.

But lashing out in anger was a Gryffindor thing. If Montague fell for it, he’d be no better than an impulsive Gryff, and then there was no hope for him—at all.

And he must’ve had some pride as a Slytherin left… because he just turned on his heel and stormed from the Great Hall as fast as he could without running. His face was still beet red—either in fury or humiliation, there was no way to really know.

And Harry was disappointed the guy didn’t play into his last trap, but not that put out by it. He kind of figured he might not, and in any case it didn’t matter. He’d already won.

So he grinned, letting everyone know just how very pleased with himself he was.

And also to await the fallout, because no one had stopped staring yet and he did not expect them too any time soon. Which, was fine by him, because now they weren’t staring out of hate or mistrust and he’d done his hair nice today so they could look all they wanted.

The first person to break the silence though, legitimately startled Harry.

“How did you do it?” Nott asked the question they were all dying to know, his face was intent, and urgent, if not still blank as always, but the fact he talked (to him!) caused Harry’s jaw to drop.

“Nott! You talked!”

“Shut up and answer the question, Monroe.” Harry startled again, realizing that despite the sharp tone, Nott remembered all the way back to first day when he’d snapped at him to call him Monroe. That was…

Huh.

Well, he was already planning on explaining so he shelved his surprise for a moment to get back on track.

“I’m pretty good at Transfiguration, or so I’ve been told, and I actually cleared third-year level spells a while ago now. One of the things I’ve been working on with Professor McGonagall is actually research into the hardening charm, which just so happens to be one of the charms third years are allowed to do an essay on for their final. I’ve even made some ground with it and McGonagall knows all about my research on it from months ago, in depth—I even gave her a rough draft of the paper I want to publish in a couple years when my work is more fleshed out! And on an entirely unrelated note, it just so happens that I’ve got a certain pair of third-year twin pranksters who owe me quite a few favors.” He leaned back a bit, putting a hand over his chest as if swearing on his honor as he smiled innocently.

“The fact Montague never heard about that essay until three days before it was due and I just so happened to have a copy of my draft paper on me and he happened to overhear me talking about it at lunch the other day was a total coincidence, I swear.” But by the way Blaise was grinning like a madman and even Nott started to smile with eyes glinting in interest, he knew his real meaning was understood in full. “He’s the one who wanted to rough up a couple first years and take it for himself, and who didn’t change the wording enough for McGonagall not to notice it was my work. I didn’t force him to write that essay, nor to write it badly—it’s his fault for not understanding the source material enough to paraphrase.” He explained while grinning to make sure everyone was abundantly clear that yes, yes he did fully force Montague to write that essay but you definitely could not prove it.

He left out the part of him inventing a new spell in that explanation though. No need to give away all his cards.

But it was an open and shut case from McGonagall’s point of view, as she’d come up to him yesterday and rather casually asked him if he’d handed out his paper to anyone other than her and professor Vector. He’d felt a little bad about playing her, but he’d stuck to it his plan as he avoided her gaze and told her he hadn’t.

She wasn’t stupid, and she’d clearly made the right connection to infer that Harry hadn’t given his paper to anyone. Montague had taken it, and he had a history of being a bully, so it wasn’t even that big a jump to make.

The nail in the coffin though, was that there was no way McGonagall was going to buy that Graham Montague, who’d been an otherwise decent but average student in her class for the past three years, had suddenly broke ground on a thousand-year-old subject within weeks of Harry, an actual Transfiguration prodigy, doing the exact same thing on the exact same spell. She still had Harry’s original draft paper locked up in her office after all, and a quick comparison probably sealed the deal in seconds, (AND provided iron-clad proof for when Snape likely came trying to defend his student that even his biased ass couldn’t fight against). Her asking him was more a fact-checking mission than anything—she hadn’t told him someone had stolen his work yet, but he had a feeling she would sit him down before the end of the year to talk about guarding his research properly.

He didn’t intend to go waving his work around for the taking like that again, in any case. This time had been fully on purpose, and for a greater cause though, not something he’d make a habit of. Snape finding out about his Transfiguration skill and getting told off for being loose with his notes were necessary evils for his success though, so he was prepared to accept those consequences when they came.

“What deal with the devils did you make to get the twins to do that?” Daphne wanted to know, eyes glowing eagerly.

“They owed me a favor and now Montague will be a year behind them in Transfiguration. They don’t like him much so the fact it was him was a bonus even if they were paid well for their services in other ways.” He winked, leaving out exactly how he paid them. He wanted it known he could trade with the twins—if the Slytherins could trade to avoid getting pranked, he knew at least a couple of them would try for it, and they’d be willing to pay a pretty penny for it too.

“Even I wasn’t expecting him to get banned from Quidditch, but…” He continued, glancing slyly at the blond beside him and Draco stiffened noticeably. “I do recall someone promising to play Quidditch with me someday… and you’re supposedly a great chaser, aren’t you Draco? I hear there’s a spot open on the Slytherin team!”

Draco looked stunned…

…and then eventually smiled, his grey eyes still in shock but earnest joy lighting up his face.

“You’re going down Potter.” He sniffed haughtily—and now several people were grinning, as if forgetting for a moment that Slytherin house didn’t do such things. It was just too entertaining not to.

The wider audience of the Great Hall had obviously seen Graham Montague storm out of here in a huff, and the more gossipy few had been wondering what that was about. Those few were looking towards the Slytherin table, and were actually very startled to see all the snakes grinning like they hadn’t just lost the house cup as of this morning. And what was weirder, is that they all seemed to be looking towards a very fluffed up and cheery Harry Potter, who was tossing his hair over his shoulder proudly while everyone around him stared with stars in their eyes.

Slytherins didn’t do things like that, much less at the rouge Gryffindor who sometimes sat at their table, so it was kind of frightening actually.

“Potter that’s just… how the hell?” Blaise was not over this, seeming half stunned and half gleeful at this turn of events.

Harry scoffed audibly. “Being a stereotypical bully doesn’t make you strong, or worth noticing, it just makes you predictable. Predictable people are easy.”

Blaise tossed his head back in a laugh. “And you’re friends with Draco why?”

“I am not predictable!”

“Draco, you so totally are, but you’re also lucky I like you!” He teased lightly, and the blond flushed a darker red and kept spluttering indignantly. “I reserve revenge for people who I don’t like so you’re safe.” He patted him sardonically on the head, careful not to mess up the perfect silvery locks.

“So you’ve got a temper and can be tactical. Draco, you’re doomed.” Blaise snickered, Draco shooting him a betrayed glare. Harry didn’t quite get that one and glanced around for a clue, but no one seemed willing to answer his silent question.

As the whole table was shamelessly eavesdropping and watching this go down, Harry did not hear a nearby fifth year mutter under his breath something that sounded like it might’ve been ‘whipped’—but Draco did, and his ears got hot despite his effort not to outwardly react to it.

And Blaise, being the guy that he was and also having obviously heard it, decided to pour salt in Draco’s wounds. Because that’s what best friends did.

He turned back to Harry with his most charming grin that instantly put Harry on alert.

“Harry, I love you. Marry me?”

“We’re eleven, Blaise.” He didn’t miss a beat, but grinned in amusement.

“You’re more Slytherin than some Slytherins I know, and my mother has trained me since birth to marry up. Please?”

“If I thought our marriage would be a long one without a planned death involved, I’d consider it.” He winked playfully, Draco doing his flailing thing again and even getting a sympathetic look from Nott.

“I promise not to Black Widow you, you’re far too devious to fall for it.”

“Ah, but I might Black Widow you if I get bored. Will you keep me entertained, Blaise?” He hummed far too innocently.

“I am in love,” Blaise was far too loud in declaring that, and most of the upper years were smirking darkly now.

“That means he’s a better Black Widow than you,” Nott pointed out quietly.

“So it does—so unfortunate all my training was for nothing.” Blaise’s mock ‘despair’ implying he was not bothered by it at all, in fact.

“I’d pay good money to see who kills each other first.” A fourth-year chimed in from down the table.

“Same.” Like six other people chorused, startling a laugh from Harry at the dark humor.

Draco flailed yet again, his face turning bright red. If anyone didn’t know about his crush at that point (spoiler alert: they were Slytherins and already knew months ago) they certainly did now.

But suddenly, he was a lot less judged for it. He was Gryffindor… and the Boy Who Lived… but Harry Potter clearly wasn’t who they thought he was, and Blaise, the Untouchable Slytherin, kind of had a point.

Even considering who he was, that would be a ‘marrying up’ kind of situation, so the Malfoy heir was very suddenly not such a clueless child who made poor choices in allies, and now more a keen snake who’d managed to sniff out one of the strongest players of his grade, got them on his side, and hadn’t backed away from it despite the house pressure against him.

And that… did not make him a bad snake.

At all.

Montague was a bit thick and kind of an asshole even by Slytherin standards, but he was a good Slytherin. And their house was built off hierarchy… so the fact a first year Gryffindor took down a third year Slytherin so brutally (beautifully) meant he was not someone to mess with. Or… at the very least simply someone you had to handle with all your wits about you…

…like you would a fellow snake.

Huh.

“Nott, this is literally four hundred times more than you’ve said in my presence all year and I’m dying here.” Harry complained, beseeching the guy across the table who had finally closed his book and was actively participating in the conversation now, and the boy sighed as if very put upon.

He paused another couple seconds as if giving it some last minute thought, before seeming to come to his decision.

“You’re weird, and a bad political move on every count.” He paused again… but then smirked. “Call me Theo.”

Harry had never felt so high in his life as he beamed at the boy across the table, who ignored him and opened his book once more to return to reading now that the imminent drama had passed…a small upturn to the corners of his lips.

Slytherins were cold-hearted bitches when they wanted to be, but they could read the tide better than anyone and go where they had the best chance of success. Harry felt powerful, as he’d forced the tide to move in his favor, and he could almost feel the attitudes around him shift.

Not an outcast any longer, but a player on their field that they’d treat like they treated with anyone of their own house.

Not just a Gryffindor amongst a nest of Slytherins… but Harry Potter.

And it took a freaking year to do it, but operation fox had bloody succeeded. They finally saw that Harry was here to deal with them… and they should be way more unnerved by that than any old Gryffindor.

The Boy Who Lived was just a title, a myth.

Harry Potter was the guy who was going to make their lives hard if they didn’t watch their steps—and in true Slytherin fashion, he could almost feel the anticipation in the air around him, for what the next years would bring.

000

It was later that same day, late at night when he was hurrying back to Gryffindor tower to avoid being out after curfew after visiting McGonagall, that he ran into yet another dark hooded figure, this time at the end of a poorly lit Hogwarts hallway.

For as powerful as he’d felt only that morning, he suddenly felt very, very vulnerable.





Chapter 30: Book 1 : Pride : 30


Chapter Notes

Okay, I might've gone a little gruesome with this one. This story is already marked for graphic depictions of violence but here's your reminder than I wasn't kidding about that.





It was funny, how you didn’t often think about the heart in your chest until it was dying.

It was always there, it kept beating no matter what, and you never noticed it… but the second it even so much as skipped a beat, everything inside of you knew about it. It was an organ that had no sense of touch or feel, it couldn’t feel heat or warmth or pain—but damn could it make you feel those things in its stead when it wanted to.

Harry was used to his heart skipping. A sudden drop in the air when playing quidditch, a thrill of excitement at anything new and magical, the shock of a prank going off loudly behind him. For hell’s sake, in his first quidditch game ever his broom had almost bucked him loose, and he’d then immediately proceeded to pull a huge diving stunt, jump off the damn broom itself, and almost swallow the freaking snitch to for a Gryffindor win. He’d almost been squished to death by a troll not two months into the school year. He’d provoked a third-year Slytherin fully expecting to get hexed just because he knew it was necessary for his plans to succeed. He’d lied to Vernon Dursley’s face countless times knowing one small slip up earn him weeks trapped in a small, confined space near 24/7.

He was used to adrenaline, he thought he understood fear and how to master it so it didn’t look like he was afraid. How to lie and pretend his heart wasn’t pounding and the flush on his face was from excitement, not terror.

But he had really, really underestimated just how powerful fear really was.

He’d also very stupidly decided to forget about that hooded figure in the Forbidden Forest from months ago, shoving it from his memory so that he could sleep soundly at night and live a happier life without the constant fear that someone or something was out there eating unicorns and thought nothing of eating him too. Like an actual bloody boogeyman he had tried so hard to pretend wasn’t real—or that it couldn’t touch him if he just didn’t go near the forest again. Let Hagrid or Dumbledore or the centaurs handle it, not plain, weak, eleven-year-old him.

I really thought they’d handle it, his mind weakly complained in despair, even his own mental voice breathless in fear as he stood paralyzed by the very familiar hooded figure at the end of the hall. Even not seeing its face, he knew it was looking right at him, and his instincts screamed that it was not here for good, friendly reasons. Instead his breath caught in horror the same way it did when he’d looked up into the eye of a twenty-foot troll suddenly standing next to him.

I’m such a fool. When did I start thinking adults were trustworthy?

But then it hit him like a lightning bolt—McGonagall was still in her office only one short hallway away. He’d just been there to bother her with more questions, and he knew she’d be there for the foreseeable future to grade all the term papers she still had left. And that was one adult he still had faith in.

He inhaled sharply to scream—but then a wand was pointed right at him and he didn’t hear what was said but the world blurred out of focus like he was fainting and suddenly he couldn’t feel his body.

Give up.

What…?

Give up.

Oh, that seems… nice, I guess…

No need to worry. Everything is fine.

That’s good. Everything is… fine…

WAIT.

He jerked out of it, blinking and his heart dropping to his stomach to see the figure suddenly closer, time having passed without him having realized it. What the bloody hell has just happened!?

“Wha-” He gave a strangled gasp but he couldn’t even get it out before the wand was up again, and this time he heard it.

“Imperio.”

Give up. Everything is fine.

That doesn’t seem right… but it’s so soft here… so… foggy?

Everything is fine. Relax.

Give up.

I don’t want to… do I?

Give up.

Okay… I can…

Relax. Nothing here will hurt.

That’s good. I hate fear. And pain.

Wait… what is hate again?

Give up.

Give up…

…wait—NO!

He blinked rapidly, and suddenly he was much farther down the hall than he remembered being. Wait, had he been moving!? Why couldn’t he remember!? What the actual bloody hell what happening!?

He heard the scuff of a shoe on the stone floor behind him, and wand pointed at his back or not he panicked and bolted in a flat-out sprint.

“PROFESSOR!” He screamed for all he was worth, trying to get his bearings but he had no idea how far he’d just unknowingly walked from McGonagall’s office and in his panic he couldn’t recognize the paintings or tapestries on the wall as he ran as fast as he could. “PROFESSOR!” He shrieked again, praying to god that she heard him, that someone heard him—shit he’d even take Snape or bloody Peeves right now just—

“Crucio!” A silky voice hissed behind him, but he couldn’t even give a thought to how oddly familiar the voice was before his world absolutely whited out in pain unlike anything he’d ever felt before. He’d really rather face a hundred trolls and have them rip his bones out to use as toothpicks in front of him than bear it even a second longer—

—and then the world went blissfully dark.

000

Harry dreamed of his graveyard.

He couldn’t quite remember what had happened, but his hands were shaking and he felt chilled in the way only a cold sweat could make you, the blood suddenly pumping too hard and leaving your fingers and toes and lips oddly numb.

He was sitting in front of his father’s gravestone, back slumped against it as he tried to breath but couldn’t quite make the air feel warm and comforting as it entered his lungs too roughly—it still felt stale and stifling. He figured he was here because James Potter’s grave was nestled between the one marked Lily, and that oddly unadorned one with Sirius Black etched into the impassive surface, and these three graves were the most important ones right now with his soul quaking in the wake of whatever had just happened. In fact, he realized Sirius’ grave had moved to be closer all of a sudden—it used to be farther down the line of tombstones where he’d stuck it because he didn’t really know what to do with it but now it was here, and he hadn’t consciously done that he didn’t think. Then again, this was a dream, not his normal mental exercises.

Come to think of it, he’d never had a dream of his graveyard before, or at least he couldn’t remember ever having a dream here before.

“What happened?” He spoke aloud to the empty graves who wouldn’t talk back to him, asking the blank stone with his father’s name behind it like it would make a difference. His voice wavered, unsteady in the oddly muted, oppressive air.

He didn’t expect an answer, but for some reason he suddenly felt he had one.

Not to his question exactly, but an answer all the same.

“I need to build walls.” He realized, sitting up and pressing his palms flat to the cold, living ground beneath him as the world came in and out of focus for a nauseating second. “Something’s out there, isn’t it? I need… I need walls.”

He felt unsteady, but this was a dream so as soon and he could focus enough he was able to stand, and suddenly he was by the big iron gate that marked the unofficial entrance to his graveyard. Unofficial because he’d never really considered long on what was outside his imaginary graveyard—this was just his mental escape when he needed to focus on calming down or prioritizing his thoughts, and somewhere he knew he should’ve started to think about what was outside of this place, but he never had before.

Suddenly it seemed very, very important to get on that right away.

Because as he looked outside of the gate and a nothingness stared back at him that petrified him to his very soul. A blank emptiness that meant nothing—but he knew with absolute certainty that something indescribably horrible was waiting in that blankness. Just… waiting.

He took an automatic step back as fear seemed to lunge at him from outside the gate—and the world he’d imagined disappeared.

000

As Harry opened his eyes, it took him a surprisingly small amount of time to figure things out. Maybe it was because his whole body was still sore as hell from whatever that agonizing spell had been, and the sharp stinging pains still digging into his muscles and behind his eyes were slapping him awake with each throb of his heart and putting everything into focus via large doses of adrenaline. Whatever the reason, fight or flight was burning hot in his veins and flight had already happened—and failed.

He was not sure how fight was going to go, but he somehow found focus he usually only did when he was murderously angry. Maybe Hermione’s books had finally started working, because he quickly mentally arranged his mind to give his energy direction instead of just seeing red this time. Also, that odd dream haunted him slightly as he blinked awake, and he knew without a doubt that it was important. His graveyard wasn’t safe, and while he didn’t understand it, he knew he needed to do something.

Like, right now.

He welded his eyes tight once more before even moving an inch, and promptly buried his graveyard inside a mountain. He’d ready Journey to the Center of the Earth in his elementary school library what felt like lifetimes ago, and so he imagined his picturesque graveyard with it’s shining sun and seasonal weather and soft grasses and delicate flowers was exactly as it was—just buried so deep you’d need a novel’s worth of adventure and luck to manage to make it down that far. You’d have to get past cave-ins, tornadoes, underground oceans filled with horrific abominations, and dinosaurs to make it to his graveyard—and he couldn’t quite remember if there’d been velociraptors specifically in the book along with the other dinosaurs but he definitely included velociraptors because they were probably the best guard dogs he could think of.

Later, he’d think up a much more creative, easily grasped defense to his garden, but for now that seemed good enough.

That being the most urgent of things on his mind, his mental space seemed easier to organize all of a sudden. He shoved his fear down because his heart beating in his throat didn’t actually help him much now, and he opened his eyes once more to get his bearings.

Very quickly he managed to determine he was on a stone floor that still felt like Hogwarts although the room specifically was absolutely foreign. Fire burned in a ring around the room, and he saw no clear exits—not that he could get past the fire which burned so heartily it was probably magical and also likely a stupid idea to try and touch. For the contents in the room, most pertinently he sensed the presence of another person behind him almost immediately, but before he moved to give himself away he spared a second or two to observe the only other object in the room in front of him.

And it was in fact that horribly familiar mirror he hadn’t seen in months.

If he could’ve possibly felt more unnerved and scared, he would’ve felt it seeing that damn freaking mirror. As it was, he couldn’t actually get more freaked out or on edge right now, he was already at the end of his rope and his heart and mind couldn’t actually take anymore, so he simply noted the mirror for what it was and decided it wasn’t as important as the other person in the room.

He took stock, finding he still has his wand in his sleeve.

Odd.

And… very suspicious.

Whatever the reason, he was unable to keep calm any longer and now that he had all the information he thought he’d get from lying on the ground, he bolted upright and spun on his heel as fast as he could, whipping his wand out to point at the other person in the room and—and…

And Professor Quirrell stared back at him, unbothered by his sudden movement and also unnervingly unworried about the wand being pointed at him. In fact he had on a new expression altogether—the historically nervous man seemed flat and irritated, nothing more.

“P-Professor!?” He eeked out, almost lowering his wand before his instincts kicked in and he firmly held it in place. “What’s going on!?”

The Defense professor just gave him an irritated look.

“You’re a remarkably troublesome child, Potter.” He intoned darkly, without a single stutter in sight which was enough of a shock to get Harry’s mouth popping open a bit in shock.

“Wha—you—?”

“Oh yes, who would ever suspect p-poor s-stuttering p-professor Quirrell?” He mocked his own stutter derisively, walking forward towards the mirror behind Harry, and he stumbled out of the way quickly to keep distance between them. Not that the man cared, not even sparing him a look as his eyes fixed on the mirror in a rather creepy way, Harry had to admit.

His mind raced. “Suspect you of what? What did-” His questions bubbling to the surfaced silenced themselves when the professor shot him a dark look over his shoulder and suddenly a trill of fear jolted something in Harry’s memory. That, and a stab of pain directly to his forehead that seemed to dunk his body into a cold sweat instantly.

He’d never seen the hooded figure’s face, but the ice cold hatred in this professor’s eyes and the mysterious pain suddenly seemed very familiar.

He realized, but he still couldn’t believe it. It just… it just made no sense.

“You… killed the unicorns? You attacked me.”

Twice, his mind provided for him but he didn’t voice the thought since Quirrell was clearly fully aware of what he’d done. And lacked any remorse for it at that, given his eye roll.

“Pity I didn’t succeed that night. Or… perhaps it was fortunate, as this mirror has provided quite a perplexing challenge.” Harry felt cold when he glanced over his shoulder once more, the look in the man’s eye anything but warm. “My master believes you may be able to help overcome it.”

What? What does that… what is any of this about!?

Harry had no idea what was going on, but he did know this man would be only too happy to kill him. All logic and reasoning and motives aside, whether they made sense or not, Harry just shoved it all aside and kept his guard up. He had to figure out a way out of here, but even standing and free to look around the room, he saw no exit. The door he did see was wreathed in fire, and he instinctively knew not to touch the flame as it was absolutely not normal.

He wants something from me. I need to keep him talking, I need to be useful to him. He’ll kill me once he gets what he wants most likely, so I need to continue being useful or bargain for it or… or something.

“What do you want me to do.” He got out in as level of a voice as he could, trying to think of whatever it was this full grown wizard could want and how to get out alive depending on what it was.

By his darkly amused expression, he knew exactly what Harry was doing.

“It’s such a shame you weren’t in Slytherin. You might’ve been able to see things our way, or at the very least the snakes would’ve eaten you alive. How entertaining that would’ve been.” He mused, mostly to himself it seemed so Harry kept his mouth shut. He was used to the comments, although from a professor much less an adult who’d previously tried to kill him was a new one. “In any case, you didn’t interfere at all this year, surprisingly. And since you’re being… cooperative I will explain. Dumbledore has hidden something inside this mirror—something I very much want and in fact came to Hogwarts specifically to get. If you help me get it, my master is willing to… be gracious with his mercy.”

By the silky tone he had and the reminder of Hagrid’s words that those who drank unicorn blood lived a cursed life, Harry didn’t trust a single thing he said. Sure, he figure the wanting something in the mirror was probably true. The mercy though?

Yeah, if he was anywhere close to being in the mental space to be able to laugh at that right now, he would’ve.

“I’ve only seen that mirror once and I don’t know how it works.” He defended, taking a calculated risk in revealing that. He didn’t know what Quirrell thought he’d be able to get something out of this mirror, but there had to be a reason, and he was banking on the fact he could bargain on it. “And also if I could get it, you’ll kill me the second you have it.”

Quirrell had a good poker face, but Harry sensed the anger in his brief answering silence, and knew he was right.

“Look into the mirror,” He deflected, stepping aside and everything inside Harry told him it was a bad idea.

“Ah… I would rather not.”

“Come here boy,” Instantly angered and hissing venomously, Harry flinched at the sudden explosion of wrath before it melted away and Quirrell quickly regained himself. “…look into the mirror.”

Right… he was not in a position to argue, he was going to be killed. Sooner rather than later if he was being difficult.

With those fantastic options in front of him, he slowly stepped in front of the mirror, hyper aware of the man next to him and the seething anger still lingering in the air although he seemed deceptively calm again. He looked into the mirror, prepared now, and he was too consumed by fear and adrenaline to feel anything when his parents and the man he knew was Sirius Black appeared over his shoulders. Unlike last time though, they were all glaring venomously as Quirrell instead of smiling warmly down at him.

Sirius actually seemed to attempt to hit him over the head, although the silent, ghostly reflection had no impact.

“What is it you see?” Quirrell demanded in the same slightly angry, silky tone.

There was no way he was going to tell the truth, because clearly that was what the man wanted. Also, if he couldn’t guess that an orphan would see his parents, he was stupid as hell.

Lying just came easy, and he didn’t even have to think or hesitate to answer.

“I’m shaking hands with McGonagall… I’ve won awards for quidditch, best seeker of the century.” He described, putting just enough nervousness and hesitancy into his tone to make it seem like he had no idea what sharing this information would do.

Unfortunately, even if Quirrell bought it, it didn’t matter.

“He lies,” Something hissed from seemingly nowhere, and Harry almost jumped in surprise—as it was he tensed to the point his still-sore body screamed in protest at the motion.

“Tell the truth,” the clearly deranged professor suddenly bellowed and Harry flinched, trying to maintain at the least the pretense he wasn’t freaking out right now.

“Let me… speak to him,” The hoarse, whispery voice spoke again, and Quirrell turned sharply, seeming to address no one.

“Master you’re not strong enough,” he seemed genuinely concerned, and for some reason it was creepy as hell.

Also, that ‘master’ was here!?

Harry tried to scan the room discretely again, but he saw nothing. He didn’t see where the voice could’ve come from and it freaked him out even more than this situation already freaked him the fuck out.

“I have strength enough… for this.” It spoke again, and Quirrell seemed to relent… turning slowly back around to face him from where he’d drifted forward in his concern, and lifted his hands… to undo his turban.

Uh…what? What is he…

Harry felt ice cold and indescribably horrified as the garlicy purple cloth fell away, and in the reflection of the mirror he saw another face.

An ugly, twisted, morphing face.

Harry almost threw up.

“Harry Potter,” it hissed, and he nearly did feel bile in his throat at the disgusting little mouth moved in time with the word. “We meet… again.”

WHAT THE HELL!? We’ve met!? What the—what the—what on--!?

It hit him like a freight train, and suddenly his mouth moved despite his brain being too horrified to even process this information.

“Voldemort…” he breathed, noting Quirrell’s expression facing him change but not giving a shit as his eyes fixated on the creepy face in the mirror. Stuck in disgust and terror as it seemed to bare its teeth at being addressed.

“Yes. See what I’ve become? See what I must do to survive? Live off another, a mere parasite…”

Good for you, why do you need me for this? Harry whimpered internally. This was bad, this was so bad. It wasn’t just Quirrell, this was Voldemort. This man… killed his parents. Killed so many people and he…

Harry felt his vision blur a bit in anger, before he took a breath and centered himself quickly, remembering his graveyard. He didn’t have a grave for Voldemort, and frankly he didn’t want one there, but he knew he’d likely have to make one after this. He needed someplace to dump these emotions so he could focus on the matter at hand, and the word ‘parasite’ triggered something.

He imagined a large jar full of green liquid, a disgusting, wiggling grey worm twisting venomously inside it—but stuck for now inside it’s glass container. It was just a pathetic worm in a jar, no need to be terrified.

It only kind of worked, but it did help calm in down, just a little. And that was all he needed.

He was still terrified, but he still had his wand. He’d initially through Quirrell too arrogant by letting him have it, but now realized he was likely rightfully arrogant. It wasn’t just one teacher, it was lord bloody Voldemort and Harry was just a first year who was pretty good at Transfiguration at best. He’d lowered his wand at some point, knowing there wasn’t much he could do, and now he pointed it at the ground, searching. He just had to stall and distract them from noticing, even while two sets of eyes (ugh, gross) were fixed on him.

"Why didn't you just kill me then. You had every opportunity to." He managed to get out, pleasantly surprised that he actually sounded normal. He refrained from actually voicing the fact that he was responsible for this parasite’s demise and therefore probably correctly assumed Voldemort wanted him dead. If he was interpreting the mushy emotions on the ugly little face, the dark lord was already very aware of his hatred for the boy in front of him.

“I did try… the troll, the broom, the forest… but this inept fool was unable to actually succeed. Not with Dumbledore watching, not with Snape’s irksome interference. He plays his role too well….” And whatever that meant, he sounded so seethingly murderous about it that Harry almost pitied Snape for a split second.

This revelation also really helped it sink in for Harry that Dumbledore had hired Voldemort as their defense professor for an entire year and hadn’t noticed. Strongest light wizard there was his ass—there were not words to describe how remarkably done Harry was with that old Headmaster after this, not even considering he’d still yet to properly meet the man. He was absolutely dead to him after this.

“But now…the stone is here, I just can't get it. So you're going to get it for me."

The even tone had Harry’s hackles up, and he forced himself to remain composed. The ‘or else’ to that deal was clearly received despite not being spoken.

"And how the hell am I supposed to do that? What stone? And whatever is this mirror?"

The disfigured face sneered, in what might’ve been both a glare and a smile at once. "The mirror of Erised… it shows you what your heart most wants in this world. I can see myself holding it…"

He still didn’t explain what the stone was and frankly Harry didn’t care. His fear had morphed into anger at some point—anger at Dumbledore and anger at this monster who’d taken away his parents. Anger he hadn’t felt since Christmas when rage had made his hands shake for days after facing this mirror. Rage that burned hot and ugly in his chest, sparked by the unfairness of it all when he’d seen his parents look at him so lovingly in a way that would never be real, no matter how desperately he wanted it to be.

And his parents were in the mirror over the dark lord’s shoulders, their eyes sad and warm as they looked at him.

It made him so angry it was only the barest semblance of control keeping him together.

He snapped.

"Well I don’t bloody want it; how am I supposed to get it?"

"You don't crave life? Fame and fortune—and love?" Voldemort sneered back, ire and anger responding in kind to Harry’s sharp tone.

He didn’t hold back. "I have both fame and fortune thanks to you murdering my parents, asshole. And what the hell would you know about love?"

It was instantaneous, and he didn’t even have time to fear the spell when the word crucio left Quirrell’s lips—he couldn’t see and a couple seconds later he realized he couldn’t even hear over his own screams of agony echoing around the stone room. His mind whited out the pain, from the mess of suffering he could only separate the memory of him realizing he was on the ground, the cold stone a balm on his cheek from the fire ripping through his body. There was white mist…

And then he was blinking, on his feet again and in front of the mirror pointedly, and he cursed viciously inside his mind, clammy and shaken from the pain and confused about the change in scenery.

It’s that damn ‘imperio’ spell again, wasn’t it? What even is that!?

He wrenched free of the foggy grip it had on his mind and stumbled a couple short steps to the side, trying to get his bearings and knowing there was no way he could actually run, but trying to get some distance the best he could. And also trying to get out from in front of the bloody mirror.

"Stop that! How are you even doing that!?"

"Look," The hissing voice he already hated instinctively commanded him, and some invisible force jerked his body forward to stand in front of the mirror again. As if an invisible hand clamped down on his chin and held it forward, he was forced to look into the glass reflection, and once again saw his parents—friends and family, all of them—smiling at him happily like nothing was wrong.

It pissed him off and he ground his teeth together viciously despite the force holding him still.

"I can bring them back, you know. With the stone I can do unimaginable things, control life and death…"

Harry felt his temper surge mercilessly and despite something holding him still, he jerked violently and managed to free himself just enough to speak despite it feeling like he was going to have bruises on his arms and jaw from breaking the holds on him.

"Don't you dare." His voice was unfortunately raw, angry, and giving away too much of his pain for his liking in front of an enemy, but he just didn’t care right then. "Don't you dare defile their deaths, their memories—their sacrifice. They're dead and they should stay that way… this world wouldn't be the way it is without their sacrifices. Without people who live and die for something worth it."

With a burst of anger he felt heat warm the cool air of the stone room and he managed to wrench free, wand shooting out to point at the purple turban on the ground and transfigure it into a bird that shot at the man behind him. It was very short lived though as a wordless wave of Quirrell’s wand turned the bird to dust with an pitiful squawk before Harry could blink.

Neither him nor Voldemort seemed even slightly threatened by the attack either, both just sneering at him derisively.

"A noble sentiment, but ultimately stupid.” The parasite scoffed darkly. “Who do you think you are… Potter? Trying to be brave and wise… but you're just a child who needs to comfort themselves with vain ideas of sacrifice to get over the fact you are alone in this world. You lie to yourself… that your parents died for some worthy cause, but in the end they're simply dead… and they left you here."

"And whose fault is it they're dead!?" Harry surged again with a shout, shooting the first spell he could think of—he wasn’t even sure what it was but Quirrell batted it away without even blinking. He felt angry, and painful tears at the corners of his eyes but begged them not to fall. He had to keep it together—he couldn’t cry in front of this man. He wouldn’t.

"Their deaths were for a greater cause. Or would have been if not for you…" Voldemort hissed, venom and hatred dripping off his tone in spades. "You insignificant child… it was you that caused my spell to backfire. You were nothing, you are nothing… so what is it that protected you from a curse that defeated thousands before you? Grown wizards and children alike."

Harry felt sick. The pain of losing his chance at a family was one thing… imagining how many children (infants) this man had killed almost made him puke again.

"This nothing defeated you and I can't even remember a thing about it. Must not have been a very good spell." He hissed, knowing he needed to cool it and think smarter about this, but he was too angry to actually act on it.

Both ex-professor and dark lord looked down on him darkly, mocking him.

"You insolent brat—you don't even know what a killing curse is, do you?"

Killing curse? What… is that what…?

"A curse just for killing? Christ wizards are so excessive—a cutting curse to the neck not good enough for the great and overly dramatic Lord Voldemort, huh? Would've saved you a lot of death and humiliation if you weren't such an egotistical drama queen."

"Crucio!"

At some point while he was screaming on the ground, a clear thought filtered through the agony in his brain and reminded him that he really needed to shut his mouth. This wasn’t Blaise, this wasn’t Snape, this wasn’t any other Slytherin… and he was being very, very stupid.

As the pain abruptly stopped and he panted roughly into the stone beneath him, he realized he was probably incredibly stupid actually. Miraculously he still had his wand in his hand, although his knuckles were white from how hard he’d been gripping it, and he had a thought that he very much regretted having.

But he didn’t have a better option, so he gave a sob that was actually not that hard to fake. In fact he wasn’t 100% sure it was fake—but either way as he did it, he pointed his wand and roughly pushed himself up, turning to flash the man (men?) above him a glare.

"Hit a n-nerve, did I?"

He screamed as the world whited out into even more pain.

But… hopefully his captor was too pissed off at him to notice what he’d just done. That was the only thought that kept him sane as the agony seemed to stretch this time, waves of it increasing periodically until he was sure he was about to start seizing or his heart was about to just fucking give up on him at any moment.

“Enough,” a hiss caused the pain to disappear, and he was jerked sharply to his feet by yet another invisible force and he was too out of it to even care he was looking into the mirror again. "You will retrieve the stone—now."

Oh sure , let me just do that for the guy who murdered my parents…

But… he was surprised as his vision blurred back into focus, and he realized the image in the mirror had changed. He saw himself… but his reflection was moving when he most certainly wasn’t. He watched… watched his reflection pull something from his pocket, and held it up pointedly. It was a deep red chunk of glass-like rock, with golden ripples through it that were clearly magical.

His reflection put it back into his pocket slowly, and Harry felt cold realizing he could feel something actually slide into his pocket.

Oh no… oh no, I actually have it now. Oh no, oh no, oh no… I’m pretty sure it’ll be a bad time if he gets it, he can’t be using it for something good, and more importantly as soon as he DOES get it, I’m literally dead.

Shit. What---what do I—!?

He blinked, realizing his reflection was moving again. This time it smirked darkly at him as it pulled to stone out, turning on it’s heel… and hurling the stone as hard as it could and the magical artifact smacked Quirrell right in his actual forehead hard enough that he fell flat on his back—directly onto Voldemort’s crusty parasitic sneer.

It was so absolutely ludicrous it startled a hysterical laugh from his lungs against his will—something he instantly regretted when the invisible grip around him tightened painfully and he got twin glares promising even more pain any second now.

“What do you see?” Quirrell demanded this time, and Harry shot him a defiant look for all he was worth. Well, honesty first after all, since clearly the mass murderer in his skull was some kind of lie detector.

"I see myself with the stone… and I'm chucking it at your head hard enough to knock the annoying ghost right out of you, Professor."

He heard more than saw Quirrell’s wand lash out, the swish of his robe sleeve sharp and without hesitation as he cast a wordless spell. Harry braced for it, but felt nothing… until something stung at his cheek more sharply than if he’d gotten slapped, and suddenly that whole side of his face felt hot. He was a bit depressed he immediately recognized the thick scent of copper in the air.

And then he felt the pain, a wet gurgle as blood flooded his mouth escaping his voice, and he couldn’t look down to see, almost too belatedly realizing he could look into the mirror still in front of him to see what had happened…

…and instantly regretted it.

“ENOUGH, you welp,” Quirrell was pissed, and Harry had already known it but his stomach felt cold and his brief bravado vanished in a puff of smoke as he realized how serious this was.

Harry coughed on the alarming amount of blood invading his mouth and Quirrell stalked away in anger, the invisible force suddenly releasing. He stumbled to suddenly be free, one hand automatically coming up to clap a hand over the cut he now had on his face, instantly regretting it from how much more it stung (it already stung really badly, how did it sting more just by touching it). He knew he shouldn’t touch it as that was probably really unsanitary but he needed to hold himself together… he was in shock, he realized, and too dizzy from the abrupt blood loss for this to really sink in.

Because that cut had gone straight to bone, and if he didn’t hold his cheek together now from the gaping flesh wound he’d just gotten he would be able to see his own skull in his mirror’s reflection, and that thought just did not compute.

"I've almost tired of attempting to use you as my revenge. Perhaps you're right, I should kill you now since I have the opportunity. You're not worth the irritation to keep you alive, no matter how much I despise you." Voldemort’s hissing, his calm anger not sounding near so calm anymore, and as he spoke Quirrell’s wand moved again—and again once more.

A line of fire spread out from across his stomach, and then another over his thigh. The last one caused him to stumble, just barely managing to stay upright but no longer able to see his reflection to assess the damage. He couldn’t focus… he put his free hand on his stomach and it felt too hot, too slick. Not good.

"F-feelings… mutual."

It was only after something hit him with the strength of a troll’s club whacking him like he was a golf ball that he realized he’d said that out loud. He wasn’t sure he meant to do that or not, and liked to assume if he weren’t so lightheaded right now, he wouldn’t have done it. He must’ve lost consciousness for a couple seconds because Quirrell was still in the process of stalking towards him for too much time to have passed and yet he didn’t quite remember imbedding himself into the stone wall to the side of the chamber either, the fire flickering over the rubble around him but thankfully not touching him.

That was the only thing to be thankful about, because from how his whole body was numb and too hot, he realized this was probably it. He was already dead—the damage done from the blood loss and that hit were enough to kill him if someone didn’t find him soon, because from how his limbs were not responding he’d broken a lot of things and was not going to be able to fight back successfully even if he managed to summon the energy to try. Somehow his mind was cold and clinical as it reminded him how close the troll had come to killing him—this was stunningly worse than that and there were no teachers here this time to stop the bleeding.

He was going to die.

And Quirrell got close—walking backwards so that it was actually Voldemort’s disgusting face aimed at him and frankly that was the most disturbing thing Harry had ever witnessed.

"Such a smart mouth." The monster of a man sneered, now above him and leveling a wand directly in his face. Harry could only stare at the offending piece of wood, a wash of helplessness taking over.

He hadn’t expected to win… not since waking up in this chamber he didn’t really expect to get out of here, not even despite how hard he’d been thinking and plotting and fighting, his cynicism was too hard to ignore. But he hadn’t given up the fight or the small hope that he might make it out of here somehow, yet now… that small hope disappeared into a puff of nothingness, like it was never even there.

The dark lord narrowed beady red eyes at him.

“Too bad you lack the power to even scrape the surface of living up to such arrogance. You are nothing, and I will prove it once and for all. It was a fluke that saved your life before, but there will be no such mistake this time… I will see to it."

This was it… he was going to die.

There was that saying, where when you were about to die your entire life flashed before your eyes, but Harry found that to be surprisingly untrue. There were tons of things he probably should’ve been thinking at that moment as the wand inches from his eyes flickered with magic, the sinking defeat he felt convincing him for one long moment that he was going to die, the sickness from blood and pain that dug fiercely into every part of his being…

But he surprisingly thought of nothing.

And then, be it instinct or his body’s last ditch, desperate effort to live despite his mind already having checked out, he lurched forward. He didn’t even think he could feel his arms right then, so it was a surprise to see his own hand snap forward and grab onto the hand holding the wand about to end his life, as if trying to stop it in vain.

All it did was cause the spell to miss, and he felt another line of burning agony cut into his shoulder, that entire arm disappearing from his control immediately.

Cutting curse. That’s what these are… probably shouldn't have brought it up, to be honest.

But he blinked, realizing the ringing in his ears wasn’t because of blood loss.

Quirrell was screaming.

Why is he screaming? I’m the one dying here…

But his sense of touch came back just in time to realize he was still holding Quirrell’s hand. Only… the man had backed up, screaming a sound of agonizing pain, and as Harry watched… the appendage in his arm crumbled into dust.

Oh… my god.

He let the ash fall through his fingers like the it was some sickening version of sand, numb in horror as black spots threatening his vision. It was all just too much.

I’m going to pass out… I’m actually going to pass out that…

And yet as his eyes trailed in dazed horror at the dust now coating him, he realized that damned wand that was about to kill him was now in his lap. Way belatedly he realized he had no idea what happened to his own wand… clearly it hadn’t helped him though… and yet…

Levitating cloth, blindly flinging spells. That was stupid, wasn’t it? He was just a first year. And this was lord Voldemort.

This was lord Voldemort.

Numb fingers laced around the wand in his lap, and he was so sick in pain and muted horror (grief, rage, injustice, frustration, dripping from his tongue if he could just form a single word to say it) he realized he was going to die, and so the point of following rules suddenly made no sense whatsoever.

Voldemort did not deserve human decency. He had no right to something he didn’t even know the meaning of.

There were some lines you didn’t cross, but Harry suddenly saw no reason not to.

The answer was simple: Voldemort deserved it.

The torture curses, the blood, his own skull… suddenly it didn’t seem like there was a point in being… hesitant.

It really couldn’t get worse than this, and for some reason that thought brought him peace.

A calmness he hadn’t felt since he’d been back in McGonagall’s officer earlier this same night filled him, and he tried not to imagine the disappointment and disgust on her face that she’d undoubtedly have if she ever learned what he’d done.

He lifted the wand, and while the motion was all but impossible with how battered he was, conjuring the magic to him was not. It was simple as breathing—even if breathing itself was actually a bit hard right now, to be honest.

Simple as magic.

Rule number six: don't transfigure gases anywhere near where a living being is breathing.

He followed the rise and fall of magic and suddenly Quirrel was choking—violently. Harry was so far beyond caring though, he felt nothing to see the man suddenly coughing up sand as it made his lungs all but useless. For some reason it didn’t seem in impact Voldemort though, who screamed something harshly, the hissing filling the chaoticly echoing room, but Harry didn’t waste the effort listening to what it was.

He simply reacted when Quirrell obeyed some command and lurched forward, despite the fact he would not be able to breathe again.

Rule number two: don't ever transfigure the human body.

In a twisted mimicry of what he’d done to Montague only just this afternoon, the arm extended towards him intent on harm turned to solid stone, the hand and the sleeve and the arm all the way up to the shoulder blade. It fell off the body it was attached to in short order, stone crumbling as it hit the ground with a loud crackle and a wet bloody stump spilling blood onto the floor from the violent loss of a limb. Too bad Quirrell was already suffocating, so fortunately there was no scream to accompany it despite Harry assuming it probably hurt quite a bit.

Rule number ten: never attempt to transfigure blood.

Harry had had enough of blood for tonight, and the blood on the floor turned to water. The man above him collapsed bonelessly, writhing in muffled grunting from the sand in his lungs and water pouring from every orifice. Water being thinner than blood, there was very little keeping it in anymore apparently and it seemed as if the body in front of him sweated every drop of liquid inside of it in seconds.

Then he stopped moving, one last twitch on the ground before utter stillness—very much dead.

Harry heard a ghostly wail in the distance as his hand dropped, the wand clattering to the ground, watching an ash-covered something rise from the new corpse in front of him but just having nothing left in him to do anything about it.

He didn’t even have time (or energy) to fear what it was before it shot through him—disappearing but not before something shrieked in agony somewhere deep inside his skull. He heard something snap, before it became too much (it was all too much) and he finally lost his fight with consciousness, finally escaping this waking hell.





Chapter 31: Book 1 : Pride : 31


Chapter Notes

Thus concludes year one, and to be honest not sure where to go with year two. I was trying to follow original canon loosely, but closely, but I want Sirius involved like asap... he's my favorite <3





Harry knew he was on a lot of pain reducing potions because he was staring at the ceiling of the hospital wing before he even realized he was awake. He blinked and the world faded in and out of focus, and he wasn’t really happy to realize he knew the feeling of pain reduction brews already. He’d only been at Hogwarts a year, after all.

After lying there for a minute or so, he came to the conclusion he was also on a calming drought, because there was no earthly reason he shouldn’t have been screaming right now. His last memory was…

Well, he winced, thankful that the motion didn’t seem to hurt.

"Harry, my boy. It's good to see you awake." A voice Harry vaguely recognized pulled him from his thoughts that didn’t seem to be going anywhere anyway, and was pleased to find he could move his head freely to find the source. It couldn’t possibly be that he was better off than he’d been with the troll, right? Pomfrey hadn’t let him twitch for hours after he woke up that first time for fear of him hurting himself accidentally, so it didn’t really make sense why this time was different.

He shelved the question for the mediwitch herself when he realized who he was up against at the moment.

Albus Dumbledore was walking slowly up the aisle of beds in the wing, coming to stand by the foot of his bed and Harry very pointedly did not make a move to sit up or spend any energy to greet him. While he actually felt fine, probably because of the potions, and he couldn’t actually get angry right now thanks to the calming drought, he was not stupid.

When he was off the potions it would be… difficult to keep his anger at this man at bay, so he wasn’t going to get too friendly.

Ah… but I also have to play the part, don’t I? He wants me to be the Boy Who Lived. I need to let him think that’s who I am.

Well, he figured not making a move to get up was passive aggressive enough to get away with.

“Professor,” he greeted, his voice a bit scratching but groggy enough that the headmaster probably interpreted surprise rather than annoyance in his tone. At least he hoped he did. “What time is it?” He asked, hoping to delay whatever it was the old man was here for at least a bit, trying to get his wits back at least a little right after waking up.

“About ten in the morning, on the last day of term. It’s fortunate you woke up, or you’d have missed the closing feast.” Dumbledore had a very kindly air to him, and his blue eyes seemed very… warm. But Harry couldn’t help but think maybe the closing feast was kind of low on his list of priorities right now.

He liked treacle tart but he wasn’t that bad.

At least that answer told him he’d been unconscious at least three days. Pomfrey must’ve kept him under then while she healed him, instead of letting him wake up to heal like last time. Still didn’t know the difference but it explained that much.

“Although if you’d like a snack before the feast, it seems you’ve received some well wishers’ gifts, many of which seem to be sweet in nature.” Dumbledore continued, walking up the side of the bed to the bedside table and bring Harry’s attention to the pile of gifts there. He immediately recognized some gifts and who probably sent them, and smiled a bit despite Dumbledore being here to be reminded of all his friends.

Right… friends. Despite the horror he’d just endured… he hadn’t died and life had been good before that nightmare crashed down on him. He’d earned the trust of Slytherin and had good friends in all four houses. That hadn’t disappeared just because all he could think about was that damn chamber… and it was comforting to be reminded of them.

“May I? I’m quite partial to sweets.” The headmaster asked, and while Harry thought it kind of weird and rude, even he couldn’t eat all those sweets so he just shrugged. He watched the wizened man pluck a jelly bean from a Bertie’s Box and hum to himself as he tasted it… “Ah. Earwax.”

Harry thought it decidedly deserving, but kept his expression neutral.

He watched Dumbledore place the box down and clear his mouth of the flavor, clearly about to get around to whatever he was here to talk about, but Harry decided he had other priorities than the old man’s agenda. If he wanted to bumble around a conversation like he was just here to chat, then Harry could chat all he wanted.

“Professor, do you know where Professor McGonagall is? Do you think I could talk to her?” He asked as politely as he could, putting on his ‘oblivious Gryffindor face’ when the headmaster blinked at the random question.

He didn’t pause long, but he did pause to collect himself and Harry did not miss that fact. "I am not sure at the moment. I'm sure your classes could wait until you've rested some though."

"It’s not really classes. It’s more transfiguration in general." He edged, still as polite as he could. He coughed a bit, and Dumbledore offered him a glass of water he happily took—again pleasantly surprised that he had full use of his hands and body this time.

"I am not sure I follow." He frowned.

"Can’t I talk to her?" He hedged again like he didn’t see the problem. "She’s my head of house and I guess you can tell me what happened after I passed out later, if it's that important, but I really don't want to know to be honest." He made a show of shivering and the headmaster paused once more before his expression became kind once more and he nodded easily.

“I see.” He raised his wand and a plume of white mist appeared, darting off and disappearing out the main hospital wing door and down the hall—towards McGonagall’s office if Harry remembered correctly. "You should really be resting, though wanting a familiar face is understanding after that ordeal."

Harry read between the lines. Hagrid had told him that McGonagall was incredibly loyal to the headmaster—he probably thought having his deputy here would only summon an ally of his. He probably wasn’t wrong, but Harry was also banking on the fact the Transfiguration teacher was also his ally too. And at the very least she wouldn’t let the headmaster get away with toying with him while he was in a hospital bed, no matter if she actually was loyal to both of them equally. She was too much of a teacher not to.

"Am I actively dying?"

"Not at this moment, no." He seemed amused at this question.

"Then I'm good enough to talk." He said brightly, and the headmaster seemed entertained by his chipper attitude than anything, which was good.

Unbeknownst to him Harry’s thoughts were a bit darker than that though.

Sure proved I’m pretty much always good to talk when I couldn't shut my mouth despite being actively tortured.

It was pretty hard to keep his face blank, and was starting to realize the power of a calming draught because there was no way even his own sarcastic thoughts should be so flippant about something like this. It had been torture, hadn’t it? That… was what had happened. It just… refused to sink in, for some reason.

“Harry,” He was ripped from his thoughts sharply by the headmaster who was still by his bed, and had a grandfatherly expression on his face that Harry instantly hated from the sheer concept that he assumed it was more patronizing than caring. The old fart didn’t even know him after all, there was no way he actually cared like he was pretending to, so it could only be condescending and frankly Harry just didn’t have the time for it. He didn’t have a way of changing the subject suddenly either so bit his tongue quietly. “My boy, what happened in the chamber was indeed unfortunate. I wanted to commend you though, on your—”

“Mr. Potter!”

Harry’s head snapped up, finally sitting up properly now in his hospital bed and grinning at his knight in shining armor—or professor in spectacles as McGonagall made swift progress into the hospital wing and saving him from this conversation. She was not running, but she was certainly hustling, and she must’ve been close by when she received the headmaster’s signal because that hadn’t even been twenty seconds, he figured.

Harry realized he shouldn’t be grinning so openly though when she stopped at the foot of his bed with a huff and fixed him with a furious look that made him shrink back against his pillows slightly.

"You should absolutely be resting but it is good to see you awake! When you are well enough I will kill you myself for what you did." She scolded, though not nearly as coldly as Harry was expecting and he perked up.

"I am very, very sorry for breaking the rules of transfiguration but in my defense it was him or me and he very much wanted to kill me." He defended himself with his most innocent wide eyes, and she visibly softened. Only a fraction because she wasn’t a very warm person to begin with, but even that slight relaxing of her scowl made his heart lift.

"I do understand that, to a point, but I am very disappointed you used transfiguration to do it. That was… exceedingly brutal."

Understatement of the year, Harry felt a bead of sweat form on his temple and couldn’t help wincing a bit. You weren’t even there to see it happen.

McGonagall’s eyes darkened at his reaction, but nodded once as if accepting it as her answer. "I won't say He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named didn't deserve it… but Quirinius didn't. Even if he was a traitor, it seems."

"Let's agree to disagree, Professor." Harry huffed petulantly.

"Mr. Potter." She scolded again, but with a lot less enthusiasm than normal. But, it did tell him that they already knew it was Voldemort, somehow.

He glanced at Dumbledore but decided against it, looking towards his transfiguration professor instead. “So it… it was really him? I mean I knew it was him but… how did you know?”

Her expression became neutral once more, and he wondered if she’d learned schooling your expression from him, or he’d perfected it by mimicking her.

“You deserve to know, I suppose, although you will not tell any of your fellow students.” He nodded in agreement as she gave a sigh and continued. “Hogwarts has been protecting an important object all year after it was threatened in its original hiding spot in Gringotts. Hogwarts was deemed the most secure place after that, and we knew someone would attempt to steal it, but had hoped to leave openings and catch them in the act so they could face justice. We didn’t realize they would make an attempt while there were still children in the school, nor that it would be one of our own.” She seemed genuinely remorseful about it, and Harry believed her. He recalled upper years saying Quirrell only started wearing the turban this year—if she’s known him as a teacher for years before he became possessed, she probably had no reason to suspect him now.

Also, despite not wanting to give him any credit, Quirrell had a good act going with the nervous demeanor and the stuttering. Even though he was bitter about it, Harry himself had been absolutely shocked to realize the quiet professor had been the one to turn like that. It shook him, and he could only imagine it’d shake her too, her having known him a lot longer and probably on a more personal level than he had given how often he’d skipped Defense this year because of the odd headaches.

He recognized the hypocrisy of forgiving McGonagall for not knowing while fully holding Dumbledore accountable for the same exact thing— and to be clear, he did not care.

“I heard you screaming but by the time I got there it was too late.” She continued, suddenly looking extremely tired. “Albus, you were summoned to the Ministry on business which was apparently the moment he deemed appropriate to strike. I did call you back immediately however we didn’t quite make the connection that it was related to this object we were guarding. Your mice though, might've saved your life."

"They lead you to me?" Harry perked up again as she nodded with a proud glint to her eye, and he cheered significantly even with the grim topic. Spare stones on the floor of the chamber… a simple transfiguration into mice and sending them on their way… it was a miracle neither Quirrell nor Voldemort had noticed, but then again they’d been pretty pissed off at his smart mouth at the time. Maybe they weren’t so rightfully arrogant to leave him with his wand.

He frowned though, thinking it through. "How did you know Quirrell was possessed then? If you had no idea and just found us in that chamber…"

"It was… alarming, of course, but Quirrell was already dead and we'd known since I heard you scream that you were not a willing participant in whatever happened. Getting you help was our priority at the time." She explained calmly, which yeah, made sense he supposed.

"I arrived back from the Ministry an hour later and performed some diagnostic spells of the chamber to ensure everything that it was meant to protect was still secure. One of them turned up a rather vicious possession curse—or the remnants of what was once one." Dumbledore finally chimed in, and Harry blinked.

You couldn’t have done that literally at all this year to figure it out quicker? Maybe make that standard procedure in a magical school?

He kept his face blank though. “And is it? Still secure that is. That object or whatever; it was a stone?”

“Indeed. Minerva found it on you and we have safely returned it to its owners upon deciding Hogwarts not so suitable a place to protect it after all. You did not break the enchantment, you accessed it properly—only those who wish desperately to have it, but not use it, could ever retrieve it from the mirror.” He explained.

Again, that couldn’t have been decided at any time in the past year? Why did you think a school was a safe place again, especially if you knew someone was going to come after it, much less that that person ended up being Voldemort!?

“What was it? And why couldn’t the owners protect it from the start?”

McGonagall smiled wryly which Harry immediately interpreted to mean she’d asked the same question before, and now Harry knew exactly where to place the blame for this.

And the culprit was decent to answer him properly this time. “The object is a magical artifact called the Philosopher’s Stone. It is capable of granting one immortal life, and turning anything it touches into gold. Truly a wonderful feat of Alchemy created by a dear friend of mine, Nicholas Flammel.” Dumbledore gave a weary sort of trite sigh. “As you can imagine many people have sought this stone over time, for various terrible purposes. After this event I have spoken at length with him, and he has agreed that the best thing to do is to destroy the stone so that no one will be tempted in such a way again. He has just enough time to get his affairs in order before its power wears off, but agreed that it is time.”

“What!?” Harry balked. "That's not fair!"

"They're over seven hundred years old, they've lived a good life and were agreeing to it." The headmaster attempted to sooth him.

"Seven hundred years and they need to die because a dark lord that's probably a blip on their radar? That is hugely unfair in every way. Can't they just make a new one, use it when they need to, and then destroy it again? Rinse and repeat? More people dying because of bloody Voldemort is absolutely unacceptable." He ranted, and while McGonagall seemed to bristle at his language, she also didn’t seem to disagree either. In fact she looked to Dumbledore for his retort as he gave another weary sigh.

"Harry, you must understand-"

"Albus!" Once again he was saved from the headmaster’s patronizing, this time by Madam Pomfrey seeming to realize one of her patients had visitors and coming up to interrupt them. "Ah, Minerva too. I'm glad you're concerned about our student here but he needs his rest! Harry dear, how are you feeling?" She waved her hands to get the two teachers to back off a bit and addressed him much more kindly than last time he was here. He smiled at her wryly.

"Like I'm on a boat load of pain reduction potions."

She blinked a bit in surprise before chuckling and patting him on the head gently. "You're a keen one, aren't you? Please let us not make this a habit."

"I'll do my best, Madam." He glanced at where McGonagall did not seem in a hurry to leave despite being dismissed. "As I said, in my defense it was self-defense."

Pomfrey’s exasperated sigh at that matched McGonagall’s expression.

"Just… sit still, alright?"

"Yes Ma'am." He obeyed as she waved her wand to perform some diagnostic spells.

"I am glad to see you well enough to be your usual difficult self, Mr. Potter." She concluded, eyes growing a bit dark as they scanned him with a medical eye. "You were not well off when you were brought in, but keeping you under for the last three days did some good. You will actually be cleared to leave in an hour or so once I’ve finished some things up, but I have some things to discuss with you first.”

“Better or worse than the troll?” He was surprised by that news and she nodded his point.

“You were closer to death this time, but so far as fixing your injuries this go around was much simpler. Cuts and blood replenishing spells are easier than broken bones, and the complexity last time was your organs. No punctured or popped orangs this time, just a lot of cuts and bruises, no matter how serious they were.” She explained calmly.

“Oh. Okay…” he agreed, not liking the fact she still seemed rather grim.

“I was able to treat your injures that first day, however I kept you under for another reason. You have signs of being subjected to a spell called the cruciatus curse.”

Crucio, his mind whispered at him, and he automatically flinched. All three teachers seemed extremely grave.

“Y-yeah.” He agreed weakly. If they already knew there was no point in hiding it…

“A spell like that can cause a lot of nerve damage, and ghost pains for weeks afterwards. I’m going to send you along with a regimen of pain reduction potions to take over the next couple of weeks at home, as well as a couple calming draughts. You don’t have to take them, but they may help at times.”

Oh no. And I have to go back to the Dursleys… this summer is going to be hell.

He nodded to her obediently and she patted the back of his hand soothingly, looking as if she was trying to sooth herself as well.

“I didn’t know there were curses like that in the world,” he admitted, not really sure what to say and a bit surprised when McGonagall stepped forward again with a stern expression.

“There shouldn’t be—we don’t tell students about magic like this until they’re much older, but you of all people should know.” Harry noted Dumbledore frown behind her, but with her back to him the deputy headmistress neither saw nor cared as she forged ahead. She’d spent all year answering his questions, and despite him not outright asking now, she seemed to easily slip into teacher mode again at even the hint of his wary curiosity. “There are three spells that are appropriately named unforgivables, and their use is highly illegal. The cruciatus is one, and as I’m sure you’re well aware now causes indescribable pain.”

He nodded, thankful for the calming draught once again otherwise he would not be sitting here so normally hearing this. He was also calm enough to make an educated guess on the other two.

“I’m gonna guess another is cast by ‘imperio’?”

Both women on either side of him suddenly had thunder in their eyes.

“He used that too.” Pomfrey was stern, but her calm was masking a lot more than that. When he nodded she frowned even deeper. “It is one—the imperious curse is able to control someone and force them to do whatever the caster likes. It is difficult to break out of, and once under its control also difficult to notice someone is under it. In the last war there were many who were imperioused and forced to do the dark lord’s will. And of course… some who used it as an excuse to remain out of Azkaban.”

Harry felt cold at that knowledge—doubly so when he immediately realized that was probably how Draco got to grow up with both parents. He… wasn’t sure how to take that. He was also self-aware enough to know he shouldn’t be forming an opinion on it in his current state anyway, so he stowed that icy thought back for another day.

“The last, you above all should know of. The killing curse.” McGonagall explained grimly, and Harry didn’t really need her to elaborate more on it. “That is… another reason you are so well known. When He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named came to kill you ten years ago, not only was he destroyed which ended the war and earned you the thanks of many, but he also attempted to use the killing curse to do it and it didn’t work. No one has ever survived the killing curse, so it is not only a blessing he failed to kill you, but a rather impressive mystery as well.”

The Boy Who Lived. Okay… I guess the title isn’t as stupid as it sounds. I mean it’s still stupid, but it’s logical. The boy who lived while everyone else died to the same spell kind of make just a tiny bit of sense, I suppose.

With a jolt he realized that bastard has cast all three of the unforgivables on him at one point or another. And if what McGonagall was saying is true, that was a sick, twisted sort of record by all accounts.

He had no idea what to make of that.

“Awesome,” He sighed, his sarcasm earning a huff from Pomfrey and a quickly squashed smile from McGonagall.

“Alright, any more questions for now?” The Madam prompted and Harry blinked at her.

“Wait, you’re actually giving me free reign right now?”

She tisked at his incredulous expression. “Pertaining to the incident that happened, nothing else. Otherwise I am going to ask Minerva and Albus to leave so that I may take you through your potions regime and prep you to leave.”

“Oh,” he blinked, mind racing… but all the questions he had left were for Pomfrey herself, so he just shook his head.

“Very well, we will take our leave.” McGonagall placed a hand on his leg closest to her and shot him a rather tense, but surprisingly warm look. “I am… very glad you are alright, Mr. Potter.”

Harry was genuinely touched, his eyes a bit hot.

“Thank you, professor.”

She spared no other words apart from a nod as she left, and Harry only glanced at Dumbledore before pointedly turning back to Pomfrey, cutting off whatever he might’ve said.

“I did have some questions about… uh, my injuries.” He knew he sounded uncomfortable and the mediwitch instantly closed ranks in understanding, shooting Dumbledore a look that got him moving despite looking like maybe he also wanted to spare some kind of sentiment.

He could keep it to himself, so far as Harry was concerned.

“Of course dear, if you’d be up to hearing it I can explain what I did if you’d like.” She had him in here enough over the year due to quidditch, pranks, headaches from Defense, and of course the troll to be more than familiar with his curiosity and despite not understanding the magic or medicine behind it he liked to know exactly what had been wrong with him before she made it disappear with a wave of her wand. She was thankfully very understanding with this odd need of his, this quietly intense need to be in control of his own body, despite a lot of witches and wizards seeing no need to discuss such things when magic made things better an instant later.

“Yes please,” he sighed in relief and she pulled out some notes from her apron to go over it with him.

All in all, it probably sounded a lot worse than it’d been. Especially since Pomfrey said healing a cut, no matter how severe, was the first thing a medic learned so she could fix him up near instantly upon him reaching the hospital wing. He’d lost a lot of blood too, but again she’d had blood replenishing potions fully stocked in case someone needed them and while he’d needed two, that also had been a simple matter. What wasn’t so simple was the bad bruising from being blasted into a wall, but miraculously he hadn’t actually broken anything and that too, despite it’s severity, she’d cleared up in under an hour.

What was more complex still, was the nerve damage from the cruciatus curse and apparently the damage done to the ligaments in his shoulder—that cutting curse that should’ve ended his life, instead of landing on his neck had landed across his collarbone and into his shoulder which made it all but useless without those muscles holding it up, but that too she’d fixed within the first day. She admitted it was very hard to heal those sort of injuries without causing the inflicted more pain, hence keeping him under.

And even with pain reduction potions, it was also flatly impossible to fix the cruciatus nerve damage without triggering ghost pains of the curse itself, and for that Harry was totally fine with being kept unconscious for days if it meant he didn’t have to come near that kind of pain ever again.

Again, it could’ve been a lot worse and everyone seemed very aware of this fact—Harry acutely so.

Especially as he moved the collar of the pjs he’d been put into to inspect for himself how his shoulder was doing, and his heart dropped clean into his stomach to see the ugly red line exactly where she’d told him it’d be. He didn’t give a quaffle about his shoulder though, his hand instantly snapped up to his face in horror and realized he could feel the slightly raised skin of the cut he no longer felt, but had known was there.

Pomfrey saw his expression and seemed to startle, quickly taking his hand down and holding it in her own, assuring him when it healed it would be nothing but the thinnest white line you wouldn’t be able to see unless you were looking right at it in a couple days, it was just the residual agitation from the spell making it red for now. He wasn’t soothed though and wanted to see it—and she reluctantly summoned a mirror for him.

Something ugly settled in his stomach when he saw it… an angry, ugly red line went from the bridge of his nose and slashed across his whole cheek and clipped the bottom edge of his jaw. He was… alarmed that he was more upset about this than being injured in general, and he only realized he was breathing too fast when Pomfrey gently but forcibly put a potion into his hands and all but guided it to his mouth for him to drink it.

It tasted… not bad, but bitter as hell, frothy with hints of lavender and something chalky and slippery at the same time. As soon as it slipped down his throat his breathing evened out and he blinked widely at the mirror he was still holding, that ugly twisting in his stomach settled for now.

“That… was a calming draught?” He put together, not having even realized his mind had gradually become foggy—only now that it was clear again did he realize how off he’d actually been. That did not bode well but luckily he was too chill right now to be properly uneasy about it.

“Yes,” Pomfrey answered him but was looking deeply concerned as she removed the empty bottle from his hands. “You’re going to be needing a lot of them in the coming weeks, I think.”

“I… I shouldn’t have freaked out over a scar.” He frowned at the mirror again, eyes trailing up to his forehead where his original scar was in plain view once more. Clearly he hadn’t been able to cover it up for a while now, and he wasn’t happy about it.

He acknowledged it was vain but… it was also desperately important and he wasn’t sure how to voice that.

Luckily, Pomfrey didn’t seem to judge. “I am aware you cover up your scar which is why for now only you and I can see them, in case you know. I like to treat my patients with the dignity they wish for themselves so I tend to cast glimmers over them to prevent visitors from poking too closely about things they don’t wish to talk about for now.”

Harry’s head snapped up, eyes wide. “Wait, glimmers? What’s that?”

“A simple charm to conceal something about one’s appearance. I believe it is a third year spell, if I recall correctly, but you seem dedicated to concealing it and if it is legitimately upsetting I could perhaps teach it to you next year.” She explained easily.

“Wait so… Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall—just now they didn’t see either of these scars?”

“No, in fact while you were here last none of your visitors did. Is that alright? I simply assumed.”

“No that… thank you. Thank you for doing it.” He breathed, it not even having crossed his mind when he’d been laid up before… and now that he thought about it, it was absolutely strange Blaise hadn’t commented on it when he’d visited before. Even someone like Lu, who was nice but a pure Ravenclaw who liked to ask questions or Hannah who was all about the gossip probably should’ve at least made a passing comment if they’d noticed it. But they hadn’t—no one had and Harry hadn’t even considered he hadn’t covered his scar in over a week by the time he was let go from the hospital wing after the troll incident, but it just hadn’t crossed his mind given everything else.

She nodded, looking at him in concern once more. “It will fade, Mr. Potter, and I’m sure you can cover it as you have been quite easily. Next year you can learn the glimmer and it will be all the easier, but it should be the least of your concerns at the moment.”

“I know, I just…” How could he put into words in a way that would make her understand how his stupid little pride had probably saved his life? How taking pride in his appearance had morphed into pride in himself, how it’d saved him from believing the Dursleys’ rhetoric and considering himself nothing but a freak? How it had become so much more than just brushing his hair or covering his scar, but that was how it had started.

And how yes, it was vain and petty, but this new scar made him feel unsteady, like his foundation had shifted suddenly.

There was no way he could put that into words in a way she’d actually believe or be able to understand why.

Luckily, she didn’t seem to need an explanation to let him have his quiet somber moment. She was a healer after all, she was here to help him, not judge what he needed to feel better.

“That glimmer will last a day so you’ll be good for the rest of your time at Hogwarts. I will need to fix up your potion regimen to take with you but you can leave once I collect it all and have plenty of time to make it to lunch today. Pain reduction potions can make you hungry and calming draughts work best on a full stomach so have a full plate even if you’re not starving, please.”

“And these potions will… well, it’ll sooth itself out?” He asked curisouly, tightening his grip around the mirror uncomfortably. Whatever it was that needed to sooth itself… Pomfrey didn’t need further explanation as her eyes got hard.

“Yes, I’ll write it out but you’ll need to take a two types in the morning, one before bed. I will also send you along with a couple dreamless sleep potions, and several calming draughts as I said. I’m aware you live with muggles so it may be difficult to get to somewhere where you can buy these yourself, but if you need to I would suggest making the trip to Diagon or the similar to purchase more. I’ll also write out a list or reputable shops and brewers I would suggest buying from if you can.” She explained gently.

“And there’s no drawback from taking these potions so much?” He frowned, slightly worried.

She smiled kindly. “I am aware some muggle medicines, especially pain medication, can be addictive, but here’s no worry of that with potions. The biggest drawback is that dreamless sleep potions can be quite pricy and don’t keep more than a couple weeks even with stasis charms so you’ll have to make several trips to restock on them even for just the summer. Also I suppose, calming draughts only last two or three hours so they’re temporary fixes unless you’re wanting to drink them constantly—and despite it being a better tasing potion comparatively, most potions don’t taste good as a rule.”

Her expression softened a bit as he took all this information in carefully. “Mr. Potter I wouldn’t hesitate to take them if you even think you’re just slightly unwell. There is no risk of overdosing or anything like that, and you are not weak for needing them. Grown men and women cannot handle the cruciatus curse, and as a healer I frankly think they shouldn’t have to.” She sighed, weary, and Harry wondered how many people she’d treated for this curse. She was old enough to have been a mediwitch during the last war so… probably a lot. “The after effects… you might not even realize they’re still there, and they will be there for months to come. If you do not rest, do not calm yourself, do not treat yourself kindly and gently for the time being, it will take from you before you even realize part of yourself is missing. It could stunt your growth and your mind, and worse it could hurt you in ways even a healer with all my knowledge of magical medicine cannot heal. Do you understand what I’m saying?”

He nodded, a bit slowly.

“Take it easy.” He frowned.

“Be kind to yourself.” She smiled, patting his head once more. “Any emotion, good or bad, give yourself free reign to feel it and work past it. If you need a calming draught, take one. Don’t hesitate. Don’t force yourself to suffer without help because you think you can manage—you do not need to manage you need to be happy. And the happier and more content you are, the less hold evil curses like this will have over you. So yes, take it easy and put yourself and your health first for now. As much as you can, and I will check in with you again at the start of next term to see how it’s going, alright?”

“Okay,” he agreed, smiling a bit weakly.

“Harry!”

He perked up instantly and looked towards the door again—this time met with very welcome visitors.

“Draco,” he felt a sort of relief to the see the blond as he walked quickly over—Blaise and Theo trialing after him at much more dignified pace but also actually looking like they wanted to be there for once which was probably the best end of term present Harry could imagine.

Pomfrey chuckled lightly, patting his arm. “I will get your potions ready, enjoy your visitors.” She let them be, for which he was grateful.

“Harry,” Draco greeted again once he was close enough to actually talk, his own relief clear in his voice. He instantly got riled up again though. “You are the most trouble bound Gryffindor in this entire damn school, I swear to Merlin! Why?” He demanded, and Harry couldn’t help but laugh.

And also realizing laughing felt really, really good.

"If I knew I'd definitely quit it immediately." He snipped with a grin. “You have good timing, I only just woke up and I’m about to be let go too.”

“Don’t doubt my powers of gossip—I heard some Hufflepuff upper years talking about how weird it was McGonagall was actually running through the halls and made the obvious connection.” Blaise waved off his comment triumphantly as he walked up behind Draco, shooting him a wink. "Good to see you alive, Potter."

"Blaise, Theo." He greeted, grinning wider now that he was actually allowed to call Nott—Theo—that and the blue-eyed boy just smirked at his glee. Still quiet, but not unwilling to engage anymore.

"They were not concerned in the slightest." Draco informed in a deadpan.

"Not at all." Theo smirked dryly, before it dropped immediately and his eyes flickered. "Was it really him?"

Harry didn’t really need further detail on who him was. By Blaise’s suddenly frozen expression and Draco shifting his weight a bit unsubtly, he knew this wasn’t like answering the fearful curiosity he might’ve gotten from a Hufflepuff or a Ravenclaw.

These were Slytherins, and Voldemort would always be an extremely complicated, muddled, darkened subject they would never be able to fully, honestly confront. It was absolutely critical they learned the truth, and Harry would never know what they really think of his answer.

If he were a Slytherin himself he would tell them the short answer and keep most of it to himself. However… he was still a Gryffindor, and to quote Theo’s nonchalance earlier that same week… while perhaps it was a bad choice in politics, they were still his friends. They might not ever offer him the same decency, but he was okay with that as he met an icy blue gaze that was more intent than Harry had ever seen them.

And Daphne had told him all about Theo’s father. Despite only just becoming on speaking terms with the guy… he deserved to know the whole truth.

"A piece of him, I think. Less than a full man, more than a ghost. He was bloody possessing Quirrell and Dumbledore didn't notice—how utterly lame." He tried to make a joke of it, and despite the rather forced smiles he got he knew it didn’t really land right. Although they did seem to expect that answer to a point, which was positive.

Draco simply nodded once.

"Truly." Blaise agree a moment too late.

Theo just moved to stand by his bedside table to observe all the gifts he’d gotten as if he hadn’t heard the answer in the first place. Harry let him have his silence without commenting for once.

"Surprised not to see Longbottom here. Must've been dragged away or something finally, but he's usually here." Draco changed the subject a bit untactfully for a Slytherin but no one seemed to mind this time.

"Tell him I'm awake if any of you see him, please? I'll be here another hour or so but I’m sure the sooner her knows the better."

"After what you did to Montague? Yes sir." Blaise gave a mock-salute, snapping back to his creepily cheerful self and the other three of them rolled their eyes in sync. “In other business-related news, we come bearing gifts for the invalids present and you will tell everyone that mine is the best.” He declared promptly, placing what looked to be two identical journals, wrapped in neat gold ribbon to be a package on the table around where Nott was standing. Theo himself had placed his own small envelope down as well, Harry noted with a fond smile.

“That depends on what it is, because I’ll have you know the twins gave me a ‘get out of a prank’ pass and that’s mighty attractive.” He lied, just to tease Blaise because he wasn’t actually sure if the twins had a present somewhere in that pile, but it didn’t seem to matter.

“Please,” He scoffed, unthreatened and very sure of himself. “As if some pranksters could out-gift me. I’ve officially declared amongst Slytherin that you’re my friend now, because clearly,” If Harry could take out Montague, pretty much permanently for the rest of his time at Hogwarts, then he was a good ally to have. Even the untouchable Slytherin would be stupid not to have him as an ally now, and the snake house knew it. “Therefore it’s my obligation to out-do everyone. I will win.” He grinned wickedly, eyes alight.

“I mean thanks, but generosity isn’t really something you can win.” Harry pointed out.

“Says you.”

“You know what, I’m too tired to argue.” He decided, slumping against the pillows propped up behind him dramatically.

“The world must be ending.” Theo offered blankly, picking up a book from Harry’s pile of presents while he did so and turning it over curiously.

“And to think, I spent a whole year missing out on that sarcasm. What a shame, truly.”

The quiet Slytherin’s lips quirked in amusement before he seemed to focus more intently on the book cover. “Some light reading?”

While Harry didn’t know the book, he knew the style and put together who probably gave it to him. “Ah, ever since I punched Draco, Hermione’s been giving me books on controlling my emotions. I told her I liked them so I keep getting them every holiday and near death experience.” He explained before blinking once and frowning deeply. “Which is four times this year alone, though I was only injured in two of them.” He was unhappy to announce.

“Four? I only count three.” Blaise was indignant he’d clearly missed something as Theo opened the book and scanned the first chapter lazily. So even when they were on talking terms he still preferred literally any book over the people around him.

But Harry was more focused on Blaise’s confusion and looked at Draco pointedly, having thought for sure he’d have at least mentioned that very impactful night to his dormmates.

The blond just shrugged, unperturbed by the silent question. “I didn’t tell him about the forest. Didn’t feel like having the whole school know.” He offered reasonably. Which, Harry thought was fair.

“What about the forest?”

“I got separated from Hagrid on our detention in the forbidden forest and a hooded figure that we now can confirm was Voldemort was eating a unicorn tried to kill me before a centaur scared it off.” He gave them the brief version, and Blaise stared openly.

Theo lifted his baleful eyes to stare at him blankly too, lips down turning.

“Can you… not do that.” He asked quietly, politely even, and Harry was about to ask before he snapped his jaw shut.

Respect him, fear him, follow him, hate him… Slytherins didn’t call Voldemort by name. Anyone else Harry would’ve refused to shy away from a mere name because that meant they were being nonsensically afraid of an evil man’s name, but after having just met the monster and understanding the incredibly complex emotions Slytherins might have towards the dark lord, he knew better than to push.

“Sure.” He agreed easily, just as delicately polite back, and Theo accepted that by looking back down at the book and leafing through the first chapter lazily.

Blaise pressed his lips into a thin line and turned to Draco dryly.

“I see what you mean about being a trouble-bound Gryffindor.” He admitted, and Draco gave a wild gestured in a ‘thank you!’ type motion.

“Hey! The detention was stupid from start to finish! We got caught on the third floor so we get sent to the forbidden forest, one off-limits place right into another? Also, at night? And splitting up? How does any of that make sense!?” Harry complained, realizing by shoving memories of that night down he’d also forgotten to get annoyed by the school’s absurd system of punishment.

“You what?” Blaise whipped around to Draco once more. “What third floor? That third floor?”

“Yeah, not telling you about that.” Draco told him bluntly. “You’ll use it for evil.”

Blaise promptly then turned to Harry who seemed alarmingly willing to tell him stuff, but since he correctly interpreted Draco’s words to mean the untouchable Slytherin would use that information against Hagrid specifically, Harry was content to follow Draco’s lead.

“That one I’ll keep to myself.”

“Fine, but more importantly you know what’s on the third floor!?” Blaise gave up rather quickly, sensing a loosing battle and getting back on track.

“Yeah, a hound of hell. Now shut up, we’re supposed to be visiting Harry.” Draco shoved him and he pouted dramatically.

Also, it was clear Blaise wasn’t 100% sure if Draco was lying to him or not about the hound of hell comment, which Harry found entertaining. Slytherins got a kick out of honesty, and Draco had spent enough time at the Gryffindor table this year that he’d learned to use honesty like a weapon, which Harry found absolutely hilarious.

His gleeful snickering earned him a couple eye rolls, but he memorized the feeling happily, knowing he was going to need happy memories of friends to get him through this coming summer.

000

Blaise and Theo left the other two in the hospital wing when Pomfrey came back with a veritable armful of potions, all the Slytherins being good enough at potions to immediately recognize what they were—and it was not hard as snakes who were more than aware of what the dark lord was capable of to realize what had probably happened. What they felt on the matter was irrelevant, because the look on Draco’s face told them he and their favorite Gryffindor would need a moment to themselves to talk.

Draco’s mother-hen habits were getting increasingly annoying as they got worse over the year, but honestly Harry kind of deserved it for how much trouble he kept getting into. Either way, neither of them wanted to be there for that (there would be far too many emotions and compromising topics brought up) so they’d quickly made their exit and told them to meet them at the Slytherin table for lunch. That was as friendly as they were going to get—never would they actually admit they may or may not be concerned about the Gryffindor, but officially inviting him to their table for once had cheered Harry visibly and told them their silent message had been received anyway.

They left the hospital wing in silence as they made their way back to the Slytherin dorm for lack of better option since there was nothing to do this last day as first years but kill time before the end of term feast.

When fully alone and out of earshot of just about anyone, Blaise spoke up.

“So. What was it?” He questioned lightly, referencing the book Theo had spent that visit so interested by.

He only paused a few seconds to spare the boy beside him an unreadable look.

“…beginner’s guide to Occlumency. Just… not in so many words.”

Blaise tilted his head back, humming thoughtfully to himself.

“Hm…. Probably for the best.” He decided with a shrug. “Considering who he just faced… probably also the reason he’s alive.”

Theo just looked back down the empty hallway blankly.

“Probably.” He agreed shortly, and they walked back to their common room in pensive silence.





Chapter 32: Book 1 : Pride : 32


Chapter Notes

So, shortest chapter ever?

Just trying to overcome writer's block and procrastinating trying to plan out what the heck happens in second year :(





The sky and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

The sea and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

When waves turn rough and bitter grey,

and my eyes are made to be the same.

It was written in Dell’s journal, but it wasn’t her handwriting. The poem was signed by a William, which Harry guessed was probably this archrival of her’s who owned the potions shop next to his favorite ancestor’s once upon a time. In the seven journals he’d read over the past year since finding them, Dell had never once mentioned the man she loved to hate by name—calling him ‘that man’ or ‘that rat-tailed cowlick’ amongst other increasingly creative insults as the pages went on. She did seem to favor calling him a ‘thick willy’ which Harry was sure was supposed to be a derogatory comment on a piece of male anatomy but could also double as a very creative pun on his name if indeed it was true that this enemy was named William.

It had startled him to turn a page in the latest journal he was reading through and see handwriting that clearly wasn’t Dell’s in the pages that clearly she kept very close to her throughout her life. From what he’d gathered of this William character, he wasn’t unlike Percy Weasley in how uptight he was (at least from Dell’s perspective) but he clearly also had a devious, if not vindictive streak that outmatched the Wesley twins too. Or even Blaise.

In fact, Harry had started imagining this unnamed rival as a red-headed Blaise in his mind’s eye which was incredibly weird but it kind of just fit too. Now that he had a name and had clearly stolen her journal to… write her poetry (?) Harry was also kind of imagining a Cedric Diggory kind of vibe to him.

Cedric was an upper year Hufflepuff that Hannah had a not-so-subtle infatuation with and she was the type of girl who would actually swoon if someone wrote her poetry. The guy wasn’t that much older than them but he had a jawline cut from marble and suave coolness to him that Harry found entertaining—mostly because he’d heard Hannah go on about him for quite some time and given how it visibly annoyed Susan he would never not find that funny. He took extreme joy in asking Hannah to tell him more about Cedric’s freckles just to see Susan’s blood pressure rise and it was totally worth it.

But still. He had no idea if Cedric were the type of guy to write poetry but Hannah sure thought he was through her rose-tinted glasses, so Harry’s mental image of this William fellow was getting odder by the second.

The clouds and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

The sail and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

With rope-burn palms and stringy locks

to remind what won’t be tamed.

While he’d been thankful Pomfrey kept him under to treat him after that last near-death experience of the school year, he also realized way too late that it also meant his remaining time at Hogwarts had gone from most of a week to a little under a day left very suddenly, and by the time he’d sat at the end of term feast he almost couldn’t actually enjoy it from how much he was dreading the coming day. He’d had lunch at the Slytherin table and basked in how he actually felt like he belonged there now, even with most of them carefully avoiding the subject he knew was all on their minds.

Blaise had obviously made the whole house aware of what had happened even before Harry set foot out of the hospital wing, and Slytherins had complicated emotions about the dark lord. He wasn’t the person they were going to talk to about it though, or even talk about it in front of him, so it kind of felt like there’d been an elephant at the table with them no one was talking about despite being otherwise actually willing to talk to him in general now.

They were willing to have him there, but that didn’t mean he was going to be privy to things like that and he was quick to accept it. He had complicated emotions about that asshole dark lord too, and he wasn’t about to go chatting with Theo about them despite liking the guy as a brand new friend now. He was still mulling over how to talk to Draco about it even, so he got it.

Draco had been… quiet, when he saw Pomfrey hand him a rather large box of potions and began taking him through which ones to take and when. While she didn’t talk about what they were in front of another student, Draco loved potions and his godfather had been tutoring him for years before Hogwarts.

He knew.

He knew as soon as he saw them, because Harry saw his expression and there was no way he didn’t know.

The blond didn’t say anything about it despite it being very clear he knew, but as soon as Blaise and Theo had gotten out of earshot, he had very quietly told him to write every day over the summer. There were… complicated emotions in both of them and they were only eleven. While Harry thought himself so clever sometimes, even he knew there was no way he could actually talk about this, at least not well and definitely not in a meaningful way that would fix a damn thing, and he appreciated that Draco seemed self-aware enough to realize the same. Writing letters had always been easier for them too, for some reason. If they were going to talk and actually make progress with whatever… this was, it was likely going to be with a pen and paper, not spoken.

Actually talking about it seemed… so hard, right now.

And Harry couldn’t spare the time to muster up the courage to talk about it now because he’d just spent all his energy and courage surviving a nightmare in the dark depths of this very school he loved so much and now had less than 24 hours to enjoy being here before he was going to be walking into a different sort of nightmare for the next couple months. So he did what he did so well and buried it, making a note to come back and dig it up when he was in a better place to think about such things. And maybe he would also include Draco in that mental exercise sometime but it was going to have to be his own battle first, and his friend would maybe help him deal with the aftermath when he finally got around to confronting this ugly, painful mess he was locking away for now.

He tried so hard to enjoy his last afternoon and the leaving feast, but when you try to have fun and make each moment last, suddenly it’s not so fun anymore. He tried to eat but he really wasn’t hungry after everything, and Gryffindor won the house cup, but he had literally never cared about that in any way so it really didn’t make him feel much better. When it was announced he was mildly entertained by the filthy looks Montague received from his house, but as he was sitting at the Gryffindor table he only got a couple glimpses of it before his housemates got so rowdy and loud his head started to hurt. He even tried to finish the night off on a high note with treacle tart but the sugar on an otherwise empty stomach just made his headache worse.

Despite being miserable to do so, he called it an early night and thus slipped away his last hours at Hogwarts in a fitful sleep. He wanted to spend at least this last night with his dormmates goofing off, playing one last game of exploding snap or something—he desperately wanted to do that, but he knew he’d just be miserable there too as his headache got worse and the weariness he hadn’t felt after just waking up in the hospital wing set in fully.

He didn’t feel happy going to bed alone, but he knew he’d be unhappy with his friends who meant so much to him despite loving them and that would suck even worse. It was an all-around terrible situation and he defaulted on at least trying to make tomorrow better by catching some rest.

Not that it really fixed anything as he woke up the next morning still feeling horrible. He felt slightly better after taking his potions and brushing his teeth free of the taste, but it was a bad omen for this coming summer.

The wind and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

The wake and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

A steady chaos, I traverse with care

that screams its song within my brain.

He was carefully saving his calming droughts so he hadn’t taken one that morning as they got onto the train for home. They would only last a couple weeks before their stasis charms wore off so it was kind of a use-them-or-lose-them situation but he knew he would definitely need them more with his relatives than on a train with his friends. The unfortunate result though was that he did not feel good in the slightest.

Everyone was talking too loud, he couldn’t focus for long periods of time on any one conversation, when he withdrew from conversations he felt bad for being antisocial but when he was part of it he felt awkward and annoyed by all the sounds and movement around him, he had a headache that was only getting worse, and his shoulders started to feel sore from the tension that was slowly mounting underneath his facade of calm without him noticing. The dread he felt for the train actually making it home, the desperation to enjoy what little time he had left and therefore ruining it by being too desperate, the slowly mounting irritation at everything around him…

And worst of all, as that he’d already burst into tears twice today and it wasn’t even noon.

The first was all Hagrid’s fault, who’d surprised him with a scrapbook of pictures of his parents.

His parents.

He’d only opened to the first page before he had exploded in tears, Hagrid being so alarmed he kind of crushed him in a hug so incredibly tight that Neville actually started wailing on Hagrid’s arm to let him go before he suffocated from both the grip and the emotional meltdown he was having. They hadn’t had a lot of time before Neville and Draco once again put aside their differences to all but drag him up onto the train less he be left behind (if only he could get away with that) so Harry knew he owned Hagrid a very nice thank you letter later which he hoped would be much better articulated than whatever had come out of his mouth at the time. He’d been so wrecked he actually couldn’t remember what he’d said but he hoped it was gratitude and flattery.

He still wasn’t over it, he knew. He’d never had pictures of his parents before, only seeing them for the first time in that fucking mirror, but this was so much better he—

No.

Make it back to private drive, lock himself in the shed, finally put that muggle-repelling ward stone to some use, and then he would let it all out. For now, he reeled it in and kept the book clutched tightly to his chest like it’d fly away like a bludger if he didn’t keep tight hold of it.

He’d only finally put it into his bag during his second emotional breakdown of the day, when Blaise had come by to flaunt about his present giving skills again. He didn’t know if he was being exceptionally obvious or Draco and Neville were used to reading his bullshit by now, but they both realized he was in no mood for dealing with people and after rotating around several cabins of all four houses alike and Harry getting overstimulated to the point of being rather bitchy honestly, they settled on an empty one for just the three of them and for once Harry was happy that the conversation was usually quiet and stilted between his Slytherin and Gryffindor friends. He was just in no mood to banter with Draco nor to poke and prod to get Neville out of his shell, so he was happy to just curl up on one of the benches and let Neville lean into him bodily while they leafed through Dell’s journal and Harry informed him all about his favorite adopted ancestor as a lovely distraction from… everything. Draco had taken the other bench and reading a quidditch book minding his own business, his comfortable presence being enough and the fact that that was the most casual thing Harry had ever seen a Slytherin reading making the atmosphere even more relaxed.

Blaise had been ditched in one of the cabins they’d jumped around in earlier and was a spoiled brat who couldn’t let that slide so of course he’d come to visit, even if he didn’t have much to talk about. He’d settled for bragging about his gift again but Harry hadn’t seen what was so great about them—they were two journals that were obviously of incredible quality, but still just journals. Theo had given him a journal for Christmas and thanks to Daphne he now knew what kind of underhanded insult that was in Slytherin-gift-giving-language, so he failed to see the wonderful thing about them.

Blaise had just rolled his eyes and demanded he take them out—which he did because he was curious where he was going with this, and then got his emotional stability wrecked for the second time in one morning when the tall Slytherin had revealed they were enchanted linked journals.

Whatever you wrote in one, would appear in the other. Blaise had then very pointedly taken one back from him and shoved it in Draco’s wide-eyed face all the while calling Harry incredibly thick headed, loudly.

It took him several seconds to realize the implications, and promptly burst out crying—again.

He’d jumped up and glomped the untouchable Slytherin in a tight hug and Blaise screamed bloody murder like he was being stabbed in true Blaise fashion—tossing him off and fleeing the sobbing Gryffindor with due haste. Draco had laughed brightly at that reaction before gathering himself to help Neville piece their friend back together after his second breakdown of the day, and thankfully playing around with the journals some had helped Harry get back to the calm atmosphere Blaise had ruined and mercifully it remained that way the rest of the trip to King’s Crossing.

Overall, his journey home was… not a good one. There were some serious ups and downs and he was not fairing well at getting over any of them. The only saving grace was that Draco and Neville seemed fully there for him, although he recognized he was being selfish and not really paying attention to their reactions or attitudes for this odd train ride. He thought he was at least pretending to keep it together at least on the surface, but by how they were being nothing but polite and cordial to each other Harry knew he was probably a visible mess. They didn’t like each other, and he knew that for certain—the fact they were pretending everything was fine and no one but Blaise had come to bother them meant that everyone knew nothing about this was fine at all.

Still.

The fact they were pretending for his sake meant everything.

He was going to need to be a less selfish friend in the future, but for now this was everything to him and he was so relieved to pretend they were all just so happy together because he really needed it right now. Because nothing was okay and if he started thinking too hard on that it would start to unravel until he was nothing but a bit of useless string on the ground.

He knew that time was coming, but just for now… this was all he could handle.

The sun and I, we get along, but our friendship will be strained,

for I hate that lying liquid light, that stranger sea…

for it’s the sky and I, we get along, but only when it rains.

The sea and I, we get along, but only when it rains.





Chapter 33: Book 2 : Envy : 1


Chapter Notes

I would like to thank CORPSE Husband's music and Bundibird for giving me the idea of where to go with this (◕‿◕)





Book 2: Envy

Beware the green-eyed monster, that lurks and waits and snarls

That seethes beneath a kinder face, it sings—and kind of sparkles?

Beware the creature vast yet small, it’s talons sharp and vicious

It can’t help but drool and growl, and lick its lips at things delicious

Beware the vile poppy’s scent, bewitching but awfully noxious

Its whining shrill like glass on teeth, its complaints just so obnoxious!

Beware and never turn your back, for you don’t know why it strikes

And you’ll never know what things of yours it hates or that it likes

Beware the green-eyed monster, the one living beneath your bed

but for the love of god beware, beware— the one that lives inside your head

000

Harry opened his eyes, automatic despite no alarm and the early hour, and instantly felt disappointed.

Eventually I’ll get used to it, maybe. Or… maybe I won’t.

He thought in numbers because that was all he could do. Two hours before the Dursleys woke up, four dreamless sleep potions left, eleven calming draughts, ten days before the stasis charms wore off on them all, ten weeks before the next school year started, seven more books until he’d read through his stockpile of textbooks to take his mind off things… he could go on.

Everything fell back into waiting.

Restlessly.

Dreading each hour but by the time the hour had passed at least it was one more closer to not being here anymore. Waking up to the muted light in the back of the shed he was living in instead of a comfy four-poster bed was a distinctly unpleasant jolt to the system each and every morning. To wake up every single god-damned morning disappointed and wishing with every fiber of your being to be anywhere else did not put him in a great mood for the rest of the day, especially when it was a lot harder than he remembered it being to be neutral and composed around his relatives.

Their comments ate away under his skin and made keeping his face blank and faking the emotions he needed to a lot more difficult than they’d been in years. He knew it was also likely because of his newfound emotional instability which made him irrationally angry at odd moments.

He’d lost count of how many times the frustration and humiliation of being shoved back into a servant role for this absolute dickwads of human beings had brought unwilling tears to his eyes, causing him to bend his head over whatever he was cleaning in hopes no one noticed. He could only imagine how utterly horrible it would be if Petunia actually caught him crying for once, and he was all but desperate to avoid it.

The thing he hated the most though was how he couldn’t control it.

He couldn’t control when he was sad or angry or happy (ha, as if) and now he couldn’t even fake those things. He knew Pomfrey had told him to let his emotions run their course to help heal, but he couldn’t exactly afford to do that at the moment when any weakness or unplanned emotion in front of his relatives spelled trouble that he really just could not handle at this moment.

It had only been two weeks and Harry had had enough.

He rolled over on his thin mattress and laced hands through his hair, having the oddly hysterical urge to just rip it out and dwell in the pain of it rather than focus on his spinning thoughts, but he just barely managed not to do that.

He had asked Axeclaw what felt like years ago now, about what would happen if he, say, weren’t living with a legal guardian for one reason or another? He had to know, because legal guardian or not if he could just take off and live in some muggle hotel who wouldn’t ask questions about what a soon-to-be-twelve year old was out on his own, he would in a bloody heartbeat. Thankfully the goblin didn’t care and had looked it up, and told him in no uncertain terms that one of the charters of Hogwarts was having a legal guardian—to attend you needed to be (1) magical and of the right age for an appropriate magical core size, and (2) paying the tuition and agreeing to follow school rules, one of said rules being that underage students must have a legal guardian on file in case of emergency or an emancipation letter signed by the Minster of Magic himself. When asked about that letter, because of course he’d asked, the goblin told him it was very common during several past wars for children to be orphaned and their potential guardians perhaps being on a different side of the war—families had been ripped apart by the ideals of Grindelwald, after all, with brothers and sisters, parents and children divided on his stances. It hadn’t been used since that war though, not even during the last war, mostly in part because the Headmaster of Hogwarts needed to be the one to write said letter and officially petition the Minster to sign it. And Albus Dumbledore had never once done that in his term as Headmaster, Axeclaw told him.

Harry wanted to be so bloody furious at the headmaster when he’d heard that, but he just didn’t have the emotional capacity for it right now. He had bigger issues to focus on, and he’d get there later.

His next question had of course been what constitutes as a legal guardian, and let’s just say Harry had outright laughed (though he felt no joy or humor as he did it) to read through the legal definitions Axeclaw had sent him.

‘A guardian with responsibility for both the personal well-being and the financial interests of the ward’. What utter bullshit. He thought darkly.

Worse (because somehow it got worse) was that to be a legal guardian to an orphaned ward, said guardian needed to be approved by an official—a judge or someone of equal or greater authority. In Harry’s case a judge could’ve looked at his parents’ will and done what was requested in it, but the thing was that they didn’t have to.

Legally, the judge could do whatever the hell they thought was best for a ward and there was no repercussions for it. Even the ‘trial’ for it was a farce at best as there didn’t need to be any set court date or anyone but the judge themselves present to make the decree, and no you could not petition to have the judge’s decision appealed or reconsidered.

And oh yeah, do you know who has a greater authority than normal judges?

Supreme fucking Mugwump, that’s who.

And oh yeah, the Minster had the power to counteract what the Supreme Mugwump did, but so far as Axeclaw was aware Fudge had never told Dumbledore no in his bloody life.

It makes no sense, the wizarding world is so absolutely screwed up it just makes no sense. Mugwump is like the magical equivalent of a UN representative, why does he outweigh a judge’s authority on anything?

Harry knew there was a reason he didn’t like the headmaster and now he had several, with evidence to back himself up too.

I hate this.

He groaned into his pillow, and it came out more as a scream honestly. A helpless shout of indignation and fury and frustration at the whole terrible situation. Not only was he well and truly stuck with the Dursleys as his legal guardians if he couldn’t get Dumbledore to reconsider his decree (fat chance, he was sure), not only did he have to maintain them as his guardians if he wanted to continue to attend Hogwarts, but he ALSO needed to actually put in time here to prove they even were his guardians. If he just took off and didn’t even come back for the summer, there was a legitimate chance someone could contact the Dursleys and ask if he was even living here. If he wasn’t, and he wasn’t accounted for at school or otherwise, he’d lost his legal guardians and therefore also his spot at Hogwarts.

He wrapped his hands into his hair again and fought the urge to pull until his scalp bleed.

It wouldn’t be so bad if, when tracked down for being awol he could finally explain they were abusive fucks who shouldn’t be in charge of children (not even Dudley who they were going to send to an early grave with his weight alone) but there was this one stupid rule that these ‘checks’ on your ‘legal guardian’ should happen once a year.

Which meant Hogwarts knew about the Dursleys. Someone had met these assholes and thought, yeah they seem like fine upstanding citizens to leave an orphaned child with.

The person who checked was probably a wizard, and unless they’d lied to Petunia and Vernon about it and passed themselves as muggle (which Harry doubted, since wizards had a superiority complex which meant to muggles who knew about magic they never hid themselves) then this Hogwarts representative had met them at their ugliest. Their most foul-mouthed, magic-hating, hypocritical-BS selves and thought, yeah this is fine.

And Harry guessed the only person either stupid, cruel, or ignorant enough to do something like that would be Dumbledore himself. (And maybe Snape, if he’d be bothered to check on any student who wasn’t a Slytherin).

Axeclaw told him it was very possible. It was also entirely possible that Dumbledore hadn’t done the check and just said he did. Yeah, that was totally legal apparently just so long as the headmaster said he’d done it, with no proof whatsoever.

Harry liked magic and all, but he had never hated the wizarding world more than he did at this moment.

Is Hogwarts worth it? He wondered, as he sat up with utter dread and dragged himself over to where he kept his ‘Dursley approved’ clothes in a basket—meaning Dudley’s filthy hand-me-downs. It was still too early for there to be much light to navigate by, but the clothes were ugly as a rule and he didn’t care to dress up for his relatives so it hardly matter what he pulled on anyway.

I could risk it. I’ll need to get Petunia to let me go to restock on potions in a couple weeks anyway, and that would be… a third way through the break? I could just leave a letter saying I’m staying with a friends—they’d be happy to be rid of me and I made an appearance here maybe enough for them to say I was here—or lived here at one time. It’d even technically be true and my mental imaging books say the best lies to tell are ones that are half true. I could take the Knight Bus to anywhere, a hotel for a couple days and maybe ask Axeclaw about those Monroe properties he mentioned. No one would question me being at my own property if Axeclaw could expedite the process of whatever he needed to do to reopen them…

And if they catch me and for someone reason know I’ve run away, would being expelled from Hogwarts really be that bad? Is it worth this?

It was only those thoughts of planning to escape that got him through getting ready for the day, brushing his hair and tucking it beneath his beanie like always and pinning it down as tight as he could. His hair had gotten a lot longer over the school year which made hiding it all harder—a bandana no longer cut it unfortunately but luckily none of his relatives cares about his hat either.

He tried not to think too hard on anything but his dreams of being anywhere but here as he slipped out of the shed in the early morning light and made his way into the main house, being as quiet as possible as he entered the kitchen and began assembling what he needed for the Dursley’s breakfast and for once not feeling like he wanted to skim any of the food off the top for himself. He hadn’t really been hungry since getting back to Private Drive, although he did eat when he knew he should. He only quickly downed his required two potions on Pomfrey’s orders, saving his calming draught for later in the day—if today followed the patterns of the last couple weeks, he’d be on house chores all morning and knew he’d need it after Petunia wore him down with her sharp comments and then kicked him outside to do yard work in the blistering heat of the summer.

Afternoons and evenings when he could no longer avoid the thoughts he managed to shove down in the blur of the mornings was when he needed the calming draughts most, he found. He could handle the quiet mornings and suffer through the first chores of the day the best he could, using them to get through the rest of the day as he found there was really no way to survive a full day here otherwise.

Is Hogwarts really worth it? He found himself repeating, the questioning eating away at him. Logically he knew it was, he would miss it something awful if he got expelled after only one year and he’d finally made some really good friends (finally made progress with the Slytherins) and it would all be for nothing if he never went back. He knew he’d probably still be able to keep writing letters to Draco, Neville and most of the other Gryffindors would still be his friends no matter what because they were great people like that… but he’d likely not be able to keep being friends with the likes of Blaise or Theo, not to mention most of the casual friends he’d gathered would froget about him with another six years to grow up, he was sure.

And just think of all the people he’d never meet—all the people who’d start at Hogwarts later he’d never even get the chance to know. All the holidays and classes… McGonagall….

Logically, he’d be fine. Even if he did get caught, and there was still a chance he wouldn’t get caught, but if he did he would probably be forced to either come back here or decreed another legal guardian depending on who caught him. If it was Dumbledore, and it probably would be given how nosy the old man seemed to be in Harry’s life, he’d probably send him back here to the Dursleys. Who would be pissed Harry had brought wizards to their doorstep, so that would suck.

But he probably wouldn’t actually be expelled from Hogwarts. If he were, there wasn’t exactly anyone who could force him to continue to live with his ‘legal guardians’ if he went through the goblins to buy some property if he didn’t already have one somewhere and ward the living hell out of it from all intruders, even ministry officials. He knew enough from Draco and the other Slytherins that money fixed a lot of issues with the Ministry of Magic so he could probably afford to work around any legal issues that might cause. So, if he were expelled he’d definitely be free of the Dursleys permanently which would be a wonderful thing all around, actually. And he knew there were other magical schools out there, he could probably attend there if he didn’t want to just pay private tutors to teach him enough to pass his OWLs and NEWTs, which was technically the only requirement one needed.

And need was a questionable word as he was still a rich child who could open ten shops this moment without risking going bankrupt so he didn’t really need the good OWL scores to get a job—he didn’t need a job with his inheritance, to be blunt.

But that was probably an unrealistic line of thinking even if it was true—the chances of them actually expelling The Boy Who Lived from Hogwarts because of a truancy issue seemed low, since wizards seemed very concerned about what the general community thought of them as a whole and that would earn Dumbledore a huge amount of flack (Harry was willing to go to every paper he knew of and give as dramatic an interview as he needed to rake the Headmaster through the mud if he dared). And anyway, Mr. Malfoy was on the school board so if he got Draco to invite him over, Harry was sure he could figure out a way to prevent actually being expelled if the Malfoys protecting him—again, Draco was spoiled so while he himself had nothing to offer to his parents in exchange for their help, if Draco asked for something he would definitely get it even if that meant going against the Ministry. They’d been a dark family until recently after all, it probably wouldn’t even be that hard for them.

He didn’t want to get expelled, he would miss Hogwarts too much. He knew that, but it was really hard to remember that the longer being stuck in this hellhole stretched on. Every demeaning chore and derisive comment that made his throat close up in welling emotion of both rage and hurt made the yoke around his neck heavier and blurred the clear image in his head of Hogwarts’ beautiful walls and the lush green quidditch pitch and Hagrid’s little hut and McGonagall’s office and the expansive library and the feasts in the Great Hall…

Teasing Blaise over breakfast. Flying in an exhilarating quidditch game to the cheers of a stadium. Playing soccer with the club. Waking up in a luxurious four poster bed to the beautiful grounds outside his window. Watching Susan and Lu bicker over lunch on a lazy Saturday. Sneaking around with the twins or witnessing one of their epic pranks. Staying up too late in Gryffindor dorm playing exploding snap. Getting something right with Transfiguration and getting one of McGonagall’s rare smiles. Sitting in Hagrid’s hut with a gallon of tea and a listening ear. The luscious feasts of magical food. Going over politics with Daphne in the dark corners of the library. Chatting with Neville in the greenhouses. Walking around the lake with Draco just because they could to get away from prying ears. Finally getting a chance to figure out just who the heck Theo was behind his books.

Yeah, he would regret getting himself expelled to no end just because he couldn’t suffer through a couple weeks with these assholes a year.

It was just really hard to remember that sometimes.

Especially when he knew it would not be the end of the world if he did get expelled, just unpleasant. He wouldn’t choose it out of all his options but he would be fine without Hogwarts, he knew.

There had to be a compromise though, something he could actually do to get out of here but still secure his spot at Hogwarts. By the time he needed new potions that had to be long enough, he could get out of here under the pretense of just visiting friends like everyone did during the summer, there shouldn’t be a problem with that, right? The wizarding world loved to call him a celebrity so he had to be able to use that for something good and get away with it, right?

He winced as a thud from upstairs signaled the residents of the house awake, and he checked the sizzling breakfast for it’s doneness. It seemed fine…

He took a steadying breathe and tried not to think of anything important to make it through the next couple of hours.

000

Why are you so sore?

I’ve been practicing quidditch pretty much all day since there’s nothing else to do besides study and I’m pretty sick of that already. If I’m going to play quidditch with you I’ll need to make the team, won’t I?

I thought you said you were good enough to make it last year, McGonagall was just biased :)

Oh ha

Harry smiled broadly at that short response in his enchanted journal that was still somehow sarcastic despite it just being flat text on a page in Draco’s elegant handwriting. He didn’t tease too hard as he could tell the blond was legitimately worried about actually getting onto the Slytherin team; he’d talked the big talk after all which he was so great at, but the actual living up to it usually stressed him out to no end. No one had higher expectations of him than Draco himself, after all, although Slytherins in general also were kind of merciless about judging others up to their own standards too so maybe his worries weren’t entirely unfounded…

You saw they came out with a new Nimbus series? The Nimbus 2001 and I want one.

Of course you do. I love my Nimbus 2000 though.

The 2001 is so much better though and you can afford it

It’s not about that though—it was a gift! Imagine Snape actually gave you a broom

Okay fair

I’m still getting one though

Naturally .

I was considering buying the whole team new brooms—that’d be a way to ensure my spot and Slytherin would think it clever.

They wouldn’t look a gift horse like that in the mouth when your intentions are so bloody clear, but clever?

If Slytherin wins because they have the best brooms I don’t care how unsubtle it is.

Of course you don’t, but Slytherin isn’t going to win because they have the nicest brooms.

Says you

Yes I do, I’m still going to kick your asses on my last season broom.

And before you start talking about the advantages of brooms, yes they exist if you’re talking about a Nimbus versus a Comet, but literally last season’s broom verses this one? There’s hardly any noticeable benefit and if you need a better broom to beat me you’re not actually that good—there I said it

You’re so mean.

But I’m right.

Fine

I’m still getting one, obviously.

I never thought you wouldn’t.

Anyway, did you hear the rumor about who the next Defense professor is? It’s a bloody lark.

Harry hadn’t heard a thing from the wizarding world since getting back to his relatives’ like rumors or the latest new broom release, and he’d never subscribed to the Daily Prophet as from what he’d read over Neville’s shoulder at breakfast most days it seemed to be more a gossip rag than an actual newspaper. Also, it was happy to talk trash or unfounded praise about him so in general he was just happier not reading it or giving it any time in his day.

Stuck in the muggle world and bored as hell, already almost through his homework and stashed books with only writing Draco late into the night to look forward to, he kind of regretted it. So did Hedwig who was not happy to be so bored since her main source of entertainment was just hunting now, instead of flying back and forth to Draco as she had last summer—and for most of the school year too. Draco also said she loved to torture Bastian, his eagle-owl, so he’d taken to sending short notes to Neville and his other Gryffindor friends, as well as blank pages to Draco just so she could annoy Bastian every so often.

Bastian didn’t appreciate the sentiment but Hedwig certainly came back happier. Harry felt slightly bad and now included owl treats for the poor eagle-owl in Hedwig’s missives (and they were definitely Hedwig’s missives as there was no need for Harry to send anything to Draco thanks to these journals).

Harry was happy to just read Draco’s rant about the new Defense professor, who certainly did sound like a hack, escaping his reality for a little bit in the dark summer night of his dusty shed.

000

He was standing in a hallway at Hogwarts, hundreds of paintings on the wall but their faces seemed oddly blank or twisted into soundless screams. Or just frozen, as if the life and magic inside of it had died.

It was so quiet, deep into the night and well past curfew. He knew he should be hurrying back somewhere, knew he shouldn’t be there. It was too late, it was too quiet. Someone was waiting around every corner to catch him, and it made his stomach twist.

It was too dark—there were no windows and usually there were windows in this old castle to let some of the light of the stars or the moon in, but tonight this hallway was just frozen or silent paintings that stretched into an impenetrable darkness ahead of him.

He had to be quiet… he took a step but it didn’t feel like he was going anywhere. He was concentrating too hard on being silent, on his feet finding purchase on the hard stone floor without making so much as a whisper that he wasn’t going anywhere. And there was this urgency so intense, this need to get out as fast as humanly possible because he was running out of time but he just couldn’t move.

Suddenly, a hand reached out from the darkness in front of him, as if offering him help from his frustration and the heart pounding hotly in his throat. Without thinking he reached out and took it, because it seemed only so natural to do.

It pulled him forward slightly before suddenly going slack, a grip still around his hand but like the person attached to it had just given out and stopped pulling him—and then it felt too lose. Something wasn’t right.

He looked down and a severed hand rested in his, before his eyes crumbling to dust and the feeling of clammy skin turning to dry ash and coursing over his skin like liquid sand filled him with a horror and disgust so think he choked on it. It was an emotion to intense he felt his whole arm jerk as if rejecting it, and a gut-wrenching repulsion strangled him, surging up his throat like he was about to be sick.

He screamed.

And woke in a dark shed, breathing harshly and wondering numbly if anyone had heard him.

000

The nightmares were getting worse; he’d run out of dreamless sleep potions and he’d gone through his calming draughts faster than he’d been planning to. But Madam Pomfrey’s words about being kind to himself were still relatively fresh in his mind and he knew they were going to expire soon anyway so he might as well use them.

And if they ran out faster and gave him an excuse to plan a way to get to Diagon Alley to buy more earlier than anticipated, then wonderful. Maybe he wouldn’t need them as much outside of the Dursley’s even.

Maybe.

His excuse was already in place—he’d cornered Petunia and told her people were expecting him in one week to meet up to buy school supplies and she’d acted like she hadn’t heard him but he knew she had. He recognized it was very early in the summer for that but he had no plan on coming back here once he got free and he doubted they would miss him anyway.

The fact he now only had one week left brought a sense of relief even if that week seemed like ten years at times too for how the hours seemed to drag on. He’d timed it so that he’d be gone two days before Dudley’s birthday so hopefully they’d be so wrapped up in that they wouldn’t even care he wasn’t there to cook the veritable feasts they always demanded of him on their special days.

000

It was two days before he was due to leave that everything went wrong.

He was worn thin, his nerves nothing but fraying ends of wire and he distantly recognized this but he was so focused on making it through the day he didn’t immediately realize it was a problem.

He had a couple calming draughts left anyway, so things were fine, right?

Things would only get bad when he ran out, right?

He didn’t realize he hadn’t lifted his head in days, hadn’t seen the irritation in the Dursleys faces as he seemed to ignore them. And yeah, he was ignoring them, because he was going to die if he didn’t focus on breathing and blinking and doing whatever task was in front of him instead of the world around him.

He forgot that ignoring his relatives was a bad, bad tactic for handling them.

He should’ve been focusing on them, on outmaneuvering them, but just avoiding them to survive wasn’t a good plan.

If they were going to avoid each other, they’d prefer him locked in a cupboard rather than free to roam their house. He should’ve engaged with them and used their arrogance against them like he used to, even if it hurt and humiliated him to be forced to play their game and be the scapegoat for everything they could think of.

But he didn’t, because he thought he could get lost in the rhythmic routine of doing the same chores every day and if he got into the habit of just doing it all without complaint or reaction, it would be easier.

But they liked his reactions—his crumpled expressions and his pain.

Because they were monsters, he realized.

He realized, far too late. I mean he’d always known, but he hadn’t truly understood until now.

He had gotten lost in the rhythm, and it was easier. But when he was suddenly snapped out of it he felt something inside of him snap too.

It started with a plate crashing into the sink where he was washing dishes, and it shattered loudly. He jerked back, sloshing water all over himself and the kitchen in shock and then the water turned a garish pink as he felt a sting on his hand. A piece had cut him, and the sting of dirty hot water and dish soap in an open wound had his head rising in surprise and alarm—and annoyance. Finally recognizing this world he’d been drowning out.

“BOY!”

He flinched, recognizing his expression had probably been annoyed. Dudley was silently gloating at him, sticking his tongue out from near the breakfast table, having been the one to throw the plate. And Harry wasn’t allowed to be annoyed at Dudley, he’d forgotten for a second.

“Break another plate and no dinner for a week! What do you think you are, breaking our property like a hoodlum, after we let you into this house!”

Right, because Dudley had thrown it and Harry was at fault. Of course.

“Yes sir,” he managed to get out.

“What was that?” Uncle Vernon was behind him suddenly, and Harry flinched again. Had his tone been off? Shit, he hadn’t been thinking of if he’d actually sounded as annoyed as he felt.

“Sorry sir,” he shrunk in on himself pointedly in a show of submission and hoped that tone was a lot more believable.

Vernon’s eyes narrowed, but he seemed to buy that his warning had been received.

That is, until another plate came crashing into the sink behind him and that too shattered with a loud crack in the tiny kitchen, more water splashing everywhere.

And Vernon had been looking right at him, with his son fully in his periphery to be able to see him throw it. Petunia was still sitting at the kitchen table sipping her breakfast tea, and only lifted her head to glare venomously at him. Not Dudley, not Vernon, but him.

“That’s it! No dinner—you do your chores and get out! Dare break another thing in my house and you’ll regret the day we let you in!” His uncle bellowed in his ugly way and Harry felt his hackles rise.

It wasn’t fair.

None of it was.

He was tired.

He was worn thin to absolutely nothing.

Vernon’s shouting, Dudley’s chubby laughter at his expense, Petunia’s glare like he somehow deserved this—

—it all grated on his overstimulated nerves like steel wool and he was already nothing but raw skin over tired muscles and fraying nerves and it felt like fire.

He couldn’t take it anymore, and against his better judgement, he opened his mouth.

“You saw him throw it!” He defended himself, and all three Dursleys startled at him actually talking back. He hadn’t done that in… well, had he ever? He went from being frightened and submissive as a child to faking being submissive to get what he wanted later on before Hogwarts. He’d never talked back to them or even acted like he was anything but meek and cowardly and it gave them free reign to be as terrible as they wanted to him. That had been fine when he’d been in control without them knowing it… but he felt kind of scared that he very much was not in control now.

“What did you say, boy?” Vernon hissed, looking apoplectic in rage.

“He threw it! You saw him!” He continued to dig his grave but he couldn’t handle it anymore. He knew he sounded slightly hysterical but he wasn’t in control now, he just wasn’t.

“How dare you accuse my Dudikins!” Petunia was on her feet now, hands over her overweight child’s shoulders defensively as if he were the one out of line here.

Harry realized far too belatedly that there was no winning this fight, that you couldn’t reason with blatant hypocrisy and flat out cruel stupidity, and he would’ve shut his mouth and hoped his momentary loss of sanity hadn’t messed everything up, when Vernon finally found his voice again after standing there in stunned raged for a couple seconds too long.

“LAIR! Filthy little liar like your parents—why we ever bothered with you I don’t know! You’re just like them, useless and freakish! Get out! Get out now!” he bellowed and Harry was stunned.

What … did he just say?

And it didn’t make any sense because Vernon Dursley had said way worse before and Harry had been fully able to ignore it every single time. Because hurtful words from someone too stupid to be kind meant nothing—it never had.

This time though, he most certainly couldn’t ignore it and for the life of him he couldn’t bring himself to understand why.

“Look in a mirror before you call anyone useless or a liar you cow!” He automatically shouted and Vernon actually took a step back in shock. “My parents weren’t liars, they died protecting me!”

“They did not!” Petunia got her voice back first, first pale and now flushed red. “They got themselves blown up by a madman for being freaks!”

“For being brave enough to stand up to the bloody dark lord, you mean! You wouldn’t know bravery if it bit you in the ass!”

“DON’T YOU DARE TALK TO MY WIFE THAT WAY, YOU BRAT!” Vernon bellowed, taking a menacing step forward and Harry was suddenly very aware that he was pinned in the corner between the counter and the sink with any means of escape blocked by all three Dursleys. Vernon and Petunia had never actually hit him besides grabbing him to toss him out of their sight here and there, but Dudley sure had and despite him standing there with a gaping look of dumb shock on his face, if Harry tried to bolt past him he’d likely automatically take a swing just on principle.

He was very, very covered and it got every hair on his body standing straight up. Nightmares that had stolen weeks of sleep from him seeming to echoing uneasily in the corners of his clouded mind and got his heart pumping far too hard. His breathing wasn’t coming out right, though he only vaguely recognized that.

“THE ONLY REASON YOU’RE ALLOWED HERE IS THE GOODNESS OF OUR HEARTS AND IF YOU DARE GO TALKING TO US LIKE THAT YOU’LL REGRET IT!”

Harry seethed.

“What goodness!? You have no heart!” he snapped, and inhaled sharply as a huge, meaty hand clamped down over his left arm.

“WHAT DID YOU SAY, BOY!?”

Suddenly, it wasn’t a tiny white kitchen he was standing in, it was a large dark hallway. The swampy flesh of something nasty and dangerous wrapped around him, the bones in his shoulder creaking and giving way in stress and the eerily familiar pressure on his arm now made him forget absolute everything but that he needed to get away, now.

All instinct, rejecting everything all at once with the brief heart-stoppingly intense terror only being inches from death could actually conjure.

He wasn’t sure what happened, all he knew was that the air was unnaturally hot and the moist, filthy hand on him was wrenched away as if burned. There was a shattering sound so loud his ears ached, and when his vision cleared a second later, every single thing that had been on the counters, the tables, the shelves around the kitchen… was broken on the floor, bits of broken glass and ceramic rolling to a stop across the now covered white tiles amongst twisted metal scraps of ex-kitchen appliances and splintered wooden cooking utensils.

What…

All three Dursleys had backed up, horror and unadulterated fear etched into every line of their hideous faces. Not a single one spared the chaos around them a glance, they were looking at him.

Oh…no. That wasn’t…?

Oh shit. That was, wasn’t it?

I’m dead.

He recognized he’d had bouts of accidental magic in the past, although nothing to ever call much attention to. McGonagall had told him some children were just restrained, and in his desire to be in control as much as possible in his life in Private Drive, Harry figured he’d put a lid on most accidental magic pretty early in life without realizing it. Anything to not cause trouble, anything to keep his life quiet and expected, after all.

His control was clearly pretty good, given his skill in Transfiguration. His magical core was living up to the Potter reputation though, and he’d been told this by many this given he’d had incidents of accidental magic at Hogwarts, usually connected to his bubbling temper problems that most students got to see in full detail in one way or another over the past school year. Almost no one ever had accidental magic problems once they got their wand and started using it, as that outlet was supposed to calm the bursting magic growing inside of you with no proper way to be released into the world. Control or not, the fact he still had issues like that at Hogwarts, no matter how minor they were, spoke to the size of his magical core and everyone liked to bring it up when they could even if he didn’t care about it at all.

He cared now though.

Because he wasn’t in control now.

Emotionally or otherwise, clearly.

And he’s just lost control of his magic in front of three people who hated magic.

Well, two people who hated magic and one who hadn’t known until this moment that magic was even real because his parents had tried desperately to keep it hidden from him.

And well, Harry had just blown that out of the water.

Oops.

If he were thinking straight he might’ve realized it was because he’d been pushing his core all year to get ahead in Transfiguration, and then just stopped cold turkey for the summer. His core, which was large to begin with, had grown probably quite a bit thanks to his efforts, and now it was much larger than the typical eleven, soon to be twelve-year-old had to deal with.

Not to mention he wasn’t exactly in the right state of mind to be in control of himself. He hadn’t even been able to visit his graveyard in weeks, and he wasn’t sure why, but it was probably related to this newfound emotional instability that he was quickly learning to hate with a hate that was far too out of his control for him to feel safe.

If he’d been thinking clearly, he might’ve realized that immediately. As it was, he would eventually put that together…

Now though, he was focused on how the paled faces in front of him were slowly regaining color, and by the splotchiness in Vernon’s wrinkly folds of face cover his neck, it wasn’t good.

I’m dead. He repeated numbly. I’ve actually entirely blown it now. Everything I ever did to protect myself from them, gone.

He flinched and crouched down to curl in on himself when Dudley screamed.

"WHAT WAS THAT!? WHAT THE BLOODY HELL WAS THAT!?" Vernon was storming closer now, too-heavy feet remining Harry too much of a bloody troll for his panicking heart as they stampeded over the broken glass and debris everywhere.

“Duddy, Duddy please--!” Petunia was half shrieking, trying to calm Dudley who was freaking out with wordless spluttering as he tried to understand what was happening and failing. His tiny, self-absorbed, incredibly stupid, normal mind his parents had brainwashed him to be probably couldn’t take the concept that magic was real without breaking entirely. If even he’d come to the conclusion of magic given his parents insisting since they were both babes that magic wasn’t real. Harry didn’t know what they’d seen exactly, so he probably could be thinking his cousin possessed by a poltergeist instead or something equally supernatural.

Vernon was still bellowing and Harry just curled up tighter and put his hands over his head.

He kept his mouth welded shut now, fear ripping through him in a way he wasn’t proud to admit. He was so tired of being scared, of being out of control—he’s stood up to lord fucking Voldemort so this should be nothing! This shouldn’t be so—

"ANSWER ME BOY! WHAT THE BLOODY HELL DID YOU DO!?"

He gasped at the screech and something hit the counter over him. He panicked, no words coming and his normal wit failing him entirely.

What could he say, anyway? It wasn’t me? It was an accident!? Neither would pacify him.

Nothing would fix this.

“ANSWER ME!”

"It will never happen again," He managed to choke out, for lack of any better idea.

"YOU ARE BLOODY RIGHT IT NEVER WILL! NEVER AGAIN!"

SLAM

He heard the loud banging of the cabinet beside him before he felt the sharp smack of pain where his shoulder and the side of his head at hit it. The meaty whack of the uncoordinated fist throwing him into it didn’t actually hurt that badly to be honest, as there was enough fat on it to be cushioned pretty well.

He was very used to pain, and generally just unafraid of it. Rough housing with the Gryffindor boys, playing against Susan in football, anything quidditch related (particularly bludgers), not to mention the several near-death experiences he’d had in his short life, a couple of which had hurt in traumatically more terrible ways than this. This was nothing compared an actual troll or Lord Voldemort himself—the cruciatus curse—

No, it wasn’t the pain.

It was the helplessness.

It was equal to, if not worse, then staring up at a troll and knowing he was going to get crushed. Than looking into Quirrell’s eyes after he’d screamed at him and knowing he was not going to be able to beat a full grown wizard no matter of clever he’d thought he was.

This was maybe not more terrifying, but it was worse. This was years of being trapped all coming to a head and realizing everything he’d ever did to become who he was had been totally pointless. Because no matter how clever and manipulative he’d become, no matter how brave and ambitious, no matter how long he’d spent running circles around the Dursleys thinking they were nothing but the muggle sheep Draco liked to call people, they still had the power here.

No matter what he’d ever done, he was still a child who cowered and got kicked around when it came down to it.

He hated it.

He’d wanted to be more.

"That freakish nonsense--NOT IN MY HOUSE!" Vernon continued to bellow, and Harry felt his whole body tremble once.

Why was he afraid of this muggle? This stupid whale of a man!?

Whatever he was thinking must’ve shown on his face because another fist came down and his flinch out of the way made it a glance blow at best, the tree trunk of an arm aiming for him far too uncoordinated to match his reflexes.

"Wipe that face off you little bitch--we should've beat it out of you years ago--NO, NEVER AGAIN!"

He wasn’t really making sense in his rage but Harry felt his heart beating out of his chest anyway. He should’ve run, he should’ve scrambled away and made a dash for it (but where would he even go!?) but then it was too late and he felt himself scream in panic as sweaty hands wrapped around his arm again and yanked him up—his shoulder screaming it’s protest at the treatment and panic from blurry memories causing him to lash out blindly with his free limbs but despite making contact with fleshy targets, didn’t seem to do a damn thing.

"YOU AND YOUR FREAKISHINESS WILL NEVER SET FOOT NEAR MY FAMILY AGAIN, AM I CLEAR!? STAY OUT OF HERE AND ROT LIKE THE FILTH YOU ARE--IF I HEAR A SINGLE WORD YOU WILL REGRET THE DAY THOSE FREAKS LEFT YOU ON OUR DOORSTEP! YOU WILL REGRET THE DAY YOU WERE BORN A FREAK!"

His voice broke on that last word and he might’ve actually popped a blood vessel going by the colors in his neck.

In short order they were outside, the air hot and humid despite the early hour.

Then they were by the shed and before he could blink he was beneath its shade.

But it was still shocking to find himself on the ground, face smarting like a bludger had skimmed by his cheek at full force, his head rocking for a moment and the disorientation actually more concerning that the sharp trill of pain that ran up his arms body as he realized he was on the dusty, splintery wooden floor of the shed he’d already spent way too much time in.

“Stay here,” the venomous voice hissed about him, before the light from the door disappeared with a thud as it slammed shut and troll-like footsteps thundered away across the lawn.

What exactly could he do but lay there for a second in absolute shock at what had just happened? He put a hand on his cheek to check if the ache in his skull had been real, like he couldn’t quite realize that it hurt but somehow objectively knew that it did.

His uncle had never actually hit him before.

That was an odd thought that left something hollow and aching in his stomach. He was pretty sure he hadn’t been breathing right for several minutes now and felt very light-headed because of it, but his heart was beating too hard to really get a handle on it right now either.

He lay on the ground, trying to take stock and just… failing.

He couldn’t think right now.

The only thought that really came to him was this strange curiosity at why the reaction had been so… well, violent. Vernon knew about magic—he didn’t like it, but he’d known about it because Petunia had told him. Harry knew he knew because he’d actively been trying to squash it, and you didn’t actively go after something you legitimately didn’t believe in. Vernon had always known about magic and hated it, but it should’ve have been so shocking to him.

If he’d been surprised, he would’ve reacted more like Dudley.

Or like Petunia, who’d just seemed terrified.

But no… he’d been angry to the point of violence, and Harry honestly hadn’t thought he’d ever get to that point.

Stupid of him, really.

His whole life had always felt like he was five seconds away from being hit. Slaps upside the head or to his hands if he reached for something they suddenly decided they didn’t want him to have were more than common. Actually hitting him just to beat on him was very new, and not a good sign at all, but it shouldn’t have been surprising as it felt like Harry had been prepping to leave this horrid household and distance himself from these people since the beginning for this very reason.

Maybe it was because this was the first time Vernon had been forced to confront magic outright. The first time it was shoved in his face like that.

Whatever the reason, maybe Harry didn’t care.

He didn’t know how long he lay there, but it couldn’t have been too long as it was very hot and stuffy inside this shed with the summer sun rising quickly overhead. He was hot before he knew it and realize laying here wasn’t good—he still had a calming draught and he knew he really, really needed it right now so he forced himself up and retreated to the back, feeling a flood of relief when he entered the bubble of area the atmosphere stone affected.

He still felt kind of numb, but recognized it likely wasn’t healthy, so he downed his last calming draught.

And he was glad he did because only a couple seconds later he heard steps approaching the shed once more and he scrambled back to the front immediately—his thoughts were clearer now and despite wanting nothing to do with his uncle right now he also knew that he didn’t want him noticing this back area he’d created. If he saw evidence of more magic things would only get worse and he really couldn’t afford that right now.

No sooner had he appeared in the visible corner of the shed did the doors fling open, and Harry hoped going from the light outside to the dark inside prevented him from seeing the back “wall” rippling in a way that proved it wasn’t quite solid.

Luckily (or unluckily) Vernon seemed to be a man on a mission and ignored him entirely.

Harry watched, not sure what he was doing, as he thundered around the shed and grabbed a random assortment of tools and flung them out the open door behind him. Harry half wanted to bolt for it, but all his stuff was still behind the curtain, including his wand and Hedwig most importantly, so he remained still in hopes not to attract any more ire and that Vernon would get to whatever he was doing quickly.

His actions just made no sense as he tossed everything the shed was meant to hold, leaving only a bunch of pots and bags of mulch and dirt. He even rolled out the push lawn mower and unwound the gardening hoses and just put them in a huge pile uncaringly. When it was pretty much cleared of everything but the workbench and Harry himself standing motionless beside it, Vernon marched out to grab something. He returned only to drop it inside the door, before the doors slammed shut once more.

Harry’s heart slammed into his throat when he heard chains clink ominously outside the doors.

He ran to one of the windows beside it and sure enough he caught sight of Vernon looping the chain Harry usually used to lock the place up while he was out of the shed around the handles—lock in place before he could even cry out in horror at what was being done.

And he realized exactly what was being done as Vernon marched away, pushing the lawn mower to the front of the house—probably to store the shed stuff in the garage now.

Cold horror clawed at his throat—or, it would’ve if he hadn’t just drank a calming draught. Still, not even the magical remedy could stop the sick realization that he was locked in.

Just like the cupboard, just a bit bigger.

But hotter.

Dustier and dirtier.

And he had his stuff… that’s right, he had all his stuff, including his wand and his books and his journals… he had Hedwig, he could…

Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad?

Maybe it was the calming draught speaking, but he wasn’t going to be asked to do chores clearly. He could stay in here and study for the coming year, until he got his chance to leave now. And he wouldn’t come back, so that’d be good. He’d probably run out of things and get bored but he wouldn’t need to put on a show for his relatives or work himself into the ground anymore so…

Okay, maybe it would be a vacation from his relatives.

Maybe this would be okay.

He looked down at what Vernon had dropped in here, and realized it was a bucket of soup cans. Like, every soup can he could remember being in the pantry.

He continued to tell himself that maybe this would be okay, but the soup cans felt more than a little foreboding.

000

It was well into the evening when he realized this was very much not going to be okay.

No one had come near the shed all day, and it was well after dinner and about the time Petunia usually called it a night that Vernon came out into the yard once more with wide flat objects Harry couldn’t make out in the dark. He didn’t realize anyone was there to be fair, but when he’d heard grunting and huffing he’d carefully tip-toed to the windows at the front of the shed to try and see out in the darkness of the new night.

He was startled at how black the view outside was, right before a nail came through the side wall, a little too close to where he’d braced his hand to see out. He was so shocked he took a couple steps back, and a new nail appeared in another corner.

It had been a really stressful day despite almost nothing happening, but he was still all out of sorts as he’d rested and tried to regain control of himself while doing nothing locked in here since that horrific breakfast this morning. He still wasn’t all with it, which is the excuse he’d give if asked why it took him so long to realize what was happening.

Vernon was boarding him in.

By the time it hit him he realized he had two options: go grab his wand and try to claw his way out the remaining open window leaving everything else behind (his unlocked journals from Draco, his invisibility cloak, a bunch of magical items, all his textbooks, his parents’ scrapbook from Hagrid, and Hedwig) and probably have to fight Vernon a second time where he had no idea if he could win without magic (though the odds looked poor if he wasn’t fast enough and he really wasn’t feeling that coordinated at the moment) OR…

He turned on his heel and ran to the back of the shed as fast and as silently as he could.

“Hedwig,” he hissed, and she blinked her yellow eyes awake. It was about time she woke up for her nightly hunt anyway, so she didn’t get why he seemed so panicked at first.

He met her big golden eyes and his heart… broke.

"You need to leave," He whispered quietly anyway, his throat closing up. "He's going to board up the windows—you won't be able to get out and I'm not sure I can live on this food for the summer. You need to flee!" He tried to explain and she clearly didn’t get it but willingly let him lift her up and prop her up near the back window—the small round port only she’d been able to get through anyway.

She flapped her wings and he let her go thinking she was going to take off—but she instead landed on his shoulder for a moment and leaned into him, hooting softly with something like concern and alarm in her tone. She always was way too intelligent of a bird.

He felt tears unwillingly picked at his eyes, hot and frustrated and full of despair.

"I know. But one of us should be free if possible. It's important to me that you're okay, so just… stay out of sight and hunt your fill. Go visit Draco. I'll see you when the summer's over." He told her with more logic than he felt. He felt like his heart was being ground into pieces, and it hurt in a senseless way he couldn’t pinpoint.

Hedwig nipped at his ear with a gentle, sad hoot.

He offered her a watery smile and pushed her up towards the back window once more. She gave him one last impenetrable owl-look before taking off into the night, and just in time as he heard Vernon stomp around back of the shed lugging his tools with the front windows apparently now taken care of.

Harry grabbed the atmosphere bulb and put it into his bottomless bag quickly and covered the window with the curtain he’d put up so Vernon wouldn’t notice anything if he got too close, and held his breath as the monster of a man on the other side of the thin shed wall enough about boarding up the last bit of light left in the dark, earthy shed.

What was he supposed to do? Call out? Try to appeal to Vernon’s empathy one last time to just let him go?

Harry was quickly growing desperate, but he his pride still meant something to him for now.

So he just held his breath and remained quiet as his heart crumbled inside his chest.

Hours later when Vernon had finished his work and returned to the house, it hit Harry how dark it really was in here. And how very, very alone he was going to be from here on out.

000

By the time the next day ended, Harry realized that this was going to be way worse than he’d been imagining. Even he, who was pretty damn cynical, had tried to think of the bright side by thinking of all the things he did have while trapped in here. He still had his books and the furniture he’d bought the previous summer, his journal to Draco and everything else… but it still didn’t seem to matter in the face of how horrible this actually turned out to be.

When he finally realized just how bad the situation was, he really regretted using all his potions already.

No one had come near the shed since Vernon boarded the windows up. He’d used flat sheets of plywood to do the job and while wooden the shed was pretty well made so it was dark; any small amount of light even summer at midday could muster up barely did anything. He could fall asleep and wake up and still not immediately know if it was day or night, and it messed with his sense of time terribly.

It was hot, and quickly becoming unbearably humid too as rain approached, he thought. He was fine within the confines of his atmosphere bulb, but their reach was only his small area in the back so any attempt to stretch his legs and walk around the rest of the shed were only short-lived excursions as the excessive heat quickly made him light headed and sick enough to prefer even his cramped back space to the awful feeling.

He had his magically soft bedroll, the desk with a tiny light he could write by, his endless water bottle, the snacks he’d saved up from Hogwarts, and the atmosphere bulbs, so those were all good, but the thing was… they didn’t know that.

So far as Vernon and Petunia were concerned, he was locked in a hot shed with a bucket of soup cans, that’s it, and they hadn’t once come near the shed to let him out to let him get a drink or take a break from the heat or anything. He was seriously starting to wonder if they were trying to outright kill him by locking him in a 40C outdoor building with an in-no-way-sufficient water supply for even a couple days. By the time the second night was halfway through, Harry realized they had no intention of letting him out again period.

Where they trying to kill him?

When he realized what the bucket was probably for, he felt sick.

These…assholes.

He hated them.

He’d live, and he’d live with dignity no thanks to them, so they could take their bucket and shove it. They didn’t even know the meaning of dignity clearly, and yet they had the audacity to try to deprive him of his.

He curled up in the corner of his now prison and put his head on his knees… fighting tears but not quite being able to prevent them as everything crashed down around him.

It was dark. All the time. And this prison sentence had just started but it already felt like it was too much and he just wanted some amount of light to break this monotonous dark.

It wasn’t cramped like the cabinet had been but the stifling heat kept him caged anyway and it chaffed at his soul like fire. He also came to realization that the soup cans would barely last him a can a day to the end of July much less the full summer if he was counting the days correctly. And he had some snacks in his magical fridge plus his stashed snacks but when faced with a whole summer ahead of him, they suddenly seemed sickeningly sparse.

From what little he knew of calories and nutrition, he figured he wouldn't die but… even if he kept still and didn't burn a single excess calorie if he could help it, he wouldn't be running his full speed with the football club next year like he did the last. He wondered how long it would take to recover from something like this…

Dark.

Hunger.

Heat.

Claustrophobia.

Every single thing seemed like an insurmountable challenge, and that wasn’t even considering he was fully out of potions and there was clearly no chance in hell they were going to let go to London to restock.

He had a sickening thought of if they’d even let him for school in September, and a darker, but frighteningly realistic part of himself thought maybe they were hoping he wouldn’t make it that long.

There would never be an escape from this then.

He wanted to refuse to let their tiny, selfish selves get to him, he didn’t want to cry like he was beaten by muggle pigs like they were but…

There was no one to see his shameful tears, anyway.

000

The nightmares got worse.

He didn’t really have any expectation that they’d get better, to be fair, but that didn’t make recognizing that things were slowly getting worse any easier.

He hated that he’d kind of lost track of time already, and kept to writing down the days and nights—and he had to write them out because he’d tried to keep a calendar and found himself crossing off days multiple times because they seemed to stretch on so long he forgot he’d already counted today more than once. It was just so dark and as he lost more and more sleep to his nightmares, he found himself sleeping pretty much whenever—there was just to reason to be up during the day anyway so… if he was tired, he slept.

And he slept a lot so that made keeping track of time even harder.

But his sleep was almost always broken by some kind of horrific nightmare and jolted him awake—or not even a nightmare but a ghost pain somewhere in his body jerking him conscious like someone was there hitting him—but whatever the reason he wasn’t getting real rest and he knew it.

But the time a week had passed (by his sketchy time keeping at least) he knew they were leaving him here to rot, and he was not feeling that good. It was far past Dudley’s birthday meaning his excuse of people waiting on him in London had failed—they didn’t fear him standing someone up and by now they’d realized they’d gotten away with it. No one had come looking for him when he didn’t show—they didn’t know it was a lie and that no one had been waiting on him at all, so now the assholes were probably confident in their letting him rot here without repercussions.

He tried to balance his snacks with the soup cans but the soup wasn’t really that substantial and most of his snacks were… well, snacks. Most of it was just sugar with really poor nutritional value, and was in no way filling. He was eating them because by a week in he was irrevocably hungry, but by two weeks in the hunger had turned to pain and he was down to just soups and a few too-sugary snacks left that really just made him sick instead of fixing the twisting pain in his abdomen. He drank as much water as he could to stay hydrated, but without real sustenance he was starting to feel really, really sick—all the time. Not to mention his hands had started shaking something awful, and probably only worsened his bad sleeping habits from how tired he always felt.

From the mental side of things… the lack of connection to anyone, the lack of light, of freedom… well, he felt himself spiral not-so-slowly and it was an oddly terrifying sensation. It didn’t feel so much like a descent into madness, and more a free fall at the speed of gravity.

The one obvious thing that should’ve been his saving grace, was his journal with Draco.

Draco had, obviously, asked why Hedwig had showed up at his house seeming really distressed.

Harry hadn’t told him.

Draco had also asked why he was suddenly able to write during the day when prior he said he was only available at nights.

Harry hadn’t told him.

Draco pointed out almost daily at this point how his handwriting seemed much worse all of a sudden and how his sentences weren’t not nearly as coherent, asking if he was alright or if he was sick or the like.

Harry hadn’t told him a god damned thing.

Excuses, excuses, he mocked himself mercilessly as he scratched the paper a little too hard with his quill as he told Draco about how he was tired from chores which is why his handwriting was so shaky—not the lack of food making his hands tremble like a tuning fork. He’d lied and said he simply got his chores done quicker so he could write during the day. He’d lied through his teeth when he said Hedwig was just mad at him for not needing her this summer thanks the journals which is why she was over at Malfoy Manor permanently for now.

He lied and he lied and he lied like it was so bloody easy and he hated himself to no end for it.

Oh god did he hate himself right now.

Draco would help, a venomous voice hissed at him from somewhere inside his own brain. Not his graveyard, that was for certain, as he hadn’t set eyes on it since that damned night down in the chamber where Quirrell had almost murdered him gruesomely. Where he’d murdered Quirrell gruesomely instead.

A fuck, if that wasn’t a thought he was in no way capable of facing right now.

Draco would help, that stupid voice hissed again, not leaving him the bloody well alone. Draco would help, you just have to ask.

I know that, shut the hell up. He snapped back, and calmly recognized that talking to oneself was a sign he’d officially lost it. More than he already had, to be fair.

Because he wasn’t so far gone to realize he was pretty far gone already.

His stomach twisted as Draco wrote back something else and he answered dutifully, lacking some of the spark he knew he used to have but just being unable to do anything about it. He didn’t know how to get it back, and he didn’t know how to fake it either. Not with Draco.

He wrote back something normal as per the course of conversation, and he didn’t mention what was currently dominating his mind right now. He didn’t mention the shed or the darkness or the hunger.

He should’ve, but he didn’t. He said something about quidditch he didn’t even care enough to really worry if what he was saying made a lick of sense or not.

Why aren’t you telling him?

I can’t tell him.

What other option do you have? Starve? Die?

Is your pride worth dying for?

Harry stared at the pages of the journal filling out with whatever Draco was saying lying in front of him. The blond, sitting somewhere else in the world writing these words in elegant cursive with an expensive golden-tipped quill. Probably at his desk by a large gothic window, or beneath the willow tree in his yard where he’d taken a break from quidditch practice for write to him for a while. Pure white peacocks would be milling his yard around him, each one described in depth through Draco’s plethora of poetic words when he got into the swing of writing. When he got into it, the boy had a way with written words, Harry had to admit. Sometimes they were absolutely beautiful.

Harry stared at the words slowing filling in with ink, not quite being able to read them but happy to picture Draco somewhere in the world writing them, and found some amount of peace.

He did not write back any more that day.

000

Happy birthday, Harry! I tried to get Hedwig to bring you a present but she refused for some reason? She’s your bird, you’ll have to have a talk with her. Maybe we can meet up and I can give it you in person; that’d be better anyway.

He stared at the words in his journal and felt… cold.

It’s been… that long? I thought I had another three days. My time keeping truly sucks apparently.

The shed doors had not opened once since Vernon had closed them over a month ago, and Harry felt nothing as he lay down again rather than respond to Draco’s message. The blond knew something was wrong now, because Harry would go days without writing him back. Luckily he hadn’t stopped writing him first, even if most of the time it now sounded like journal entries talking about his day without someone responding to him.

I’m sorry I can’t write as much.

That’s fine! Write when you can, I know you’re busier than I am during the summers. I’m not doing anything so I don’t mind—Blaise went back to Italy so I can’t even bother him and Theo actually told me to get lost which isn’t a shock…

Draco had accepted Harry’s very cryptic apology and kept writing like nothing was wrong, and he appreciated it. Because he had lied, and he did nothing with his day at all, often staring at Draco’s journal entries for hours and hours and hours and could not for the life of him bring himself to respond back. He had a couple times and the blond had been thrilled, responding with several pages of his own without needing Harry to continue on.

He was thankful, because he didn’t have a good reason why he couldn’t respond. He couldn’t even give himself one, though the stupid answer he knew was his pride.

He’d been in here for a month now, so even he thought pride was a stupid answer, but he still didn’t tell Draco a damn thing.

Because he was an idiot? A lunatic? A masochist?

I’m not okay, he managed to admit to himself, and oddly it was an entirely calm thing. That was probably a terrible sign, but it didn’t alarm him.

Also probably a bad sign.

I’m not okay—otherwise I would’ve told Draco immediately. But I didn’t and now it’s been a month. What the hell is wrong with me?

At least he wasn’t answering himself anymore, but on the down side that meant he had no answer for that directionless question. He’d been terribly mean to himself though, so it was kind of nice not to be having those conversations anymore.

He’d reached some kind of equilibrium. He wasn’t panicky or senselessly angry. He was so tired he’d somehow come around to accept it and barely even flinched when he woke from a nightmare now. He was so hungry the pain in his stomach was now muted, and only really came back after he’d eaten a bit of soup since he’d cleanly finished all other food sources about a week ago. He only had about a week left of soup, maybe two if he went with half a can a day. He could probably handle that.

His new sense of calm had given him a chance to get around to his textbooks more properly—in an attempt to do anything but wallow he’d ready everything he had back to front, some of them more than once for lack of better option and because they had slightly harder content to absorb. One in particular was the dark arts transfiguration text Draco had given him for Christmas and he’d learned quite a bit he probably wouldn’t be sharing with McGonagall but it made him feel better somehow.

It gave him some power back, to refocus on what he could do. In this entirely hopeless situation where despair came in cycles of intensity, focusing on the power he did have helped settle him. He was a transfiguration prodigy, he came to accept this at some point of this prison sentence, and if he embraced that thought then he would use it to become stronger than he was now. He took so many notes and buffed out so many equations for potential new spells he’d lost count and used up several of the journals he’d been saving for next year, and even developed a plan.

He would get out of here—not sure how, but he would somehow. Despair often gave way to the blanket thought that eventually this hell would end, and he would get out. One way or another.

When he did, he was going to need to actually do something to no longer be helpless. Because he was, and that is what ended him up in every terrible situation he’d ever been in. Helpless against a troll, helpless against a professor, helpless against a dark lord, helpless against bloody muggles…

No more.

Draco and McGonagall had spoken briefly in the past about dueling, and Harry now knew that fighting with magic was an art form and he could learn it, and get better at it—could learn to defend himself. Transfiguration was his strength, so he was going to focus on that and with what he had at his disposal now and not being able to perform magic, he simply plotted, and waiting.

And he had a lot of waiting around to do, locked in a shed, so he plotted a lot.

And always, the looming thought that he could just tell someone through the enchanted journal via Draco but…

But he dind’t tell Draco. And there were tons of other people he could maybe ask Draco to pass along a note to, but he convinced himself out of it every time. Slytherins weren’t cozy like the Gryffindors or Hufflepuffs, and he likes Blaise but he’d definitely hold it over his head and he didn’t even know Theo that well yet to be able to make that call. Daphne maybe as they could work out a deal and she was genuinely nice so she’d be okay with getting involved but…

He still didn’t do it.

Any of the Ravenclaws or Hufflepuffs he didn’t—they would help of course and he loved them dearly, but he refused to get them involved. He imagined telling each and every one of them in depth to see if he could stomach it, and he just couldn’t. Not even Lu who would love to be the one to fix it—he loved fixing things.

But this wasn’t something that could be fixed and Harry knew deep down he would resent Lu for trying—and failing.

It was the Gryffindors he seriously considered, and he was warming up to the idea. Neville was probably his best friend aside from Draco but he wouldn’t involve the boy here, no matter how much Neville would secretly hate him for withholding this. He knew Neville would jump right in, shyness or not, to help him to matter the cost, but it was for that reason he wouldn’t. Their relationship didn’t work like that, and Harry was going to protect him from the knowledge that people like the Dursleys exist for a little while longer.

Someday, he resolved to tell Neville everything. He wanted Neville to share things with him and he knew he’d need to live up to that concept and be a friend a friend would want to have by sharing things with him first, but today was not that day.

It… felt pitiful to admit he just wasn’t ready to tell Neville about this, even if it was entirely true.

In all honesty, he was actually legitimately considering Seamus or Dean. Seamus really, as there wasn’t a nicer and more understanding guy in Hogwarts he didn’t think, at least no one that Harry knew as a friend like he knew the Irishman. Seamus wouldn’t even question it and he’d be down to pick him up and shout in some muggles’ faces if Vernon decided to put up a fight. If Harry asked him to pretend it never happened once they got away from Private Drive, Seamus would in a heartbeat and never speak another word of it again.

The same could not be said for Draco or Neville, who would be happy to help but would never let it rest given how concerned they would be. Not even the twins would be able to let it go and there were high contenders on his list of people he could probably go to or help, but he had no faith the twins wouldn’t inadvertently kill the Dursleys via prank-gone-wrong or make it infinitely worse by doing some kind of magic that got them all expelled. Or arrested even, as non-family member wizards shouldn’t be doing magic in front of muggles.

Yeah, asking the twins would invite in chaos Harry wasn’t ready to handle.

He could probably tell the twins though, once he was free. When they were back at Hogwarts, they might be good confidants to have… but he wouldn’t asking them for help getting free. That seemed like a poor idea when he could easily think of about five dozen things that could go wrong with that plan just off the top of his head.

No… if it got to that point, he was seriously considering asking Draco to pass along a note to Seamus.

But in the mean time… he needed to at least try to get out himself.

Fuck Hogwarts charter, he was so far past his hesitation for leaving he was on the other side of the galaxy by now—he was going to get out of here and he was never coming back to these inhuman pigs who’d tried to kill him slowly and painfully in their own back yard. Dumbledore could do anything he wanted, he wouldn’t set foot in Hogwarts again rather than be stuck here any longer.

No more.

Vernon had, for once, actually been smart about something and removed all the tools inside the shed he could’ve used to break out, and everything Harry had at his disposal was magical and would probably alert something at the ministry that he was using underage magic. The only thing he had that wouldn’t trigger an alarm as still of some use, was his potions knife.

After way too long being unreasonably helpless, he finally started working on his escape.





Chapter 34: Book 2 : Envy : 2




Severus paced the halls of Hogwarts with a scowl on his face. He knew the paintings on the walls (or most of them at least) were loyal to the Headmaster and would inform him of any suspicious or interesting activity going on in the castle but luckily him walking around looking displeased was not at all abnormal. It was perhaps the most interesting thing happening at the moment given that aside from the ghosts, Peeves, Filch who never seemed to leave the damn place, and Hagrid out in the forest attending to one of his… pets, Severus was utterly alone within Hogwarts castle at this moment. All other faculty were taking their summer break elsewhere, and even Dumbledore himself was at the Ministry attending to the duties he outright neglected during the school year for once.

Severus of course had a residence outside of Hogwarts, but the castle had his best brewing stations and most complete ingredient stores, not to mention the summer months were perfect time to get work done on his potion research, uninterrupted. Even Dumbledore left him alone on the most part, knowing he’d be in an even worse mood if possible if the one time of year he got a break from all human contact to just brew potions in peace was interfered with. This was his vacation and thankfully everyone who would bother interrupting him knew it and so thankfully didn’t.

Potions was a complicated, intricate art though. The amount of times he’d needed a break from his work to take a short walk and clear his thoughts before making his next breakthrough were extremely common, so there was nothing suspicious about what he was doing at all. The most interesting probably as nothing else was happening in the castle, but not suspicious at all.

He was a spy, a marvelous actor, and an accomplished Occlumens who could protect his mind from both Albus Dumbledore and Lord Voldemort—no one would ever be able to tell he wasn’t stalking down the halls frustrated about a potion right now.

Which was good, because if anyone ever did realize what he was up to, he was going to be in a world of trouble.

He wanted to be mad at Lucius for interrupting him during the summer holiday but when the blond had explained himself, Severus really couldn’t fault him. He could be frustrated and annoyed to hell that he’d chosen to get the potions master involved in this seriously complicated situation, but as a Slytherin he also couldn’t fault Lucius for actually being extremely clever about this.

The thing was… the dark lord was not entirely gone.

Severus might’ve been young and stupid and ignorant of a lot when he joined the Death Eaters once upon a time, however he’d learned and he’d learned fast through pain and blood and a simply absurd amount of loss. By the time the dark lord was ‘defeated’, yes he’d had a lot on his mind and had not immediately concerned himself over his position as a spy for the dark and the light, but eventually he’d come out of his fog of grief over losing Lily and recognized that his role at Hogwarts wasn’t something he could just disregard even if he was no longer a spy in an active war.

Because he used to be young and stupid. That had passed, and now he was under no illusion that the war would not come back in full force one day. Call him paranoid or war torn, it didn’t matter—the fact Quirrell had been possessed by a piece of the dark lord only a couple months ago proved every fear Severus had ever had entirely right.

And to be totally honest, that was a terrifying, uncomfortable thing to learn even if he did feel validated for keeping his cover all this time even as everyone around him celebrated a “victory” and pushed the war into the backs of their minds like it wasn’t important anymore. Even people like Minerva and Filius who were some of the more practical fighters back then had put down their battle shields, so to speak, and embraced peace like there would never again be war.

It was incredibly stupid, in Severus’ opinion, but he’d been the paranoid one with no proof for his fears.

Well now he did.

And still they acted like that was a one-off incident and there was still no way the dark lord would ever return.

Ha.

He would laugh in their faces if he weren’t so stressed out.

The things he knew: the dark lord was confirmed not gone and if Severus knew anything about the monster of a man, he would be coming back someday. There was no way of knowing when exactly or how many years it would take, but with Harry Potter—the boy the dark lord will want dead above all other people—now at Hogwarts and learning to become a full wizard, that would only complicate things (he wasn’t sure how, all he knew was that it would). Luckily Severus could easily predict that the dark lord would want to kill the boy himself and so he could easily say he was just keeping tabs on the boy for when his master came to enact his revenge. He would have to come up with some clever information to provide that would not actually kill the boy while still somehow proving he was loyal to the dark lord, which would be a headache but he’d have to think of something sooner rather than later, preferably.

Because another layer of complexity, is where Draco would fall in this. That would be… extremely unpleasant, however Severus had an idea of how to protect his godson from the dark lord, it was just… he wasn’t sure the boy’s friendship with the Potter brat would actually survive it.

More importantly, he wasn’t sure Lucius would let him live if he put the Malfoy heir in that kind of danger. And priss or not, Lucius was a good fighter and could throw a nasty hex even Severus might not be able to reverse.

He shook those dark thoughts off quickly. It really just depended on when the dark lord came back—preferably it’d be after both of the boys graduated Hogwarts and they could handle themselves, but if it happened sooner (and Severus got a stomach ache just thinking about sooner) when they were both still children who’d need to be handled or guided through a full-out war, they would need help.

Draco would need help. He wasn’t sure he could actually help Potter other than giving him a fair chance at not dying immediately should a war break out, and to be totally frank he wasn’t 100% sure he wanted to do anything more than that. He probably would only if it was convenient and no one he cared about was endangered for it, by Draco’s request only, but he wasn’t quite sure where his feelings would actually lay when it came down to it. He had a horrible feeling it was going to end up a choice between his godson and Lily’s son, and frankly he’d be happy to save that fucking nightmare for his future self to deal with.

For today, he had other concerns.

Draco would need to be much better prepared than he currently was, and he was already great at potions. Not a prodigy but he was diligent and intelligent, he would fair very well if Severus pushed him a little more. He also showed a not-so-subtle interest in charms as well, which would be better suited for use in a fight, so Severus made a note to have a discussion with his godson this year about that as well. It was never too early to start learning practical applications for magic in a battle situation, after all, and he was sure Lucius wouldn’t mind teaching Draco to defend himself a little more.

Narcissa might, but she could be swayed.

Severus fought down a wince that threatened to break his mask of annoyance as he passed some random hallway for the third time. He really was wandering with both his body and his thoughts, but he wasn’t exactly finding any answers.

You see… Severus knew what now every Slytherin (or simply not stupid) family knew after Potter’s incident several weeks ago. Quirrell had been possessed, the dark lord was still around, and everyone was now making plans just as he was for that inevitability. While Severus thought he was pretty safe in his role, most others did not.

His last order from the dark lord was to get close to Dumbledore, and his master had never once revealed or even hinted he was possessing Quirrell at all the entire year to him. On one hand that might make other Death Eaters sweat a bit, thinking they’d lost the trust or favor of the dark lord, and yeah it unnerved him a bit but Severus had also had far more trust and favor with their master than anyone else at one time. Being a spy and their only potions master had done wonders—he was self-aware enough to admit he’d had no heart when he first joined as well, so it’d only really been a shock to Lucius when he’d announced he was fully on board with killing the Potters. Everyone else, including the dark lord, thought he’d gotten over Lily after he’d convinced (tortured into him) him of the concept that muggleborns weren’t worth their time.

Only Lucius and Narcissa were aware that he had indeed never gotten over her and their master going after her had caused his allegiances to switch. Sort of, as he didn’t like Dumbledore any better to be honest, he really was just on his own side from then on out.

So no… others might worry their master didn’t trust them for not revealing himself, but Severus was fairly certain he could get away with not only not recognizing it (he was the freaking dark lord and Dumbledore didn’t notice, so he might get a cruciatus for it but the dark lord wouldn’t actually blame Severus for not noticing what ‘greater men’ hadn’t either) but he’d also probably get away with his ‘bullying’ of Quirrell too.

Severus had never actually liked Quirinius, and him acting off last year had obviously made it worse. Yes Severus was serving Dumbledore in protecting the stone, but he hadn’t known the dark lord was around to even want the stone and so it could be seen as continuing to follow orders in his master’s absence.

Also, he was pretty sure the dark lord didn’t even like Quirrell either.

The man was an ex-muggle studies professor, a light-aligned coward, and pathetically weak. He was perfect possession material that could be disposed of, not an actual follower no matter if he’d easily been convinced of his servitude by the dark lord. Severus was confident that he and the dark lord were in agreement with their distaste of the man and so he wouldn’t get punished (too badly) for threatening him occasionally when he was doing his stuttering, cowardly act. The dark lord probably got amusement out of doing the same thing.

Severus was pretty much alone in being relatively calm about the discovery the dark lord was still around, though. He had been paranoid and worried about it happening since the lord’s demise eleven years ago, so while it was a large concern for certain, he wasn’t shocked and had plenty of plans in place so that this didn’t eventually kill him. The same could not be said for a lot of darker families who made a lot of questionable actions after the war—not reprehensible as they’d done it to keep out of Azkaban, but unfortunately there was no chance at all the dark lord would see it that way. A lot of people were playing catch-up now so that they could be in a position of advantage when the dark lord finally returned, in hopes he’d spare them for their usefulness and not killed for what they’d done in the face of his defeat.

One such family was of course the Malfoys, who’d gotten a close, detailed account of what had happened between Potter and the dark lord in that chamber via their son, who’d heard it straight from the Potter brat’s own mouth.

And in exchange for this favor, Lucious had given Severus all the details he wanted and let’s just say… things did not look very promising. That wasn’t just a possession it sounded like, it was most likely far more twisted and dark and it was a piece of their master who remembered it all. Which meant he would probably remember that encounter when he returned, which means he’d remember everything he witnessed while possessing Quirrell…

Again, Severus thought he was probably fine. Even most of the Slytherins were probably fine, as while Severus still did not understand what had exactly happened, his house suddenly loved Harry Potter for some god’s named reason beyond his understanding (and emotional capacity to deal with right now, he’d save that for September). Luckily, Quirrell had already fucked off to who knows where to try and get the stone by that point and hadn’t seen the dime-shift that happened, so all he’d seen was Slytherin giving a lunatic Gryffindor the cold shoulder all year while he attempted to sit at their table. The Zabini and Greengrass heirs had shown more interest but they were probably safe enough for now given their family status… the only person who was a clear open target, was Draco.

Again, Severus had an idea of how to protect Draco regardless of what Quirrell did or did not see (though standing together in front of the entire Great Hall day one was a bad start to say the least) but as his godson was never going to forgive him for it, he was holding off on that for the time being.

He couldn’t wait forever as you never knew when the dark lord would return but… he would probably hear whispers before it finally happened, so it wasn’t like he wouldn’t get no warning.

He hoped.

Luckily, Draco was also the top priority of both his parents. Lucius cared about his son, himself, and sometimes even his wife in that order. Occasionally he could be convinced that he legitimately liked Severus as a friend too, but the potions master never actually counted on that. Given Lucius now knew everything Severus did about the current situation, while Severus was plotting his own tactics to help protect Draco, the boy’s father was clearly making his own precautions.

And the first step he’d clued Severus in on, was the tiny black journal Severus currently had stashed in his robe pocket, walking around Hogwarts halls like he wasn’t hyperaware of the unknown, likely very powerful, likely insanely dark object he had on him.

Thankfully Dumbledore was a blooming idiot who hadn’t put up dark item wards up despite one of his own professors being possessed just last month.

The plan was simple as it was bloody impossible at the same time. Whatever this object was, the dark lord had ordered Lucius to hide it, and Severus was vaguely aware that he’d asked other high-ranking Death Eaters do the same with other objects. That could only mean they were insanely important, even if they had no idea how or why.

Lucius had a perfect excuse: the ministry was picking closer at his assets and was now doing through checks of his properties, mainly for “audit” purposes but no one was stupid enough to think they weren’t actively searching for dark or illegal objects to pin him with. In his “concern” it may be discovered in his personal vaults of dark objects, he bade Severus take it and hide it in Hogwarts.

It was perfectly logical, if the dark lord waited long enough from killing Lucius to hear it. The dark lord himself saw Dumbledore as the ultimate foe (prior to Potter, that is) and had never attempted to take Hogwarts. If the great Lord Voldemort didn’t attempt to take Hogwarts, then there was no safer place to hide something precious to their master. And Severus had been building his reputation and trustworthiness under the headmaster for over a decade at that point, he was in a perfect position to sneak it into the castle and find a good place to stash it.

If the dark lord wanted to hear their logic, he might approve of it. Severus was fairly certain he’d at least torture a location from Lucius before killing him for everything else he’d done, and once he learned that only Severus actually knew where it was, the spy would be in an even better potion to protect Draco. The potions master had pointed this out and Lucius was fully aware of it—he knew he was going to have to take other drastic measures to ensure he wasn’t killed outright when the dark lord returned, but this one was for Draco.

The dark lord might like that Lucius took action to protect it even after publicly denouncing the dark, and selling out a lot of other Death Eaters in return for his own freedom. He might like the position Lucius was in, being an otherwise dark family who made steps to go grey and succeeded slightly so they now had the ears of most of the Ministry as well as all their old dark contacts. And of course, money fixed a lot of things so being able to bankroll the dark lord when he returned would also probably help.

Still, Lucius would have to do more, but this was a decent start. And predictably, it helped Draco’s position first—and Severus was certainly not complaining about it helping his own either. Even if the expectation was that he’d use it to protect his godson, but he’d been planning on doing that anyway.

That didn’t help him now though as he walked the halls yet again trying to think of what to do with this. Hogwarts was huge, and full of secrets no one man would ever know, so it should be simple to find one secret place in amongst a million other secret places this castle had. It was turning out not to be so simple at all, as he walked and walked and walked and really just couldn’t think of anything. He’d lived in this castle for literally the majority of his life, given his time here as a student combined with being a teacher, but even he wasn’t sure he knew of a place he was sure no one else knew of.

Dumbledore might, but asking him absolutely defeated the purpose.

It was almost time to call this task quits for the night (although he really didn’t want to keep this thing on him longer than absolutely necessary) when he passed a door that sent alarm bells off somewhere in the back of his mind. He was a spy, he never ignored those types of instincts and automatically categorized everything he knew about this door, this hallway, and this floor to try and ascertain why type of threat it was.

The only thing he could come up with though, was that he didn’t recognize it.

Which was extremely suspicious to the point he whipped his wand out to point at it warily as he’d just spent the better part of the afternoon and all evening combing this school and considering each and every door, alcove, and tapestry he passed for a hint of what he might need. Why didn’t he recognize this door? Did it just appear?

…actually, I wouldn’t put it past Hogwarts. He admitted after a couple seconds of considering that.

Still, not putting his wand even an inch lower he walked to it carefully… a few diagnostic spells revealed it was, predictably, a door.

Which didn’t mean shit when it came to Hogwarts. Also, given it’s current headmaster who didn’t seem to care about lethal things wandering his school and its groundkeeper who didn’t understand what classified as a lethal thing or not, there was no guarantee whatever was behind here wasn’t incredibly dangerous if not outright deadly.

So Severus was on guard for pretty much just about anything when he opened it, in hopes this would actually be the answer he was looking for.

He was still surprised by what he found, but figured this actually might be a pretty good answer to his troubles. And he really, really hoped the dark lord agreed.

000

It took too long, it took way too long, but eventually Harry made progress.

The shed was well made, unfortunately, which meant finding a gap that wouldn’t take a week and his entire soul to carve out was pretty difficult, but he eventually settled for an area at the back corner that when cleared of wood would give him just enough room to squeeze out, and he wouldn’t have to cut through joists to do it either. The problem, he figured, was that the back and the one side were up against the garden fence and he’d have to cut through not only the shed wall, but the neighbor’s fence and that was bound to be noticed long before he could actually get enough wood cleared to get out. The front and the other side faced the Dursley’s back yard, and if they happened to look out of their back window at the shed they’d locked their nephew in for any reason, the jig would be up before you knew it. And one would think they’d be hyperaware of the shed they’d locked someone in, so the chances were more than he was willing to risk.

Also, annoyingly enough, the entire thing was set on a concrete slab to keep it level and prevent it being waterlogged so he couldn’t cut the bottom and dig out quickly either.

He settled for a compromise and aimed at the back corner of his little area—still kind of visible to the back yard but also right up against the neighbor’s fence, so neither would be that noticeable. He also saved the edge closest to the Dursley’s house for last.

With the plan in place, it still didn’t help actually doing it. It was simple enough concept, to cut a hole in a bunch of wood, but in reality when you only had a silver blade which equated to nothing more than a fancy kitchen knife that was designed to cut plants and beetle shells up against well made, pressure treated wood and some kind of plastic/rubber/tile-like siding (?), things didn’t go well.

He packed everything he could into his bottomless bag, the only thing not fitting being his trunk which he emptied and abandoned—he could get another one in Diagon easily no matter how nice it was. He kept out his atmosphere bulb and his muggle-repelling ward stone just to ensure no one came too close to where he was working to stop him, which gave him a lot of relief as he got started actually. He then got to work, but it quickly became apparent this was not a couple hour project, and he was right because by the time he was anywhere near close to being done, a couple days had passed.

If he could get a firm grip on the knife with his too-shaky hands, that’d be one thing. If he could continue gouging the knife into the wood with some amount of force for more than five minutes without need to catch his breath, that’d be another. He was eternally exhausted and alarmingly weak with all food now officially gone, and eventually he had strips of one of Dudley’s old shirts wrapped almost entirely around his hands to stop the bleeding from dozens of cuts as he slipped in his grip on it and cut himself. That only slowed it down though as the cloth made it almost impossible to properly grip the slippery silver blade handle, even if he could use more force than a someone with arthritis, but he was pretty sure any passing grandma would be able to best him in thumb wrestling pretty easily judging by his laborious pace.

By the second day the blade was also dulled to almost nothing, since clearly it was not designed for this kind of work, and he was only about halfway done. With a blunt knife, the second half took another three days easily, with things only slowing down as he did.

He was almost done, and despite being sick to his stomach and desperate to get some sleep (he’d taken too many naps during this project already, he needed to get out of here already) he kept at it even as his arms shook weakly and his grip on the knife slipped uneasily here and there. He was almost there, and the cuts had stopped bleeding so he took off the cloth to get one last good grip on it—

—and immediately slipped and cut himself.

Because of course he did.

“Shit,” he hissed, dropping the knife and clenching his fist as the new slice across his palm bled deeply and freely down his wrist, also re-opening about four others while it went. He was so done with everything he barely cared, disregarding the sting of it entirely at this point, so he just reached into his bottomless bag with said bloody hand as he picked up the knife again, searching for another of Dudley’s shirts to use as rags for it.

He was still looking for it and absently picking at the last area of wall with the now super-dull blade, so it was the shock of his life when a tiny little pop sounded right next to him, and some kind of creature was staring at him with too-wide, entirely inhuman but eerily still human-ish eyes.

“Bloody hell!” He gasped, reeling back and dropping the knife once more immediately as he pressed himself into the corner of the shed with his eyes wide. He did have his wand in his sleeve finally in preparation to leave and immediately had it pointed at the creature, although his palm was still slick with blood so he almost dropped it. “Who are you!?” He demanded.

“Harry Potter sir!” It squeaked, looking just as alarmed. “Dobby is here to help you sirs!” It told him in a high pitched, shaky voice.

“Dobby? What’s a Dobby? Who are—what?” he gaped openly, still not lowering his wand.

“Dobby is a house elf sir! Master Draco sent hims to help you sirs!” The creature—now identified as a house elf—had huge ears and was dressed in a filthy tea towel. Something about it twisted Harry’s stomach even if it was already knotted from hunger. “Ah, and Dobby cames to tell you sir not to go to—no! Bad Dobby!” The creature seemed to scold himself, and to Harry’s utter horror, started banging his head on the side of the shed wall.

“Stop! Stop that, what are you doing!?” He balked, dropping his wand to shove the tiny creature away from the wall. “Don’t hit yourself—are you an idiot?” He cried incredulously.

“Dobby disobeys so he must be punished,” The tiny thing told him morosely and Harry about had a seizure at what the statement did to his brain.

“Oh my god Dobby no bloody way is that true. Listen to me,” he grabbed the elf from where it was about to go for the wall again and shook him gently. “No hurting yourself, am I clear? You’re a house elf, I’m told you’re supposed to follow orders so do as I say and don’t hurt yourself, got it!?”

“B-but Master Harry Potter isn’t my master! I disobey my masters, Dobby should be punished,” He explained as if that made sense and Harry saw red.

“Who are your masters?” He hissed, then suddenly brought himself up short. “Wait… you said Draco sent you?”

“Yes sirs! Draco said your journals was covered in blood. I sees Master Harry Potter’s hand is cut?”

Harry’s stomach dropped and he quickly released the elf to search through his bag properly this time… in short order he found his enchanted journal and winced when he realized the edges of the pages had been completed dyed with fresh red blood he’d probably smeared there in his careless searching through his bag. He hadn’t been thinking… no wonder, if Draco saw all that unexplained blood he’d have a right fit.

He was going to have a tough time explaining this one…

But his head snapped up when he realized the elf was still here, and that Draco had sent him. Self-punishment aside, this was probably a good thing.

“Wait, Draco sent you to help me… then can you help me get out of this shed?” He demanded, and Dobby blinked widely at him.

“Out of the shed? I’s to help you with your cuts,” The elf snapped his fingers and the blood on Harry’s hands disappeared, the pain from the cuts instantly soothed leaving nothing but faint pink lines over where they’d once been. He didn’t even care about the scars though, he was so far past caring actually, but he did note that it didn’t make the bloody handprint he’d inadvertently left on Dobby’s tea towel disappear. “Why is Master Harry Potter in a shed?” The elf asked the real question here, and Harry felt tension spike along his shoulders.

“Dobby, I’m stuck in here and trying to get out, that’s all you need to know. I’ve almost cut a hole but if you could open it wide or better yet take me out to the street away from this house, it would be greatly appreciated. And if you could maybe not tell Draco, all the better…” He tried to explain as calmly as he could, but his heart leapt into his throat in hope. This could work!

But the elf just looked incredibly guilty.

“Master Harry Potter sirs… Dobby should tell you—ah! Bad Dobby!” He lunged for the wall again and Harry grabbed him automatically, annoyed.

“Stop that! Tell me what Dobby? And can you not tell me after we get out of here?”

The elf wailed a bit at being denied his punishment, but sniffled dramatically instead, wiping it on his tea towel. “Dobby only sent to see if Master Harry Potters is alright by Master Malfoy, and he fixes his hands. But—but Master Harry Potter must not go to Hogwarts this year! There’s is somethings bad in the castle! Dobby hears of its!”

What on earth? Okay, whatever.

“Fine, I won’t go to Hogwarts. Now get me out please?” He demanded.

The elf wailed balefully, and Harry was thankful for his muggle repelling stone. “Master Harry Potters is lying sirs!” He accused. “Wizards can’ts lie to house elves!”

Okay, good to know.

“Of course I’m lying, you can’t demand that of me out of nowhere; I don’t even know you!” Harry huffed back, and the elf shot him a tearful glare.

“No! Master Harry Potter will be safe here so he should stay here! He must not go to Hogwarts!”

The elf snapped again, and just like that he disappeared from the hold Harry had around him, and he was once again alone in the shed.

“What the hell?” He exclaimed to no one, glancing around incredulously at that quick, and ultimately zany, confusing interaction. The first real interaction he’d had in an undetermined amount of weeks, actually, and it’d been a really weird one.

But it was as he glanced around wildly after the elf, that he realized the shed wall he’d spent the last several days carving through… had been entirely, magically restored. Not even a single scratch on it.

He stared.

Minutes passed, and he just stared.

… huh.

That’s… well. All that work… for…

…nothing?

The logical side of his mind told him he was too hungry, too tired for do this again. The knife was basically just a piece of metal in his hands instead of a real blade it was so dull, so it’d be at least a week now to re-do it all if he could work at his previous pace, and since it’d been a hot minute since he’d had anything to eat, that was never going to happen.

Yeah, I know. He told his logical side as his emotional side curled in on itself—and collapsed.

Only, it didn’t collapse like a bridge blowing out or a tree falling in a silent wood. No… this went out like a supernova, and there was this quiet little moment where a giant star fell in on itself, where there was nothing but silence, and darkness.

And then in an instant, there wasn’t.





Chapter 35: Book 2 : Envy : 3


Chapter Notes

To be honest I never considered making Harry an obscurus sorry if I faked yall out with that, and to me while he was def abused I don’t think one summer was long enough of his larger core being suppressed to get there.

DON’T FRET there’ll consequences, just not an obscurus.

Also can I say I was startled and amused how those who routinely comment (thank you, love you all <3) seemed to switch on a dime and all wanted the Dursleys and Dobby dead after these past chapters? Because that was hilarious. But 12-year-old Harry, despite being messed up and traumatized from already killing someone sort-of-accidentally, is not a murderer at heart. Yet.

(No I did not give Harry long hair because I’ve been binging Technoblade fanart what do you mean)





Harry was laughing.

Ah… but he was also screaming.

Because this was hilarious right?

Just as it was in equal parts absolutely horrific.

Sickening, obviously.

But also hysterical in a way only someone who’d completely lost their marbles would find the edge of despair to be.

And so he was laughing a full-bellied laugh of utter hysteria, but never let it be said that he wasn’t also screaming.

Forget being locked in a dusty shed, there had to be a world outside of this dark bubble he’d been trapped in for god knows how long, and that world was going to hear him because there was no way—NO WAY—he was going to just go quietly.

He had just enough presence of mind not to take his wand to the shed, and also to slip the muggle-repelling ward stone back into his bag to negate the effects. Because while he knew he had lost it, he was also after blood.

Let them come to me.

He didn’t need a wand.

Wands were for wizards, for humans—and he just entirely gave up on the entire stupid concept of being anything but some crazed creature locked in a box that was about to go feral if someone didn’t let him out right the fuck now.

He ran and threw his tiny body with all the energy he had left at the locked doors of the shed, and the tiny latch connecting the doors gave—but the chains locking the two metal handles together did not. It was enough to cause the doors to wobble drastically though as he tossed himself at it again, feeling a sharp pain in his shoulder as he did so but he didn’t even bother caring about it.

Knowing he just didn’t have the energy for that and he’d be no better than Dobby the house elf for ramming himself into a wall again and again uselessly, he kicked at the door. He couldn’t keep his balance so he fell, but then he just sat on the ground and used both feet to kick at the door.

And he kicked, and kicked, and kicked, and kicked.

All the while shrieking as loud as he could because someone was going to hear him. He didn’t give a fuck who it was—any Durlsey would be fine, but he was almost begging a neighbor to hear. What a laugh that would be! Having a neighbor come running at the blood-curling racket going on and finding the Dursley’s delinquent nephew locked in a bloody shed.

Pride didn’t mean shit, and he didn’t care about any damn neighbors. As soon as someone opened this door to shut him up he was out of here.

He ran of out energy kicking really quickly—even his blinding fury and desperation wasn’t enough to fuel a body that hadn’t eaten in a while—but as he slumped back onto the filthy wooden floor, in just inhaled as deeply as he could and screamed at the ceiling for all it was worth.

It legitimately probably sounded like there was a feral animal locked in here, but he didn’t care.

He screamed until he ran out of air, simply panted a couple times, breathed in as much as he could, and gave it another go.

And again.

And again.

And again.

He felt his vocal chords go out, and his throat burned something awful, but he refused to stop. The broken voice made the screams sound even more inhuman though, which satisfied him in some way.

He was extremely dizzy from the lack of air as he managed his breathing poorly, but it felt good to get it out. What was it Pomfrey had said, what felt like lifetimes ago? Let your emotions run their course?

Yeah, well, here it was.

He was so dizzy and focusing on screaming so hard, that he almost didn’t notice the chains on the door rattling, and someone else shouting to compete with his shrieks. Almost.

But he did, and he cut himself in shock to realize he recognized the voice.

Vernon.

He clambered up, almost collapsing again but adrenaline now kicking in and somehow he got upright. That’s right, he could…he could…

Blessed light flooded the small room and he hadn’t counted on how badly that would hurt his eyes, but he didn’t need to see to force himself forward. He ran, and he ran hard, into the light and just making a break for it.

He didn’t make it far—but he was out, and that was a relief so intense it kind of hurt.

The air never felt so wonderful as a fresh breeze washed over his face, and it smelled like grass and gasoline, probably from someone mowing their lawn recently. How odd.

Almost as an afterthought, he realized someone was yelling near him, and he lashed out, too dazed to really care about how he couldn’t move his arms properly—was someone holding onto him?— or see straight in his first light in months, or even hear because maybe he’d blown out his own eardrums screaming. It certainly felt that way, at least.

It wasn’t until he hit the hard, yet somehow soft earth of the back yard and got a face full of bright green grass that he gathered some awareness, again the adrenaline filling in the gaps in his senses and putting things into clarity. Not the crystal clear vision he usually got when his heart started beating this fast, but awareness just enough not to be blind and deaf—which spoke to the state he was in right now.

Wait, grass?

He was so out of it, but he pressed his palms into the grass beneath him, marveling at it’s smell and it’s fantastic color.

Grass is awesome.

A hand wrapped itself around his arm and wrenched him up, and he held his breathe in panic—head snapping up and he was looking into a fully purple face of Vernon seeming to be exploding with rage.

“—dare you cause such a bloody racket first thing in the morning where any damn neighbor could hear!” he was hissing and the only thing Harry gathered from that was that it was morning. Had he been working through the night? Weird, his sense of time was so screwed. Also his eyes were seriously fucked because it seemed bright enough to be midday to him.

He was also unafraid right now, even being held up by the man who’d personally locked him in a cage not too long ago.

Also weird.

“Vernon, get inside!” He glanced and Petunia was on the back patio with her curlers in and still sporting her nightdress, a pale and disturbed looking Dudley hiding in the kitchen behind her at the scene they were making. His aunt looked drawn and her eyes were darting around nervously, clearly worried about who was hearing all of this.

“This blasted boy-!” Vernon moved, clearly going to do as commanded and drag them both inside—but it suddenly clicked with Harry that he was free.

He just needed to get out of this grip, and he’d be free.

“NO!” He bellowed as loud as he could, getting a foot up thanks to Vernon holding him but his arm to plant his foot in the man’s stomach and kick for all he was worth. It probably wasn’t that hard given the state he was in, but the man was fat and probably thought a push up was a type of bra for how fit he was. The bulbous man gasped in shock and dropped him, and Harry felt panic mixed with unwarranted hope flood him as he hit the ground and tried to run.

Tried to as he clearly wasn’t as fast as he used to be—something large and meaty hit him in the back and with enough force to launch him into the ground hard enough that he heard his wrist creak ominously, palms not quite catching him as they scraped against the earth and his arms giving out entirely. He didn’t so much as catch himself as avoid face-planting—the side of his head still made sharp impact with the ground, and suddenly his world exploded in red.

Not blood, for once. Thank god for small mercies, there was no more blood.

It was the color of blood, but also of roses and apples and Christmas.

His hair was probably a bloody mess—he’d brushed it and tried to wash it with his water bottle the best he could, but he hadn’t had a real shower in over a month now and he felt that.

Despite it all though, it had gotten long and he’d hidden it loosely under his beanie in preparation for his escape, but it’d fallen off when he hit the ground and now it was on full display to the people he’d hidden it from since the first streaks of red had started showing on his head. First his magic, now his hair.

For the second time this summer he felt entirely exposed on accident, and he braced for impact by curling onto the grass and covering his head with his arms. Not that it did a thing to hide the puddle of red flying about the back yard against the green grass, but he tried.

Vernon made an audibly shocked sound above him, and then predictably lost it.

“WHAT THE BLOODY HELL HAVE YOU DONE NOW YOU FREA-”

“VERNON.”

Harry actually startled despite previously thinking he was immune and numb to any more shocks as an unfamiliar screech actually interrupted his uncle’s shouting, and by the tone in his voice Vernon had been gearing up to go on quite a rant about people with freakish hair. Instead he’d been cut off dead by a shrill voice Harry thought he recognized, but he’d never actually heard her raise her voice like that, much less hear it so full of panic and desperation that he automatically looked up towards it.

The back yard was stunned silent for a minute as Harry stared at Petunia’s now ashen face, and Vernon stared at his wife in shock she’d actually managed to drown him out. Petunia herself… was staring at Harry with an expression he’d never seen her wear, and he frankly wasn’t sure he even knew what it meant.

Stunned muddy hazel met terrified emerald green.

There was a long… long beat of silence where everyone just stopped.

And they stared.

Vernon gathered himself first.

“Petunia what-”

“Let him go.”

What…? Did she mean…?

Harry couldn’t get his thoughts together, but Petunia’s face crumpled into something nasty and bitter and acidic and she hissed at him. “Just go!”

He didn’t need telling twice—he scrambled to his feet and bolted without looking back once. The instant he was clear of Vernon’s reach his heart started beating more freely, and a couple seconds later he was in the front yard, then the street, and then working his way up towards a larger road as fast as he could. He made it to the playground at the other end of the neighborhood before he needed to catch his breath—he wasn’t strong enough to be doing this and that was the most movement he’d done in weeks.

Still highly aware that he was still too close to the Private Drive, he tried to catch his breath by panting deeply as he walked at a more reasonable pace into the nearby woods, and kept walking. His whole body hurt from the sudden exertion, and everything he’d just gone through, but he couldn’t think because he needed to keep moving.

He knew he was a mess, he couldn’t just call the Knight Bus or walk out into muggle train station because he’d get way too many questions. He’d kept moderately clean but a month without a shower really spoke for itself, and as he looked down at his arms holding branches out of the way as he picked through the forest, he saw deep marks that would be thick bruises in no time. Particularly his wrist, which ached something terrible now that the adrenaline was wearing off.

And it was his writing hand too—that sucked.

Once deep enough into the forest that he’d at least be able to hear anyone coming, he sank down at the base of a tree and tried to think. He’d planned for this, he just had to get his thoughts in order and get there.

He also just needed to stop shaking first.

000

Harry was dead on his feet by the time he was finally safe—at least safe enough.

It sucked that it was morning when he’d managed to finally escape that damned shed; he’d calculated that pretty badly, but it was better than nothing. Better than spending a single second there longer than necessary, in fact, so he could deal with it. The unpleasant part came from increasing the length of the journey he needed to take to get away properly, but it had worked out eventually.

The easiest part had been getting to the muggle train station—he’d started by digging through his clothes and putting on a large plain grey sweatshirt that covered most of him, as well as put all his hair into a tight bun at the back of his head, covering it with a bandana to try and make himself look unmemorable. Especially with Dudley’s old pants and shoes—yes he looked like a hoodlum but he was also tiny and twelve so like… a kid dressed as a hoodlum instead of actually being a delinquent. He noted the skin on his hands was… really pale, probably not healthily so, and took out his mirror to finally get a good look at himself in full light for the first time in well over a month.

To say he needed to lie down on the forest floor for a bit was an understatement.

Still, eventually he got up (he needed to keep moving) and pushed it from his mind and just tried to pretend like he wasn’t starving and exhausted as he got to his feet once more. He’d half thought he could pull this off in Dudley’s clothes and just put some make up on to hide everything else, but now he realized there was no way to go out there and actually pretend like he was fine. As soon as any adult saw him they were going to come up and ask questions, and he could not have that.

Luckily, the back up plan worked out so flawlessly that it probably should’ve been his first plan to be honest.

It was pretty simple—an invisibility cloak and a broom worked wonders, and he was at a train station in less than a minute. He kind of wished he could go all the way to London like that, but seriously doubted he’d remain conscious on a broom that long (it was easy for him, but not effortless to fly and the last thing he wanted was his weak muscles giving out a hundred meters in the air). Instead he kept the cloak firmly on to stay out of sight and hung around the train station until the next train to London came in.

An invisible boy on a train had an easy time, which was a blessing because he was in desperate need of an easy time for once. He did buy a ticket just in case for some reason he had to take the cloak off and got questioned, but as no one even knew he was there to ask to see it and no one bumped into him on accident, he wasn’t bothered once. In fact, he took a heavy nap and woke when he was almost there, which was awesome even if it did make him feel more tired and groggy than before if that was possible.

Once in London, things got a little harder. There were a ton of people around so not getting bumped into while he was invisible was a challenge, and then trying to navigate when he had neither a map nor could he take off the cloak to ask anyone directions was a bit of an issue. He was tired as hell so walking god-knows how far to find what he was looking for didn’t seem appealing, but he really had no choice.

The only good thing, was food.

And by food, he meant the food that he stole from convenience stores, food trucks, and right off people’s plates at restaurants he passed and that no one stopped him from taking since, you know, invisibility cloak.

I take it back Dad, this thing isn’t useless it’s freaking amazing and I’m glad you passed it down.

He did feel a little bad, but also not that bad at all. He was hungry, and so far beyond caring he swiped with reckless abandon as he shoved what he could in his bag for later and munched away at hot food he swiped right off people’s plates right then and there—and it was delicious.

Not too much as only a couple bites and he felt like he was going to throw up, not having eaten enough for his stomach to be used to suddenly getting this much, but as he had a lot of time to kill he could wander and swipe as he pleased and eat as slowly as he needed to.

The issue with getting out of the shed first thing in the morning was that he needed to wait until it was later at night to get away with sneaking into a hotel. He couldn’t do it outright as even if he didn’t look like a ghoul right now, he was still a twelve year old kid and no matter how seedy the establishment, him asking to stay alone would cause questions, if not issues if they decided to call the cops. Even if he said he was just waiting on his parents or guardian to catch up, eventually he’d need to provide said guardian and that wasn’t going to happen.

So, he waited until night.

And thankfully, it was just after dark when he finally found it: a very small, really sketchy looking motel especially far on the outskirts of the city where the buildings were shorter and more suburban looking that near the center of the activity—not to mention the broken gates and graffiti said there probably weren’t too many eyes watching in this area. The person working the front desk was this greasy, overweight guy with a serious bald spot watching the TV on the desk instead of the front door, so he didn’t even notice it swing open of it’s own accord behind him, and more importantly neither did anyone out on the street. From what Harry saw there were no cameras in this place, and when he snuck around the counter to get an idea of the process they had here, he was thrilled to see a big paper calendar grid and a pin board full of keys with numbers on them, about half the hooks empty.

The calendar had several people’s handwriting on it, and luckily a couple of them had pretty bad penmanship. Double checking the guy was thoroughly distracted by his movie beside him, Harry’s invisible hand borrowed a pen to scribble in Joe Grey across three days in one of the empty rooms, approximating one of the sloppier handwritings, and then nicked the matching key.

He wasn’t sure this would work for more than three days—after two they might wonder why there was no card on file, or more like no cash paid up front since this seemed like the place to do that, but he wasn’t planning on actually sticking around that long.

Honestly, he just needed a day.

Once in the room matching the key number he’d taken, he promptly locked the door and shoved the desk chair under the door handle. He finished his precautions off by fishing out his muggle repelling ward stone and sticking it on said chair so no muggle would even come close to the door at all. None of this would stop a wizard, but frankly he wasn’t concerned about witches and wizards at this moment.

Precautions complete, then he breathed a sigh of relief.

He took neither his bag nor his shoes off as he collapsed on the bed, and was out like a light.

000

He woke, predictably, from a nightmare.

He was so over it though, and still so bone-tired from not getting any true sleep, he just sat up and took a couple minutes to breathe deeply and gather himself. He felt like shit, but… there was light coming through the curtained windows, and the room smelled a bit moldy and sweaty, but it didn’t smell like a shed so it was an absolute win on every level.

First thing he did was open the curtains, and let light wash over him. He enjoyed it for a minute… and then also enjoyed being able to tell it was morning. Mid-morning maybe?

Oh yeah, he was free now, he could actually look at a clock. Which he did, only to be confirmed he was right—it was 9:17am.

Wait—August 10th?

He did a double take and then had to grip the windowsill hard to keep the dizziness that realization hit him with from knocking him down. He’d lost… so much time. Horrifyingly enough, he probably would’ve bet money it was still July if you’d asked him five minutes ago, and if that wasn’t a sucker punch…

I never once saw sunlight in July, a terrible little voice whispered at him from a dark corner he didn’t want to turn and face.

It was damn near poetic really, the thought. If not absolutely gut-wrenchingly horrifying too.

He shook it off, needing to… he needed to…

He needed to eat, he realized, and finally took off his bag and his shoes, pulling out some of the food he’d stolen yesterday and had a joy of a time finally eating what he wanted. He still couldn’t eat that much, but he ate what he could before he started to get nauseous and then drank a ton of water, finally heading to the shower.

Which, was appropriately filthy for a seedy motel like this and there was a half-used shampoo bottle in there which under any other circumstance Harry would’ve avoided like the plague but now was not the time to be picky. It would do for now, and he’d take another shower at the earliest opportunity, which would hopefully be this afternoon.

He used all the hot water the entire place had, he was sure, because it was nearly noon when he finally emerged from the bathroom scalded and scrubbed as clean as he could get himself, and somehow he’d also avoided looking at himself in the mirror too. He knew he couldn’t avoid it forever, but just for now…

He gathered everything he had just in case, eating just a little more although he still felt a little too sick to eat much more than that, then donned the cloak one more time for another excursion now that he felt a little more human.

It was not hard to find a nearby convenience store, they seemed to be on every street corner, but it was hard find one that had makeup that wouldn’t make him look like a clown. Seriously, most of it was orange-tinted or glittery which was extremely unnerving. When he finally did track some down, he nicked it unrepentantly.

He did make note of the store name and general price of what he’d taken to tell Axeclaw about it later though, because while he stole without hesitation in his hour of need but he wasn’t that bad.

He only made one last trip back to the motel to use their bathroom, and finally faced what he’d been dreading.

The mirror.

He understood he was unreasonably vain and petty on a good day, but you know what he didn’t have to defend himself about his vain habits now of all times when it was so far outside of his realm of ‘things he could deal with’ he barely even hesitated when stealing the make up in the first place. Besides even people who were self-confident in their appearance would be hiding under an invisibility cloak if they could if they looked like this.

The best description he had was that of a ghoul. And as his seriously disturbed expression stared back at him in the mirror, it only got worse.

He’d never thought of himself as particularly tan, nor particularly pale—he’d worked outside his whole life for the Dursleys doing chores, or running around town avoiding Dudley, but since he started taking care of himself he also always wore enough sun screen to only rarely get sunburned or come close to real deep tans. He’d spent a lot of time outside doing yardwork right before his time in the shed, and gotten plenty of sun then.

All of it was gone now. He was not only pale, but pale enough that he definitely looked terminally ill and borderline grey in some places. He was sure his own disgust and uneasiness about his appearance did not help his pallor, but given that obtaining dreamless sleep potions and calming draughts was high on his list of to-dos, he didn’t expect that to change anytime soon.

He was thin. Not like lithe and delicate thin, but a slightly too boney and pointy thin. Thankfully you could barely notice it in his face despite it being definitely not as round as it used to be after all of Hogwarts’ feasts last year. It hadn’t been nearly long enough without food to make his cheekbones stick out too much, but his neck and his collarbones gave it away instantly. The shadowed dips of his collarbone in particular and the hollows of his shoulders were so unnatural they caught the eye, and it was pretty obvious what caused it. Reluctantly taking his shirt off to take a look, he also saw it on his ribs and in the dips of his hips. Luckily not that badly there—his collarbone seemed to be the biggest give away for some reason.

Still, he would not be changing in front of his roommates or quidditch teammates for the foreseeable future.

He also wasn’t thrilled to notice all the scars he’d accumulated since only a year ago. The one on his shoulder really was a thin white line, but you could still see it even standing a couple feet from the mirror like he was. The two on his face were as noticeable as ever—the one on his forehead the beacon it’d always been but the new one on his cheek not nearly as faded as Pomfrey told him it’d be. He didn’t want to call her a liar, but maybe her definition of barely visible simply did not match his. She'd already underestimated how vain he was once, after all.

The ones he wasn’t sure about were all the new ones on his hands. They were a solid pink, but seemingly to be fully healed. House elf magic seemed different than wizard magic, as Pomfrey could be more delicate when healing cuts than Dobby had been, but his understanding was that Pomfrey had taken longer. Dobby healed them with a snap, but it seemed they’d frozen as they were—gaping cuts had frozen over with a scar, so now that otherwise thin line it might’ve been even with muggle stitches was stuck as a semi- wide wedge cut from his skin since they hadn’t been treated otherwise before instantaneously healing.

Given the elf wore a filthy tea towel and seemed willing and eager to seriously damage himself for disobeying his master, Harry shouldn’t have expected he’d care one bit about appearances.

He flinched, thinking of Dobby’s masters and pushed it aside for now.

Make-up, Diagon Alley, calming draughts, then bad thoughts please.

He had more than enough practice covering his lightning bolt scar with muggle make up, but the process of applying make up to his whole face was another challenge all by itself. Skills at covering one scar did not translate to being able to apply it full-face, nor the challenge covering grey, unhealthy skin with deep circles under his eyes turned out to be. It took him far too long and a lot of wasted makeup, and he was really hoping Pomfrey lived up to her promise of teaching him glamours as soon as possible in the coming school year.

Far too long later, he was kind of presentable and compensated by brushing out his blissfully clean hair to frame his face as much as possible, letting it hang as much over him as he could, trying to distract from his actual appearance which may or may not be wearing too much make up yet still not covering everything wrong with him.

I really need to get out of the muggle world. Wizards accept stranger things without thinking twice about it, I’ll blend in better, he mused as he packed up everything after giving up with what he had so far. His clothes he figured were easy—he’d pulled out a long sleeve shirt and a blue bandana to wear around his neck that would look strange as hell in mid-August weather but you know, better than letting people see it. He could cover the grey tone with makeup, he couldn’t change the thin, too stretched skin of his neck that easily.

So before he pulled on the cloak, he fixed his hair to fall as much as it could around his face and over his neck, and then took off from the motel without glancing back.

000

It took most of the day to navigate by foot to Diagon Alley, but once he was in the general area he was able to zero right in on it. He didn’t bother with the pub, the inn, Gringotts, or any shop down the entire alley, he simply beelined for the shop towards the very southernmost end to the one with the pale blue roof according to the note Madam Pomfrey had written him. When he walked in, the young woman at the counter didn’t even look up from the magazine she was leafing through as she greeted him.

“Welcome to Killian’s Kures, let me know if you’ll be needing anything today.” She recited in a thick accent automatically as if she was conditioned to say it to the chime of the bell above the door ringing.

He didn’t even bother answering as it was clear she’d be happier if he left her to her reading, he just followed the signs on the shelves pointing him in the right direction. He was more than familiar with what these potions looked like by now so he actually spotted them from afar and went right up.

He could come back, he knew. He wasn’t leaving the alley again for a while, he could just come back when he needed more.

And… he expected to need (want?) more.

So for today he swiped three dreamless sleep potions and five calming draughts. As that was a little on the nose for what was wrong with him, he scanned the shelves for other things he though might be handy—being sure to read when their stasis charms would wear off as he hadn’t considered that before Pomfrey explained it to him at the start of summer. He settled for a couple mild pain relievers with a shelf life of six months, a couple nutrient potions he recognized as having taken in the hospital wing before, and a fever reducer. He also tossed in a couple bandages and cut-mending ointments. There, it looked like he was just re-stocking his medicine cabinet or something.

Not that it mattered, as the woman ran him up without even sparing him a glance, and immediately went back to her magazine.

000

Harry didn’t like being stared at.

He thought this was the one place no one would care—the girl at the potion store didn’t care, and he would’ve thought goblins really wouldn’t care.

He was stupid to think that though, as it occurred to him that if the wizard who owned the money they guarded died, that money would stagnate in a vault until someone came to collect it. And as Harry had no kids and no family who’d know about this (fuck the Dursleys, seriously at this point) that was probably a very serious thing.

At least that was his theory, but it really didn’t matter in the end, because the point was he was getting at was that he didn't like being stared at, and he was getting stared at pretty seriously while sitting in Gringotts across from Axeclaw, who was doing the staring.

And he had been, for about five minutes now.

He shifted uncomfortably in his seat.

Eventually…

“I see you recently bought calming draughts at Killian’s.” the goblin announced in his gravelly tone.

Harry blinked. “Uh… that updates fast, but yeah, I did. Like twenty minutes ago.”

“Did you take one?”

“Yes?”

“Take another.”

“Um… I just took-”

“Take another.”

“Can you stack potions like-”

“Yes.”

Harry couldn’t really form a response to this terse conversation, so he just pulled one out of his bag and took another one as commanded. He did feel remarkably better, although he was sure a lot of his accumulated tension was because he’d been stared at in dead silence for several long minutes.

Axeclaw really didn’t have any facial expression aside from scowling, but Harry got the impression he was satisfied with that. Maybe he just didn’t want to deal with emotional humans, which Harry could kind of empathize with.

“Fine. Contrair Alley, you said.”

“Yes, I saw apartments above the shops down there and wondered if any are open to buy or lease.” He pressed, and the goblin blinked once, before hopping off his large chair and teetering over to a bookcase where he removed a large blue tome and brought it back with him. It made a huge thud when he tossed it up onto the desk, and a minute or so of shuffling pages as he flipped to the right one, he hummed a moment as he pondered whatever was written in there.

“Hm… how urgent is this request?”

“I’d like to go there now, if possible. I’d rather not stay at the inn… or any inn.” Harry admitted.

The goblin stared at him some more… before lowing his eyes back to the page and nodding. “It’s decent property but I would not advise purchasing at this time. If the intent is to make an actual investment then it would require more research and perhaps judging the market more carefully than… as soon as possible. Since this is an urgent need I could perhaps arrange a lease for one of the smaller options; if you’re moving in today you would still have to pay the full month, and likely the rest of the year as well as a security deposit. For the inconvenience of arriving so suddenly.” He explained, and Harry had already assumed as much, though not in as many words.

It was more secure than the inn though.

“I’m okay with paying any fee to expedite it. Also, could I pay to have it warded with everything you think I’d need not to be bothered by anyone?”

Again, the goblin stared.

But he did nod. “For a fee, of course.”

Harry nodded back. “I want to do it.”

“I’ll have the paperwork settled in two or three hours; I will summon you back here to sign the appropriate pieces.” Axeclaw closed the large tomb, and pushed it aside. He pulled out a small stack of papers and slid them across the desk, to Harry’s surprise. And he startled a bit, to pick them up and see the Ministry’s seal on the top one.

“On another note, since Gringotts is managing your mail wards, we scan everything that comes in. Predictably most of it is junk or fan mail that is sent to your donation vault if you wished to see it. Anything we deemed urgent would’ve been forwarded, however things that you may have interest in that are not explicitly urgent I simply held for when you would next visit. There are two in particular I think may be of some interest.” He explained the envelopes, and Harry lifted the top one with the Ministry’s seal with numb fingers.

“From the Ministry?”

“A warning, for underage use of magic. We received one over a month ago, and another just yesterday.”

Harry felt… dizzy.

“Take another draught.” Axeclaw’s sharp tone cause him to blink out of it, and wondered when his breathing had become so labored. Oh… he’d never heard a goblin raise their voice before and it was kind of terrifying—or would be if he could process things normally. He wasn’t stupid enough to argue about it either, so he just automatically pulled one from his bag and downed it, not even noticing the taste if even there was one.

“If this were an actual cause for concern I would’ve forwarded it immediately as urgent—however these notices are system errors at best. As you are utilizing our wards, we have full access to magical signatures around them, which includes your mail ward which centers around your person. It was easy to differentiate between actual magic use and accidental magic; and while rare it does sometimes happen. It would be a simple matter to fill out the paperwork to have the warnings overturned, which I could do this afternoon.” Axeclaw explained.

For a fee, went unspoken, and frankly Harry didn’t care.

“Yes please. I don’t care about the fee.”

“Very good,” Axeclaw made a note in his journal off to the side.

“Can I ask…” The goblin lifted his head, and Harry felt stupid for asking but he had to know. “How is it… I mean the Ministry knew I used magic in any form and just sent the letter? There are no checks?”

“The ministry is using an automatic magic detecting ward provided by Gringotts. It wasn’t exactly a premium service if you understand, so it is restricted to names, locations, and any amount of magic. It is placed around the person and residence of every student whose name is on the Hogwarts roster, but all it does it register magic. In a magical household it is pointless, as it’s always on, and those cases are disregarded. In mostly muggle households it only registers magic of any type. As you are my client being accused, of course I took the step to verify if it was you who cast the magic to find out the truth—it was a mere case of accidental magic which is allowed so long as no muggles are harmed or impacted, and a house elf for some reason which doesn’t count towards your record. The ward the Ministry uses is not nearly so refined, nor mere wizards capable of reading wards like the goblins can, of course.”

The ministry paid for a cheap ward essentially just to keep an eye on muggleborns, is what I’m hearing. And that cheap ward only triggers at any magic—even if there are types of magic totally allowed given certain circumstances.

“Thank you for explaining that.” He managed to get out numbly.

He was insanely grateful he hadn’t gotten these notices while he was in the shed, because if he’d received them without Axeclaw’s logical explanation and thought he was about to be expelled for something he couldn’t control, he would’ve lost everything holding him back from going absolutely postal and blasting himself free—as well as all three of the Dursleys into unrecognizable pieces.

Huh, maybe he and his imprisoned godfather would get along after all.

He winced, thoughts of Sirius Black stinging even through three calming draughts.

Axeclaw seemed to notice, one intense yellow eye fixed on him warily.

“I believe that should conclude our business for today as I’ve much to do to arrange your new lease. I will summon you back to sign the paperwork.” The unspoken, I don’t want to deal with you while you’re like this didn’t need to be said, because Harry heard it clearly anyway.

“Thank you, Axeclaw.” He got out as he grabbed his bag, looking forward to finally having a place to rest properly.

“And Mr. Potter.” Harry turned as he was almost to the door, Axeclaw laying gnarled hands over his papers pointedly. “You seem unaware that it is easily done to have potions delivered if necessary. I would suggest you allowing me to order you an amount to be delivered to your new residence as five does not seem to be satisfactory.”

Harry stared back at him this time.

“…okay, send as many as you deem necessary to the place. I’ll be back for the paperwork.”

000

Four hours later, when Harry entered a freshly warded, sparsely furnished, one-bedroom apartment with pale grey-green walls and a veritable crate sitting in the middle of the living space floor filled with calming draughts, he started to think maybe the brutal goblin actually cared.

Maybe he still only cared about all the money sitting in his vaults, but Harry felt touched all the same.

000

It was two days later Harry finally woke up feeling like he maybe actually slept a bit. Not energized or fully awake, as he still felt groggy with a bit of headache that refused to go away, but after using up four dreamless sleep potions pretty much in a row, only bothering to be awake between doses long enough to eat something, he did feel a bit better than he had. The fully warded apartment that locked with a magical key only he and Axeclaw would ever be able to enter, the muggle repelling ward stone now on the bedside table next to him, and the comfy queen bed the place came pre-furnished with did wonders to help him finally unwind.

But best of all, when he woke up and stretched away the many hours of solid unconsciousness, he heard a clinking sound to his left that was distinctly familiar.

And when he looked out the window, he cried openly to see a very annoyed Hedwig demanding to be let in.

She was not thrilled to be hugged outright as she was a bird, but she nipped at his ears much more gently than she used to in her own form of greeting.

Harry was a solid mess and had to take another calming draught before he was able to get a hold of himself, and he was glad he did when he spotted the letter tied around Hedwig’s leg with a familiar scrawl in all capitals saying ‘HARRY ANSWER ME RIGHT NOW’ in all capitals.

He grimaced.

“Draco is probably mad, huh?” He asked his owl as he stroked her white feathers rhythmically, and the look she gave him implied that was probably a bit of an understatement. “Hedwig…”

He almost couldn’t say it. To a bird and his first companion aside from Draco who could never betray his secrets but…

“Hedwig they didn’t let me out since you left. It was the whole summer practically… it was so dark.” He all but whispered as if it were shameful, and she cooed lowly—bumping her head into his gently.

000

There were so many things he had to say, but he couldn’t think of where to even begin with it. He settled, eventually, to opening Draco’s letter.

The inside matched the outside with all capital letters telling him to open his damn journal.

Which, Harry did not immediately do. He went and took a shower, ate as much breakfast as he could, and started to empty out his bottomless bag of all his worldly possessions. He was… not thrilled with how much had incidentally been ruined by his carelessly rummaging through it with his bloody hands, but he simply sorted out what needed to be tossed and what he would keep—he half thought he’d have outgrown some of his clothes and they’d need to be replaced, but found that ultimately not necessary. He hadn’t grown tall enough in the last year to outgrow a single piece and in fact most of it was now a bit baggier than it’d once been.

He was still going to add clothes to his shopping list to prepare for the coming school year, but the realization wasn’t great.

Clothes, more parchment, this year’s textbooks… wait, I didn’t get my Hogwarts letter yet did I? Maybe it’s in the pile Axeclaw gave me—if its from Dumbledore it probably got blocked. Wait, did I add McGonagall to my mail wards? I should do that if I haven’t… I’ll need to make a list of people actually, I forgot to update those.

What else… I need another trunk, a new potions knife, new contacts for the year, hair cut obviously… new robes? I still fit in mine, but Draco will definitely tell me they’re last season, whatever that means. It’s a uniform, not sure how they could be last season.

It was easier to simply plan logically than it was to face any of the reasons for why he needed these things.

But it came down to him realizing he needed a new water bowl for Hedwig as his old one got lost somehow, not to mention fresh owl treats, but he caught himself as he was about to leave the apartment.

Planning is one thing, I shouldn’t… I need to answer Draco before I do anything else. Stop procrastinating idiot! He scolded himself sharply and forced himself to turn around and walk back to the kitchen table he’d left all his relevant papers on, Draco's letter sitting unaddressed over an eerily stained journal. He gave a sigh, grabbing a calming draught before sitting down and finally opening the journal for the first time since before he decided to cut his way from the shed. Honestly, he couldn’t quite pinpoint how many days that was, but it was over a week for sure.

Which, was probably the longest he’d gone without talking to Draco in some way since he met the boy, by several days.

He took a steadying breath, and opened the journal.

Pages and pages of it were filled with Draco’s handwriting. Predictably it started as it always had, mostly as a monologue from him as Harry was less than responsive as he had been all summer, but after about six pages of that he started asking questions. Normal things, like ‘how are you?’ or ‘what have you been doing?’. No answer from Harry, of course.

It quickly turned into rather delicate, but no less insistence that he answer him, that his silence was unnerving him. Then it quickly spiraled into demands he answer, and in less than a page he was now writing in all caps and threatening to just show up at his house if he didn’t answer soon.

Harry flinched at that, but was comforted that not even Draco would be able to have actually done that—he’d have needed his parents help to get his location from the Ministry, and while he didn’t put that past the elder Malfoys he also didn’t think they’d be happy to bend to their son’s will after only a week of being ghosted. That logic wouldn’t hold true forever though if he continued to not answer and the last thing he wanted was them showing up at Private Drive when Harry wasn’t there. He literally had no idea what would happen, but he was sure he’d hate it.

Draco’s last messages were very, very angry and demanding and Harry gave in, pulling out his quill and what ink he had left in resignation. He hated feeling this way—writing Draco used to be the highlight of his day be it while he was at the Dursleys or even in Hogwarts when there were a thousand other interesting things to preoccupy himself. It shouldn’t be a chore, he shouldn’t dread this.

He hated feeling this way, but he owed Draco something even if he wasn’t sure where to start.

Hi, Draco. Sorry I haven’t been answering.

Maybe he wasn’t even at his desk yet or had his journal near him to answer, it was mid-morning so he could be out playing quidditch again or off doing something else and it’d be a while before he answers so Harry might have some time before he—

HARRY POTTER WHERE ON EARTH HAVE YOU BEEN YOU CAN’T DO THAT TO ME WHAT’S WRONG?

Or… not. The ink flooding the page was sloshing and not nearly as neat as normal; it appeared in a definite rush and Harry sighed. He felt guilty, which really didn’t help all the other shitting emotions he had going on too.

Sorry. I’m fine though.

You didn’t answer for days and then there was blood on the journal—what the hell was that? Dobby said you cut your hand.

I did. He fixed it with a snap though.

Of course he did, I told him to, but for some reason he won’t tell me anything else and that’s pissing me off. Since when do house elves hide things!?

Harry felt ice cold, unable to respond for a couple minutes. He had the urge to snap the book shut but he knew that wasn’t fair… he needed to have at least this conversation even if he couldn’t get to anything else. Because while he had… mixed emotions about Dobby, he also was absolutely distraught over the concept that the Malfoys owned that tiny creature.

And he had heard about house elves, he knew the general concept. Even Fred and George were chill about the whole concept, and Hogwarts even had them so… this was an accepted thing, and yet that accepted thing sounded a bit too close to slavery for him. Slavery had also been an accepted thing once upon a time in most of the world, but that didn’t make it okay. The wizarding world was kind of backwards about a lot of stuff so if they were lagging even a century behind the muggle world, the chances that this was going to be sickening were pretty high.

And Harry… well, just considering it seriously overwhelmed him to the point he had to push away from the table and lean down, dry-heaving a bit as his hands got too clammy to write for a moment.

Draco owned Dobby.

He was… far too intimately aware of what feeling like a captive, a slave or a servant to someone felt like to probably ever be okay with that. The icy horror of even trying to confront it left him shaking a bit.

It’s not Draco’s fault, he tried to think it through logically, shaking hands opening his calming draught and downing it. Despite this feeling like… like betrayal in some sick way, it wasn’t Draco’s fault the same as him growing up in a dark family hadn’t been. Since they’d met he’d tried so hard to change, and Harry had sworn he’d always support Draco as he navigated the waters of going from dark to grey, and this… this was no different.

It just hit way harder than hearing Draco’s parents had once served the guy who’d made him an orphan for some reason. Maybe because the reason he’d ever been so desperate to have parents who loved him was so he didn’t have to be near the Dursleys again, to be their own personal house elf locked in their cupboard—eventually their shed. Maybe it was because he’d still had control over himself back then, and he’d literally only known Draco a day before hearing about his family’s dark nature—now they’d been friends for over a year and had literally thousands of pages written between the two of them… now learning something this drastic didn’t feel like a warning flag, it felt like flat out betrayal.

It’s not Draco’s fault. He was raised this way, he didn’t see a damn thing wrong with it. To the wizarding world there wasn’t anything wrong with it. I still don’t know enough about it besides Dobby who I don’t really like to begin with…

But even as he thought that, he couldn’t bring himself to think that he was wrong about his disgust right now either. Dobby had screwed him over, but he’d had flighty bandages wrapped around his hands and was dressed in filthy rags and seemed to want to disobey but just wasn’t able to… wasn’t able to defy without hurting himself…

The problem was, Draco had no idea what his issue was right now, and he wouldn’t unless Harry manned up and told him. Draco would not know something was wrong and it was unfair to hold it against him without even talking.

But that meant he had to talk and he wasn’t sure he knew how.

He went around in circles for several minutes trying to come up with something, sitting so long Draco responded first with a confused:

???

Harry signed, and picked up his quill once more.

Don’t punish Dobby for my bad reaction. He seemed like he wanted to help, I think, I just don’t know what about.

I guess—why did you stop writing?

He wanted to slam his head into the journal. Ask the easy questions first, eh Draco!?

He gave a heavy sigh and bit his lip as he tried to think.

Hard to explain over writing. Is Dobby okay?

The elf? He’s an odd one—my father even asked him what was up with you but he wouldn’t say, which is odd. Still he can’t disobey the Malfoy family so father isn’t worried too much about it. I just asked him to check on you since the blood freaked me out—he’s a massive screw-up though amongst all the elves so it wouldn’t shock me if he messed it up somehow. What happened exactly?

Harry’s heart ached, and he ignored Draco’s question outright.

You have other house elves?

A few, yeah. ?

Are any like Dobby? That they hurt themselves if they disobey?

Dobby is a freak of a house elf, the others are just fine doing their duties. A disobedient elf is a weird thing and so far as I know this one is the weirdest of all. He at least punishes himself without us having to do anything—house elves are meant to act one way and though he doesn’t he seems to have enough sense to course correct himself, though it’s incredibly bizarre.

So the rest truly were okay with being essentially slaves… Dobby was just unique. Harry wasn’t sure if that actually comforted him or not.

Do you ever punish him on top of what he does to himself?

On and off, but not nearly as badly as what he puts himself through. Father kicked him around when he was playing his old part as a dark-sided wizard but I don’t think he cares enough to notice what Dobby does or does not do so long as the cleaning is done. I know when I was very little I used to throw things at him, but that’s just what kids do, isn’t it?

His heart sunk, and he offered the page in front of him a dark smile. Draco was… complicated. Raised to be a terrible person, but still somehow good. He just didn’t know the difference, or why this was so bad to Harry, but it still partially, if not entirely his fault too, given he’d never once mentioned or hinted at these hang up of his.

Don’t punish him, please.

Okay?

Do you think he wants to work for the Malfoy family?

Well, house elves are house elves?? I don’t think I ever considered what they want, since it’s in their nature to serve.

Doesn’t seem to be true with Dobby, now does it?

I guess? Harry, is everything alright? You don’t write for days, there blood all over our journals, and then when you finally respond you ask a bunch of questions about my elf? The blood???? What happened?

Harry grit his teeth, but yet again did not answer.

It’s not your fault, I never explained anything to you or let you know how I was feeling about these sorts of things. It just was hard to meet Dobby and know you own him.

I’m afraid I don’t follow. Owning house elves is normal for pureblood families, isn’t it? You knew about them from your reading and Hogwarts even has them.

I knew, but it’s different knowing in your brain and then seeing with your eyes. I know it’s normal and I’m sorry for being so weird about it, but it’s just hard for me.

How?

It was such a simple question, but Harry… it made his head spin to try and confront it and he just couldn’t.

“Me and my damn pride…” He sighed to no one, Hedwig fluttering over to perch on the back of the chair opposite him and give him a questioning look. He huffed. “I know… he deserves more than this but… but I just don’t have anything to give him.” He complained, fiddling with his quill for a moment.

Eventually:

I don’t think I can explain that to you, Draco. We’re too different of people to find common ground on this matter, and I don’t want to get into it over written words. Maybe we can talk when we see each other again.

I suppose, although that doesn’t sooth my concerns.

I don’t suppose it does. Sorry.

Harry, is it something I did? With Dobby or house elves in general?

How could he possibly respond to that?

As you said, it’s normal in the wizarding world. It’s not your fault.

He bit his lip, hesitating a moment, but continuing before Draco could respond.

Maybe I just wish you could understand what I’m saying without me having to say it. And maybe I also want you to never actually understand what I’m talking about.

What? That makes no sense at all, you know that right?

My point exactly. Sorry Draco, we can talk next time I see you. Did you want to meet in Diagon to get our shopping done this week? I think maybe talking in person would be better. Easier, since clearly I’m no help over writing.

I guess so. Do not think I’m going to let the blood thing go when I see you, but I get that words are hard. I’ll write to you later? I need to check with my parents on a good day.

Harry felt a bit too much relief to sense the conversation was coming to a close. He used to love writing Draco, when had it become this? He was right—words were hard.

Sure. Thanks, Draco.

Anytime.

000

They settled on the end of the week to meet up, only a couple days away which Harry found himself actually looking forward to despite also somehow dreading his talk with Draco.

Still, finally seeing a friend beyond Hedwig would be a relief. Just so long as he actually spent some time being his friend during the visit and not just a mother hen complaining about how he’d been ignored and worried the whole summer.

That was a bit cruel though, Harry knew his Slytherin friend just cared. Didn’t make his emotions any less true.

He did find his Hogwarts letter eventually and made a list of what he’d need, but also a separate list of things he could do before Draco got there. He wanted to show Draco Contrair Alley but he wasn’t sure if the pureblood would actually be up for buying anything there, so he got those stops out of the way first. That way he could hang around if Draco wanted to shop, but he didn’t want to force Draco to hang around and let him shop if it turned out he wasn’t into it. And, given his attitude towards muggleborns and muggle things in general, while improving steadily, was still a high possibility.

His first stop was Osmias’ to check out his first investment and was happy to see the man himself both remembered him and was still doing pretty good business. He excitedly showed him all the new products he had, now having contacts that could change your eye color literally any color which was pretty cool. Harry liked his pretty distinctive green but he knew a lot of people would definitely be into it and had the thought that he should’ve told some of his muggleborn friends, or the more open-minded purebloods he knew, about this place. Blaise was just chaotic enough to not care it was an Odd Solution and just be happy to dye his eyes gold for no reason than he wanted to be dramatic as hell years before they were old enough to learn glamours or illusionment charms.

Osmias had re-run his diagnostic spells and informed him that his prescription was slightly worse than last year, and by his recollection on Potter eyes would continue to worsen until he was in his twenties, which was not great news but soothed by the fact he seemed totally confident in being able to provide contacts well up to that point. The shop owner then happily proved to be Harry’s favorite in Contrair by noticing his not-so-invisible-currently invisibility cloak and showed him one of his new colored contacts that matched it almost exactly.

It was just a slight sheen, like the glancing rainbow in an oil contaminated puddle in a parking lot as bright sun hit it dead on. He even had to hold them up to the sunlight to actually see the effect—it was subtle and hard to spot but they were sparkly in the right sunlight. Indoors you’d likely not see them at all but in the right light…

Worth it, Harry grinned as he gleefully agreed to the impulse buy.

“Glad you like them! There’s not a lot of people interested in the colors I’ve found, although people love the synesthesia glasses for some reason. I even made those as a joke!” Osmias chuckled good naturedly as he went about adding the right charms to the contacts Harry had picked out.

“Synesthesia glasses?” He wondered curiously.

“Sure, take a look.” He pulled a glasses case from his display shelf and handed it over, and inside were wide rectangular lenses with colorful pink frames. He slipped them on and blinked at the odd world he saw through it—odd colors and wait was he tasting the color blue?

“Eh!?” He startled, taking them off quickly. “What was that!?”

“Mixing senses! Taste colors or hear scents, anything you can think of,” He grinned proudly. “Not too useful but they’re fun! I was messing around with perception charms and found that out.”

“That’s so cool,” Harry blinked. “So you can enhance sense with a pair of glasses?”

“To a point, just like most of my contacts have enhanced night vision or the like. I got some fifth years asking to make a pair that’ll help increase memory retention I think for their OWLs but haven’t had any luck with that so far. If it’s related to vision, I’m your man, but then you start getting into more complicated magic about enhancing one’s mind and things get trickier. I’m down to learn but it’s not my specialty.” He chatted, finishing the contacts and beckoning Harry over to the stools that looked far more like hairdresser chairs. Since most wizards didn’t know about contacts and Harry had no practice as this was only his second time putting them in, Osmias was nice enough to put them for him in like this was a proper eye-doctor visit.

“So could you make glasses that translate different languages you’re reading?”

“I suppose, but there are candies for that already.”

“Candies?”

“Sure. Like eat a French Bubblegum Pop and for an hour after you eat it you can speak and read and generally just understand French fluently. They’re mighty handy, and probably more useful than a pair of glasses that would likely be restricted to one language, and just written word. Also people like candy, so that’s a bigger appeal if you had to choose, I’d think!”

Harry hadn’t ever heard of those candies but that was just awesome.

“What about diagnostic spells? Like, I’ve seen some of my Slytherin friends do diagnostic spells to check if their food is poisoned—even at Hogwarts. Could you make glasses that would show if something is poisoned or warded or something?”

Osmias paused in where he was about to put Harry’s last contact in, blinking in surprise.

“Hm… that’s actually a mighty fine idea! You must be a charming lad to have Slytherin friends; I don’t get many, if any pureblood customers so the need never arose. Might open a whole new market if they would actually be interested in that, at least parents for their children if the kiddies don’t know the right spells yet.” Which, was a high probability as even Draco had confessed it was hard to learn those spells prior to coming to Hogwarts—he didn’t even know all of them yet but his parents had insisted he knew at least some before leaving home.

“I think that’d be really cool. I’d definitely buy a pair and will tell my Slytherin friends. Odd Solution or not I know they’d at least be tempted.”

“Good enough for me! I’ll take a look at it then.” Osmias laughed, finishing up and leaning back to admire his work. “They look great! I think that sheen will be popular—not an overbearing color like some but still pretty snazzy. Happy?” He whipped around the hand mirror he had lying around, and Harry couldn’t immediately tell they were even there in the indoor lighting of the shop. Glancing towards the front window though towards the sunlight shining in, looking closely he saw the fine colors, and smiled.

000

He wrapped up his Contrair Alley shopping at the hairdressers, because he figured it’d put him in a good mood to finish off the day.

His hair was…

Well.

He didn’t like thinking about it, but his hair had probably saved his life.

While it was uncomfortable to think about, there was a reason Petunia had suddenly grown a back bone and just… let him go like that. Why she actually talked back to her husband (for the first time ever, Harry was fairly certain) much less cut him off mid-shout. Why she’d been so…so…

Harry couldn’t even begin to fathom what emotions she’d been working through, and honestly he hoped he never knew. It was uncomfortable enough to recognize that her seeing his hair for the first time got her to do something when she had never once ever bothered to even look at or spare a single passing care about him before.

What he hated to admit, was that he probably had surprised her. And Vernon thought it was freakish, but now that Harry knew it was his mother’s hair… he knew Petunia had seen this exact shade before. Had lived with it, had grown up with it.

And if Petunia had ever loved her sister, even a just tiny bit…

Well.

She’d let him go.

If that was the only thing Harry ever got from Petunia Dursley, he was fine with it. He had no need or want of anything else from her ever, and that old wish of hoping her bottled emotions would slowly strangle her one day seemed to bubble up tumultuously from the depths of his repressed emotions every time he remember back to that incident.

He had absolutely no intention of ever going back there, after all, and was oddly cold as he logically considered what would happen if anyone tried. It was the same coldness he felt when he realized he was going to die by Quirrell’s hand, when he realized that all those rules and morals he thought he understood suddenly didn’t seem to matter when confronted with his imminent death. What did being a good person even mean if you were just going to be dead, after all?

He was thankfully lifted sharply from his quickly darkening thoughts by squeals of delight as the same women who’d cut his hair last year spotted him entering their shop and gleefully scooped him up, eager to get their hands on his hair. They were very, very excitable (not unlike Hannah sometimes) and what he liked best was that they seemed to only have eyes for his hair—they absolutely did not care about him at all, and that was somehow nice.

At least it relaxed his shoulders as they chatted about dead ends and passed potion bottles between them to discuss.

“Any thoughts on style, sweets? It was so short last time you were here and we grew it out for you—it’s got some length now but is a bit oily and not to mention these ends need to go,” The woman who seemed to take over their project in front of them lifted the ends of his hair to show him and while he still wasn’t 100% he could spot a dead end in amongst all his other hair, he trusted her judgement.

He’d given it just enough thought to want to risk it, and if he didn’t like it it’d be easy to fix on his own so he just said it before he could chicken out.

“Can I make it long? Like really long?”

She grinned and got to work.

She washed it with an assortment of potions and spells, then dried it with a wave of her wand to began styling it, playing around here and there and asking what he preferred. He just let her do it, chiming in when he liked something or she asked, but was otherwise happy to let her work.

They were in the depths of it though when she paused for a second in her motions as if noticing something on him, titling her head a bit. His heart skipped a bit nervously as she reached out and touched his cheek gently as if wiping something off before blinking in surprise.

“Is this make-up, dear?”

He flushed a bit, realizing it was stupid to think he wouldn’t get caught. “Uh…yeah.”

Luckily, instead of doing anything he initially thought she would, she just flashed him a big grin. “Muggle makeup, yeah? My roommate had the same stuff before I rocked her world! She’s a muggleborn, and no idea why no one told her about it, but it’s much easier I’d think. Here, see this,” She walked over and picked up a metal container from a shelf full of others like it and came back to him. “Muggle make-up doesn’t change color, right?”

“Change color? No?” He blinked, immediately realizing where this was going and perking up.

“Then you’ll love this! No fuss, just pretties up the skin. Automatically glamours all types of acne and scars but it does wash off with normal water so be careful in rain. There’s a waterproof version but it’s pretty pricy,” She explained, like this wasn’t the best news ever, opening the can to show him what seemed to be just clear gel. To demonstrate she put a little on her finger and swiped it over her arm— the entire swatch seemed to fade and neutralize in one color that was perfectly her skin tone. To Harry’s surprise, freckles seemed to appear too, a couple seconds later.

The woman blinked and did a double take to the can in her hand. “Eh? Oh no this one had freckles! Ha, that’s what I get for grabbing one at random.” She rolled her eyes and popped the lid back on. “I only kinda know what muggle make up is like but my roommate says she only uses it as a base and does other stuff the muggle way still. But this way it’ll match you better—I think the kind you have on is a little too dark for you honey.”

Harry felt his face get hot, realizing he’d been walking around with off color makeup for several days. Oops.

“Thanks… I think I will take that then. I uh… I’ve got some bad acne.” He lied because for some reason he felt the need to have an excuse for this and she waved him off happily.

“No worries! Teenagers, huh? Everyone gets it bad, and worse is that’s the age you’re most self-conscious about it. Tell all your friends at school because they don’t tell you about these Odd Solutions and you don’t learn about glamours until you’re much older. If I had to walk around with my crater face at Hogwarts? Please, I would’ve died.” She ranted a bit, going back to his hair like they hadn’t been interrupted and ranting on about wizarding make up products now, which Harry was content to just listen to in mild interest.

He didn’t actually want to wear makeup, he just didn’t like walking around with scars on his face. And with the way life was going at the moment, there seemed to be no sign that people would stop disfiguring him anytime soon.





Chapter 36: Book 2 : Envy : 4




Just like last year, he felt like a whole new person after his day of pampering himself. New contacts, new hair, newly covered scars and skin tone no longer noticeably grey, and even new clothes thanks to a short excursion back to the muggle world. This new wardrobe had a lot of long sleeve shirts in it, including several thin turtlenecks as well as a dozen bandanas and scarves to wrap around his neck at least for the next couple months.

His hair was the biggest fascination to him though, and a welcome distraction if ever there was one. It was long enough to brush the small of his back and thanks to the potions they’d washed it with (seven of them to finally tamp down its wildness), straighter and sleeker than it’d ever been. He put it back in a lose braid and long pieces still slid out like silk strands that he’d tuck behind his ears, or just let them fall as it became apparent he’d need hairclips to keep it back. Not that he felt like it at the moment, but maybe when he got back to school and needed it out of his face to study or for his sports.

And speaking of sports…

He knew he needed to get back to some kind of equilibrium—Dursleys be damned he’d taken care of himself despite their interference and they’d really put him back this summer but god damn it he was going to fix this.

He worked up to eating proper meals again slowly but surely, he drank plenty of water, he took dreamless sleep potions and slept full nights. He walked up and down Diagon and Contrair Alley, only once at first before he had to stop and rest, and then several times, attempting to do limited exercises back in his apartment a couple times a day to try and build his strength back up—but it was a lot harder than he’d been thinking it’d be. No matter how hard he tried, he just seemed to be unable to breathe too quickly, and his limbs shook unsteadily far sooner than they used to doing the same exercises or even more challenging stuff.

Given the work outs Wood usually had lined up, in this state Harry feared he might legitimately might pass out rather than complete one of his captain’s regimes.

His stomach clenched at the thought that he might not be able to play quidditch or football at first when the school year started, only a bit under two weeks away now, and pushed himself to walk farther and do one more sit up just at the thought of it.

He just wasn’t sure if he’d actually be able to do it in what felt like so little time, but he had to try.

Harry did make progress though, and he felt… a bit more like he was an actual human by the time the day he was to meet up with Draco dawned. Despite his trepidation about the talk he knew the blond wanted to have, he found himself actually excited for the first time in…

Ah, positive emotions made him feel just as off-kilter as bad ones, so he wasn’t really sure. He also didn’t dwell too long on trying to remember past emotions either, as that didn’t seem to help at all.

He wasn’t sure, that is, until he spotted Draco in the crowded alley, bright colors of countless witches and wizards like a tornado of exuberant light and the Malfoys’ pure silver-white hair standing out sharply in contrast. Like Hedwig’s sleek white feathers standing out sharply in the crowd of brown barn owls over the Hogwarts breakfast tables, in this chaotic flush of colors Harry now associated with the wizarding world, somehow still Draco managed to stand out dramatically.

That morning he’d gotten up, showered, dressed his best wizard outfit so his friend’s pureblood parents didn’t hate him, done his new hair the best he could and ate a full breakfast to be prepared for the day. Before walking up to Diagon from Contrair he’d downed a calming draught just in case, and he thought maybe he could handle this.

But then he actually saw Draco and suddenly he felt like he was coming apart at the seams. Like the string holding him together had become alarmingly threadbare and all at one it was starting to give.

He was already running before he even realized what his feet were doing, and Draco didn’t really like touching people but he wasn’t exactly paying attention as he looked at something in a shop window—his mother absolutely did though as the refined Lady Malfoy visibly startled at the incoming redhead. That was all Harry got to see however, before he’d absolutely walloped Draco, tossing his arms around the blond, burying his face in his shoulder and hugging the ever living life out of him.

“Harry!” Draco eeped in shock, but automatically wrapping his arms back around him in a hug. Harry was thankful he didn’t instinctively get hexed for his moment of impulse because he knew the Slytherin was definitely more on guard for personal attacks than hugs in general.

“Hi Draco,” he managed to get out, knowing his voice was probably a bit too high in stress, but otherwise held together a lot better than he thought it’d be. “S’been a long summer.”

“It has,” the blond agreed, although Harry could tell he was kind of baffled by that seemingly random statement.

Draco was very cold. Not in emotion as he actually hugged him back and that was… nice. But cold in a temperature sort of way—his friend was very noticeably not warm as Harry hugged him tightly, but still soft. Like snow, or an echoing memory of perfectly untouched snow layered deeply across the quidditch pitch. Like a heavy exhale on a bone-chilling winter’s day that created a puff of curling fog as your breath met crisp air.

Given how much chaos Harry felt welling up inside him like a slow-motion emotional tornado, it was incredibly soothing actually. Like ice on a headache, or shade under a July sun.

After one last moment to gather himself he released the hug and stood back to offer Draco his most earnest smile, and was thankful when Draco seemed to accept it with a smile of his own. Seeming to remember his manners a bit too late, Harry looked at the Malfoy parents accompanying their son and flashed them a much more manufactured, but probably more convincing smile of politeness.

“Hello Mr. Malfoy, Mrs. Malfoy.”

Both seemed entirely blank in return, but Mr. Malfoy nodded once curtly while his wife greeted him politely. “Mr. Potter. My understanding is that you would like to shop with Draco; I have other business to attend to so we will meet again here at three.” She explained curtly, getting right to the point with no room for questions in her tone.

Harry and Draco both nodded in agreement—Harry hadn’t heard that plan before but clearly Draco hadn’t wanted to corner him in front of his parents, which he could appreciate.

He thought the reminder of what Draco wanted to talk about would make him uneasy but… suddenly he was a lot less nervous about this conversation with Draco physically in front of him now.

Oh right, this is my friend. That baby cactus he’s always been. When have I ever been afraid to talk to him? When did that start?

He drifted a bit closer to Draco side at those melancholy thoughts, like the blond was a talisman chasing them away.

“Yes Mother; see you at three,” Draco slipped away from his parents without much further ado and suddenly Harry found himself being dragged by the sleeve of his invisibility cloak through the crowd, Draco seeming to know exactly where he wanted to go first.

And since it was into a small alcove to one side of Gringotts where they could sit on the marble steps with a giant griffon statue blocking the rest of the alley from view, Harry figured he wasn’t exactly planning to actually shop first.

“I’m glad you’re in one piece Harry, but now I can tell you to your face how much of an idiot you are,” Draco ranted without preamble as he pulled them down to sit on the steps and Harry was dunked right into this confrontation. At least he didn’t beat around the bush needlessly and cause more stress working up to it. Maybe he got that from his mom. “Blood? On our journal? What?” the blond demanded immediately, and Harry winced.

“It was an accident.”

“Really?” Draco was suspicious, and Harry knew he was suspicious because he was making no efforts at all to hide his body language or the incredulousness on his face. “Harry what happened this summer? I know that you… you went through some things but then you never once talked to me. Not really, and before we left Hogwarts you promised you would. I get everyone reacts differently to stuff but that really doesn’t seem like you.”

Lying didn’t seem like him, he meant, and Harry wanted to wince at that implication. Lying did seem like something he would do, just not to Draco, and he kind of hoped no one ever knew about that reality. He kind of hoped Draco in particular never knew about it—because to his perspective Harry didn’t lie. It just… wasn’t actually true.

What could he do, but put his head down in defeat? Because Draco was right, and being forced to confront that made him feel terribly guilty. He wasn’t sure he could apologize though—he wasn’t sure he’d actually mean it.

“Maybe not but… I guess that’s just how I react then.”

“What, not talking?”

“Maybe I’m just not ready to talk, okay? It—it was a long summer.” He defended himself, though if felt kind of hollow.

Especially when Draco just looked at him with genuine confusion and concern. The more earnest it was, the worse Harry felt.

“You said that before but what does that even mean?”

He avoided the grey eyes trying so hard to understand what he was saying, pressing his lips together into a tight line.

“Draco… I don’t say this to be cruel, but there are some things about me that you will never be able to understand.”

“What is that supposed to mean!?” The blond balked in alarm.

“It means you have parents who love you, and who would protect you.” Harry snapped, something he’d almost forgotten bubbling up even though he knew it shouldn’t—not now. He hadn’t had real temper issues in months, and while the warmth that went to the very tips of his fingers as it flared back was familiar and nice as it somehow reminded him of who he used to be before all this, he also knew this wasn’t the place. Draco of all people didn’t deserve his wrath—there were plenty of people who did, but Draco was not one of them, not when he was sitting here legitimately trying to help.

It was just that… he felt kind of cornered, having answers demanded of him when he just had none to give.

And he was immediately on edge when even coming close to feeling of being cornered, the feeling of being caged making him physically sick to his stomach without warning.

But the sharp words were already out of his mouth before he stamped a lid over the flaring heat in his chest, and Draco’s ire went out instantly, like a candle being snuffed.

“What?” Draco seemed genuinely taken aback by his words, and Harry felt bad for even bringing it up.

However… it was partly true. It was only a tiny piece of why he was not mentally and emotionally ready to actually talk right now, but it was no less painfully true.

Draco was spoiled. He was loved. He had no idea people out there could harm children—well he did consciously, but not the people who were supposed to protect them. Parents and guardians… Draco was on guard against everyone because his parents had trained him to be so, but he never once actually doubted that his parents loved him and were on his side.

Part of Harry was… shamefully, jealous of that.

And it was a brutally ugly side of him that he never wanted to see the light of day, but he couldn’t say that small feeling didn’t exist, and he owed it to Draco to be honest.

So he took a breath to steady himself.

“I am an orphan who grew up with muggles who hate magic. Draco, your parents are turning their lives around just because they want to see you smile, just because they don’t want to interfere with us being friends. Your parents love you. And clearly they’ve protected you, as we’ve already been over how sheltered you are.”

The blond shifted a bit unhappily where he sat, frowning as he absorbed that. “Yeah but… I mean I don’t understand. What it is you won’t tell me and how this is supposed to relate to Dobby of all creatures? Or the blood or—or anything!”

Ha. For a Slytherin he always has been a bit oblivious. Figured that was enough of a hint, but he’s a bit slower on the uptake than I thought.

Draco was impressive because he was a Slytherin who only had ambition for no other reason than pride and self-assurance. Not desperation or envy or greed or hunger— like Harry’s own reasons and that which many of the snake house could probably trace their own ambitions to. Even being just as conniving and hungry for power and success as any of them, the one thing Draco didn’t have, was the understanding about why others might want power and success themselves. To him, everyone should want those things so it was only natural—he was born that way and any other thought process was foreign.

If Harry hadn’t been raised in a such a horrible home, if he hadn’t been beaten down and personally shown how bad things could be, he might’ve been a better Gryffindor, or even a Hufflepuff. He would’ve been so happy to just be and live and not care about tomorrow because he wanted to enjoy the moment. He wouldn’t fear not being prepared or ahead of the game because now he knew too-intimately what not being the cleverest person in the room entailed, and lived in terror at what that would mean for him.

Because he would be dead a thousand times over if he couldn’t figure out how to protect himself without anyone’s help, and so somewhere along the line he’d become far more Slytherin than any Gryffindor before him had ever been by his knowledge. Hell, the hat had put him in Gryffindor because he could then use it to achieve his goals—and if that wasn’t the very definition of a Slytherin he wasn’t sure what was.

It startled Harry to realize that while Neville was probably the truest Gryffindor he knew of, Draco was probably the absolute best example of a Slytherin. Not someone who wanted power to solve a problem they had (Draco was rich and spoiled, talented and intelligent—what problems did he actually have aside from dorm politics?), but someone born to be ambitious and to always crave more for no other reason then that he simply demanded more of his life at all times.

Neville wasn’t that brave and Draco was pretty unsubtle—at face values they didn’t live up to the stereotypes of their houses, but at their core…

To Harry it felt like pure gold and silver amongst a lot of cheap copies trying to replicate the real thing, and those flashy forgeries always overcompensated a bit. Always touted what they thought bravery and ambition meant, and everyone bought into it—until you found the real thing and suddenly found everything else a bit hollow.

Harry felt a bit hollow.

After all, he was neither a good Slytherin nor a good Gryffindor. He was somewhere in the middle which made all his bravery and ambition feel… fake. Somehow Draco and Neville still considered him a friend, but it gave him this feeling of paranoia that they might see how un-brave and un-clever he actually was, and whatever image they had in their head of who he was… he’d ruin it himself somehow.

He didn’t realize he’d been clenching and unclenching his fists in the fabric of his cloak as he struggled and failed to come up with a response to Draco’s questions with all that was racing around his head. Draco did however, and while Harry sat there in silence as he struggled, the Slytherin was staring at his hands and finally noticed something that made him inhale sharply.

Before Harry could ask, Draco had snatched one of his hands up in his own, causing him to startle a bit. The blond didn’t really like touching people, he thought, so what was—

But he froze solid, realizing Draco was staring at his now scarred hands with wide grey eyes.

“What… what happened to your hands?”

Harry swallowed, his throat tight, trying to focus on how even Draco’s hands felt cold like the August heat around them meant nothing instead of the creeping feeling of panic in his lungs. “Uh… it was an accident.”

Draco narrowed his grey eyes sharply, not buying it for a second. “All of them? Harry…” The panic won and Harry wrenched his hand free, curling them both towards his stomach defensively. “Harry.”

“Why don’t you ask Dobby?” he snapped, and it was only seeing Draco’s taken aback expression did he realize that a) the comment made no sense at all, and b) he regretted his thoughtless deflection immensely. “No… no, don’t do that. I’m sorry, I just…”

“Dobby healed your hands, right? He said you cut your hands and that was the blood on the journal.” Draco thankfully didn’t get riled, but was just trying to piece things together still. “Blood you still haven’t explained.”

Harry clenched his jaw, and… when he put it like that, he knew he had what he wanted to say. No… what he was going to say, but what he wanted would have to come on a later day.

“Draco, I’m not going to.”

“But why?”

If only I knew myself, he flexed his jaw tightly at the dark thoughts.

“Because I can’t! Because I—I’m not—” he needed to pause a second to take a calming breath. “I’m not ready and I might never be ready.”

Draco finally lost his cool and lashed out, Harry’s heart skipping a beat as a cold hand wrapped around his wrist and yanked it forward with surprising strength. Or, Harry just wasn’t as strong as he remembered being, but Draco was. Either way the blond did not let go even though Harry attempted to pull free, and he would’ve started panicking if Draco’s words didn’t freeze him solid in shock.

“And that would be fine if I weren’t terrified you did this to yourself!”

…wait, what?

Draco held up his now-relaxed hand pointedly, pale white fingers stark against the new scars over Harry’s own. And his grey eyes weren’t angry, they were… frustrated.

And worried.

And… Harry felt like a terrible, terrible friend. He just… wasn’t sure how to fix it.

Even if he told the truth, Draco would only be more frightened. He knew Draco would want to know the truth but… but for some reason it wasn’t that easy. He knew he should be, but… the harsh reality was that it wasn’t.

“Draco…what?” He asked in a small voice, although he had an awful feeling he already knew.

“I…” The blond took a deep breath of his own, sorting out his thoughts for a second and seeming to brace himself. But he showed a lot more bravery than Harry ever had by pressing forward anyway. “I know what those potions were for. I know you’re not happy with your relatives. I just… I was worried okay? You’ve been noticeably depressed all summer, even over written words, and then suddenly our pages are covered in blood?” Harry couldn’t help but wince at that, because when you put it like that he knew Draco was absolutely in the right. I mean he’d always been in the right, but this somehow made it worse. “Harry, you’re an idiot. Of course I’m worried! Don’t you dare tell me I’ve no right to be worried you absolute lunatic—you’ve been doing nothing but worrying me and being unrepentant about it!”

“…”

Harry wanted to answer, but he couldn’t. He just… couldn’t.

The words just wouldn’t come.

So he slid a bit closer where they sat beside each other on the steps and hugged his friend again, burying himself into Draco’s neck and although the Slytherin startled at the sudden change, he automatically hugged him back anyway. Thankfully they were out of sight from most of the rest of the alley, because Harry wasn’t going to let go so quickly this time.

And that soothing coolness seemed to do wonders as Harry tried, really tried, to force himself to say something.

Anything. He deserves something.

“…I’m…m’sorry for… for worrying you. I didn’t do it myself, it really was an accident. I promise.” He got out weakly, and he felt Draco’s shoulders slump a bit. Not quite in relief, but more like he was resigning himself.

“…all of them?” He grumbled doubtfully, and Harry felt his disbelief personally through the humming in his chest.

“Yeah, all of them. I was doing something… a project, and I… I kept slipping and cutting myself, I guess? And I’m the stubborn idiot who refused to stop or… or ask for help and I kept going. And I cut myself… a lot. Not because I wanted to cut myself but because I kept slipping and… and not caring that I was hurting myself.” He winced, free to do so into Draco’s shoulder so the blond wouldn’t see. “I was looking for bandages in my bag and must’ve touched the journal by accident.”

Thankfully that wasn’t even a lie to admit, which was the only relief of this whole conversation.

For Draco’s part, he was silent a long minute as they just existed for a moment, before the arms around him got noticeably tighter, if only slightly. “Not caring you were hurting yourself doesn’t exactly comfort me, you know. Why wouldn’t you stop? Or—or ask for help? My help?”

Ha.

Harry felt tears prick at the corner of his eyes, thankfully losing them immediately into Draco’s robes.

“I really wish I could tell you. I… I don’t know. I d-don’t know why I didn’t ask, and why I can’t… talk. I don’t know.”

And he really, really hoped that didn’t sound as broken as he felt to admit it.

“Harry… you know you can ask me for help, right? All the house rivalry stuff aside… I’d blow all my politics out of the water if you really needed help, you know that right?”

“Yeah,” Harry gave a breath that might’ve been a wet laugh, if not for it lacking all the joyful emotions that should’ve been behind it. But it felt… calming, to know Draco really was telling the truth about that. That he would do that for him. It was… a relief, in some ways, that assurance. Like a safety net Harry hadn’t even realized he’d been depending on for… who knows how long at this point. “Yeah, I know. I’ve known this whole summer if I’d just asked… just a word in our journal and you would’ve come and tried to help. I knew. It…it meant a lot, just knowing that.”

“But…”

“No, I still didn’t ask. And I… I should’ve.” He winced again. “I just couldn’t.”

Draco gave a long suffering sigh and Harry let him have it. He was owed that much at least. He was owed more honestly, but that would have to be paid back another day… for today, Harry could let his friend be frustrated with him, because reasonably he had every right to be.

“If you ever find a reason, you have to tell me. Because I want to understand this.” His voice was certainly frustrated enough for it. “Why you feel like you didn’t want my help.”

Harry finally let him go to push back and meet his grey eyes pointedly, because this deserved to be said to his face. “It’s not like that, I swear! It’s not that I didn’t want or… or even maybe need your help.” He tried to explain, faltering when he realized there really was nowhere to go with that.

“Then—” Draco cut himself off and gave another dramatic sigh. “No, it’ll do no good to just keep asking why. Clearly I don’t understand, but you have to promise to tell me if you ever figure it out.” He demanded, almost briskly even. The worry in his eyes seemed to have lessened, and Harry felt better realizing they were… kind of regaining normalcy. That conversation wasn’t… so rough—maybe because Draco really wasn’t pushing that hard. He clearly wanted to, but Harry was relieved to the point of pain he seemed done for now.

He nodded deeply and eagerly, giving into the blond’s demands more easily than he ever had before.

“Alright. I can do that.” He promised, and be it Draco seeing how eager he was to move on from this for a moment or not, he scoffed loudly—but his eyes glinted a bit.

“You troublesome Gryffindor.” He teased, and Harry felt himself smile.

It felt nice.

“Hey!” he defended himself with a weak laugh that didn’t really seem to fill his lungs all the way, but that echo of cold snow came back as Draco leaned into his side pointedly. And the scars on his hands didn’t actually hurt—they hadn’t since Dobby snapped his fingers and fixed them—but Draco’s cold hands over his own felt like a relief he hadn’t even realized he was searching for.

(For some reason the cold felt familiar, but he couldn’t begin to explain how.)

That feeling of normal and comfortable between the two of them flickered back to life like a candle struggling desperately to keep its flame, but Harry treasured it. He treasured it deeply as he pushed down the fear of talking to Draco that he’d felt only that morning to hopefully wither and die where it’d never, ever come back.

000

The clues had always been there. Since that very first day just over a year ago when they lost sight of Draco for five minutes and found him again with a red-headed omen on his arm, Lucius and Narcissa had always known. The thing was, they were Slytherins and this was so common in their world that even the flicker of sadness they felt at that morbid fact had long since disappeared to time and was now buried beneath the ice-cold granite they kept firmly over their souls.

It was why they were meant for each other. Stone-like Slytherins with poison in their veins and venom in their smiles, who cherished their child above all and before life itself. Where would you ever find such a weird combination? That was why even when they were still in Hogwarts they’d always known they were the match destined to be—the ones that would conquer the world.

Their ideals lined up perfectly, their combined fortunes were untouchable, and there was no one as wicked or as cunning or as devious a partner to play with and against as each other. Their marriage had been business to the core, and neither of them were actually romantically “in love”, but both of them had been extremely pleased with the union even if they weren’t passionate like the common masses thought the perfect lovey-dovey couple should be.

They were a perfect couple.

They were not in love.

A lot of people found that all but impossible to understand (if an outsider ever dared give their relationship much thought, that is) but it had always been this way to Lucious Malfoy and Narcissa Black, and since that day they reached their mutual agreement while both still students they had always remained on the same page. They knew exactly what each other would do in any given situation, because to be successful you had to know both your allies and your enemy better than you knew yourself, and on any given day they could easily be each other’s ally or enemy. That was what made it so interesting.

A year ago, when they’d met a young Harry Potter leaning on their son and grinning at his new friend happily, they’d suspected. Approximately two minutes later after Hagrid had intruded and given the boy his arctic owl, they’d known.

The evidence?

Hagrid, the Dumbledore-brainwashed pawn that he was, would not call the child’s relatives ‘nasty muggles’ if he did not very much mean it and they truly were nasty people not just outside of prejudice. If anything, Hagrid was prejudiced in favor of muggles thanks to who he took orders from, so the deviation was notable.





Harry Potter, one of the most famous people (much less child) in the wizarding world had been alone with only a Hogwarts guide on his first trip to Diagon Alley. No parents or guardians in sight.





That Hogwarts guide had been Hagrid of all people instead of McGonagall who historically did most of the muggleborn introductions, so that simply reeked of Dumbledore’s grubby old hands plotting something. They were both fully aware of just how poorly the headmaster’s pawns could be treated—look at Narcissa’s foolhardy Gryffindor cousin for all the example you’d ever need, but rest assured there were many more.





The boy was so small and thin they’d both initially hoped he was just a younger Hogwarts-prospect who’d been named in honor of the Boy Who Lived, and not the menace himself.





The boy confessed himself he’d never had ice cream or gotten a present on his birthday before and seemed genuinely overwhelmed to be confronted with a gift.



There were of course other clues throughout the year as Draco was not that good at hiding things from them and he had a bad habit of rambling when he was writing letters home, but that evidence had all occurred within the first five minutes and allowed them to put together the pieces.

Harry Potter’s homelife was likely abusive. Which, would rock the worlds of a lot of people could they possibly be smart enough to actually pay attention to what was so obvious in front of them, but Lucius and Narcissa were Slytherins and, let’s be honest, most of Slytherin house did not have great homelives, ever.

Why, pray tell, was it so weird that they cherished their son after all? It was odd for a Slytherin to put anyone above themselves, including their own brood, but they’d always known they were a tad special.

Abuse bred abuse. People they’d known as children who came home from breaks hiding bruises under glamours were now adults that had thin and jumpy children of their own. The worst bullies at Hogwarts knew the nastiest spells because they’d felt it firsthand from a trusted source, and they continued the tradition by teaching their own offspring similarly. Severus used to come back to school with actively bleeding wounds and broken bones, spending the first couple days of term with Madam Pomfrey without fail, and had grown to be a teacher hell-bent on changing the broken circle of Slytherin families breaking each other. But he was one of the very few rare souls who broke the cycle themselves; most simply caved to it and repeated their parents’ mistakes for both ease and the manipulative aspect of it all.

And if ever there was a reason beyond mere politics and convenience Lucius would admit to keeping his relationship with the young potions master in pristine condition, that would be it. Because while they felt no remorse in keeping to themselves to focus on their own priorities, they did admire that Severus’ entire ambition seemed to be to protect his children.

(Another key reason he was perfect to be Draco’s godfather.)

They did not feel the need to interfere with every abused child they happened across, because they’d need a journal just to keep them all straight honestly, and they had neither the interest nor the time for that kind of thing. Just because they knew within minutes upon meeting him that the boy was abused at home, did not incite sympathy or cause them any concern. Their actions after that introduction of the boy into their lives had been to move to accommodate Draco’s position, that was it.

Draco’s life would be different from their own. Lucius and Narcissa’s parents had been no better than most others after all, and despite Harry Potter now knowing the cruciatus curse a little earlier in life than they had, it wasn’t by much. They didn’t pity the boy like they wouldn’t pity any other Slytherin they knew—like they most certainly didn’t pity themselves. Their upbringing had crafted them into who they were, and they were good snakes who knew exactly what they wanted out of their lives and for the life of their child. Harry Potter’s upbringing would craft him into who he was, and it wasn’t exactly their habit to go judging people for that, or worse interfering if it wasn’t for their benefit.

Manipulating people into changing if who they were was inconvenient, however?

Without question.

But they were not in the practice of wondering why someone was they way that they were, and more in the business of simply understanding so that they may be used effectively at a later time. You are either manipulating people as pawns, or you yourself were the pawn, after all. So while they didn’t know the details, that Harry Potter had a background more similar of that to a Slytherin than their own son had actually been a mild comfort for the past year—they could at least understand that about the intrusive dragon in their plans, and move to counter accordingly on ground they were more than familiar with.

Now though, things had changed slightly.

And it was only slightly, but it was enough to possibly warrant their involvement, if a mutually beneficial arrangement could be made, and as they watched the two boys slip out of their hiding spot in front of Gringotts to actually begin their shopping, Narcissa toyed with a few ideas that might just bear some fruit.

Of course they’d very subtly eavesdropped on that conversation—they would not be Slytherin parents if they didn’t— but it really told them nothing they didn’t already know or suspect. Having some things confirmed for certain was nice, but it only meant they really should be doing something about this now, and as they exchanged blank looks with one another, it was clear they were on the same page.

As always.

Now, it wasn’t just the matter of understanding the boy, but it was also for Draco’s continued sanity that this child be removed from his current situation. They’d both noted their son’s many sleepless nights, and they too had seen the journal and made the same assumptions Draco had. If the boy died young, especially by his own hand, Draco would never recover from that. They had assumed the boy would continue on and at least survive the abuse as was common, no matter what else may happen, but the drastic drop in weight that was clear from only a couple months ago and every line of his body language clinging to Draco for dear life when they’d met up just now, proved they’d probably overestimated this eleven-year-old’s capabilities.

(It also reminded Lucius to punish Dobby for being an idiot because the boy’s hands on Draco’s back where he’d hugged their son were scarred deeply—the elf could not be that stupid as to heal the boy and leave him disfigured like that. It was well within a house elf’s abilities to remove most traces of injury in something simple like a cut, no matter how deep they evidently were. Seriously what on earth was wrong with that thing…)

In any case, it suddenly this went from being something they were simply aware of, to a potential threat to Draco they would need to address before it got any worse. They boy had Slytherin-like qualities, but clearly he wasn’t actually cut from the exact same cloth and he was not handling it like they’d anticipated. An error on their part, but one that was likely not too late to rectify with some careful thought.

Besides, getting him out from under Dumbledore’s care would be a lovely bonus if they played their cards right.

You see, it was always a concern, noting how blatantly Dumbledore was trying to pin the Potter child under his thumb. Sending Hagrid as his guide was in no way subtle, but only really a Slytherin would notice, and prior to befriending a Malfoy, no Slytherin would actually care.

No duh Harry Potter would be the Light champion and Dumbledore’s little play thing. He really was just a child with a big, frankly unearned reputation that most of the wizarding world would fall beneath, and if there was one thing Dumbledore didn’t like, it was competition. So it was painfully obvious that Potter, a reasonably normal eleven-year-old, would fall under the headmaster’s manipulations and that was that. No Slytherin thought that wasn’t going to happen and also it changed nothing as Harry Potter was always going to be an enemy in one way or another. If he was working independently or under Dumbledore, who cares? In fact, it was almost preferred he was under Dumbledore’s thumb as the old coot was a known enemy, and Slytherins loved a known enemy far more than any unknown entity.

But then Harry Potter had actually arrived in the wizarding world and befriended a Malfoy, and suddenly that was not so obvious at all.

They were still concerned, because Dumbledore was not an enemy to face on a whim, and they’d known in the first five minutes of meeting the boy that the headmaster wanted him as a pawn, and if they got involved it’d be open season on Slytherins for a while. They could probably handle it, but during Draco’s first year at Hogwarts? Even with Severus there to protect him, there were still so many ways the headmaster of the school could make Draco’s introduction to Hogwarts hell, and the old bastard was more than willing to use children against his enemies.

He’d done it before, and it left a bitter taste in Narcissa’s mouth in particular as it’d been her family who’d suffered the most for his damned light-sided machinations.

Now though, thanks to both Draco’s work and the surprise ploy Potter himself had done, their positions at Hogwarts were reasonably safe for now. That combined with Severus working to protect him, even if Dumbledore did get wind that they were involved with something working directly against his own plans, Draco would likely still be safe. They were still going to be as subtle about it as possible to minimize the risk, but the risk was inherently lower now compared to a year ago as if they’d been waiting for the right moment to strike and now was the time to do so.

Now, they had the opportunity to get involved and that slight concern over Dumbledore’s involvement could actually be dealt with. They had a chance and now an increased motivation compared to last year to do so.

They’d never been pleased with the idea that their son was getting close to Harry Potter, however that wasn’t something they could change (they had no wish to disappoint their son in that way) but while they were fixing this issue of the boy’s abusive relatives, they could perhaps kill two birds with one stone and also fix the matter of their son getting close to a Dumbledore pawn. The boy’s reputation was one thing to contend with, but if he weren’t being manipulated by Dumbledore then he could be manipulated by them.

Which sounded worse than it was—they simply wished for the boy to never cause their son’s smile to disappear, which he should be on board with.

Or else.

In any case, the question now became what to do about it—how to ensure he did not die young and how to ensure he was not going to end up a Dumbledore pawn. The boy (Harry, perhaps they should begin to reference him as seeing how involved they were planning to become—and Gryffindors preferred first names on the most part for some reason) clearly had a rough summer with his muggle relatives. He was unnaturally thin, and despite hiding it well still had circles beneath his eyes. If they knew anything, which they did, he was likely alone right now and having gotten free of his relatives was not going to go back to them for the rest of this summer if he had any sense at all. If he did scamper back to his abusers of his own free will, he was beyond their help, frankly.

If he was alone, the thinness around his face meant he had not seen a healer and likely did not know how to go about doing so—or perhaps wasn’t willing. Either way the first thing they’d need to do was get some nutrition potions into him; perhaps a tip to Severus to give him a detention delivering potions to the hospital wing would do it—Pomfrey would see his poor health a mile away and that would take care of that at least. No matter her affiliations she was a good healer.

Barring nothing dramatic happening, he would be fine while at Hogwarts if he kept close to Draco and the other Slytherins, and now that he was in their good graces it wasn’t likely Dumbledore would make too much progress in making him a pawn—most of the headmaster’s people were in Gryffindor, after all. They could order Draco to keep him close which he likely wasn’t going to argue too much about, and they could probably coordinate similar orders with other families. The Zabini and Greengrass families would simply be a matter of business in exchange for that small favor, and a couple others owed a small favor here and there—thankfully with the boys’ (Harry’s) position within the snake house not as abysmal as it once was, that part would likely go pretty smoothly actually.

Lucius would have to meet with Severus and explain in depth about why he needed to not give the boy detention until he graduated if he caught him in the Slytherin common room this year, and that would be a troublesome confrontation, but they did have two weeks before the start of term to get to work on it that particular battle.

The real question would be what to do once the school year ended. The boy, to be totally free of Dumbledore’s manipulations, would need to be removed from his current situation and placed with a neutral party or at least a party that wouldn’t cave to what the old man wanted. Clearly he wanted the boy to be meek and abused—prime pawn material—so not with abusive guardians for one. That would also probably make Draco happy too, and if it ever came to light that they’d helped save the boy from a terrible circumstance, probably win them a lot of points in their son’s eyes which they wouldn’t be too upset about.

So, not Dumbledore, not one of Dumbledore’s pawns, and not someone abusive that would only feed into Dumbledore’s overall plan. It also had to be someone Harry himself would willingly go to, someone that would willing take him at that, and someone who would let the boy be himself to make his own choices—choices that would hopefully involve keeping Draco happy in some aspect, that is. And on that note they couldn’t be a guardian that would be outright against Slytherins and interfere with the two boys relationship, of course—they weren’t going anywhere so it’d have to be someone not outright against the Malfoy name in particular, or who wouldn’t immediately keep them at arm’s length out of suspicion they were plotting something.

Which, they were, but someone not primed to try and outmaneuver or work against them like a fellow snake absolutely would try to do simply for the pride of it all, would be optimal. So… snake-like, but not actually a snake themselves.

To be honest, it was a difficult conundrum and no immediate answer presented itself. They would need to think of a solution quickly though, as it might take all year to arrange it so that Harry could go to a new home by the time the school term ended and do it subtly enough that Dumbledore wouldn’t immediately know they were behind it. As they didn’t know who they were going to pick, they didn’t know how long it’d take to craft a plan and put it to action.

Narcissa had an idea though… a rather bad one, she admitted, but one that she’d been thinking about for over a decade at this point. And if Lucius agreed to it, they were going to need every spare second they could get to do it before next June.

Still, this was a discussion for home, not while they were walking calmly down Diagon Alley where anyone could overhear them, so they simply looped arms and continued their walk, discussing potential things to buy and where best to buy them while they let their son finish his shopping trip.

000

“Oh no.”

Harry looked up, not sure what Draco looked so unhappy about as they rounded a corner in a rather crowded Flourish & Blotts.

“What’s wrong?”

“What was that bookstore in the other alley called again?”

The redhead blinked, taken a bit off guard at the sudden question. He had actually managed to get Draco down into Contrair Alley but as he’d expected Draco was… kind of interested but also not about to buy anything there. He’d let himself be dragged up and down it, Harry pointing out the Odd Solutions he thought were cool, and even had a very brief conversation with Osmias about those poison-detecting glasses which Draco admitted were probably a good investment for Slytherin families with young children, but they hadn’t stayed long. The Slytherin side of him was probably still too hyperaware of who might see him down there and Harry had already figured that would likely be the case so they’d spent only a short amount of time to see it before heading back up to Diagon to actually get some shopping done.

And shopping with Draco was actually a lot more fun, compared to last year where he’d shopped on his own following the advice he’d been given via letters. Now that he actually had a year of magical education under his belt to know generally what he needed and Draco beside him to discuss the pros and cons of some things versus others, the process was a lot more enjoyable, like they were actually hanging out instead of doing errands.

The casual atmosphere they’d slowly been regaining after a tense morning and a slightly less tense lunch together, seemed to disappear suddenly as Draco clammed up. Him asking about a bookstore in the alley he hadn’t wanted to visit in the first place set Harry’s alarm bells off, too.

“Bethany’s Books, but you didn’t want to go in. What’s wrong Draco?”

“Just hide,” He huffed, pulling them behind the nearest bookshelf and peering through the tomes which Harry dutifully copied even though he had no idea why. “Remember I was telling you about that dud of a DADA teacher Dumbledore was rumored to have hired?”

Harry blinked, the words ringing a bell but not quite being able to recall specifically. He’d been distracted at the time, sue him.

“Uh, I think? The one you said was a fake.”

“Yep.” The blond scowled unhappily, and pointed between the rows of books. “That would be him.”

Curious, Harry peered between the books to get a glimpse himself and realized the store wasn’t just crowded with kids getting their school texts, but with a lot of witches of all ages who seemed to be clustered around a man with a small mountain of books displayed behind him. With his brand new contacts he could even make out the titles, and realized those were their Defense textbooks for this year. They were… all very sparkly with gold and silver accents making them like shelf pieces rather than textbooks.

The center of all the commotion was a man with a rather impressive head of golden hair he obviously had some magical hair products Harry himself was familiar with in, and a mega-watt smile that gave you this odd urge to blink if you looked directly at. He was loudly talking to the tittering witches and signing copies—of their textbooks?

“Is he… signing textbooks?”

“They’re not actually textbooks, not really. They’re his autobiographies of sorts, tales of his adventures if you actually believe any of it happened. Which, according to my father, most likely did not.”

Harry frowned, but after reading enough Transfiguration texts over the year and his bank statements every month telling him how much money in royalties he was making off people having publish books about him without ever having met him, he knew for a fact the wizarding world didn’t care about truth in the things they read. Hell, even just the things he’d heard people talk about having read from the Daily Prophet—which was one of their only newspapers—was all trashy gossip at best, slanderous libel at worst.

The books could say anything, and so long as it was interesting people would buy them. It didn’t matter if a single word in it was true.

Which was a foreboding sign for a guy who was supposed to be their teacher this year and essentially got a bunch of free sales by forcing his students to buy his books.

Harry might’ve given him a pass if he were doing it for conniving purposes, like a Slytherin would to get ahead—to each their own ambition after all. However the sheer distaste on Draco’s face meant he probably wasn’t doing it for reasons a Slytherin would actually approve of.

“So uh… why are we hiding?” He wondered aloud.

Draco blinked and the tips of his ears turned pink. “Uh… actually my mother said to avoid him if we could. I think she knew he’d be here and she said if he saw you he’d make a scene.”

“Wait what?” Harry blinked, both startled at the amount of information Lady Malfoy somehow had access to, and also that she’d care enough to preemptively warn her son about it. If he knew anything about how they loved to spoil their son, Harry suspected it was mainly for Draco’s benefit instead of his own, but wasn’t quite sure how the two connected.

“Father calls him a glory hound. I’m pretty sure Mother knows something else but she wouldn’t say specifics.” Draco explained, and that pretty much solidified that the elder Malfoys were plotting something but Harry was all about avoiding making a scene.

He’d mentally called Ron Weasley a glory hound in his head for months after all, so he could probably imagine what kind of scene it’d be, and given the crowd of women in the tiny shop right now… yeah, no thanks.

“Did you actually want to go back to Bethany’s or do you just want to get books another day? Did you have any other summer plans or could we meet up another day to talk books specifically?” He proposed and Draco perked up at that idea.

“I like that idea better—let’s get out of here.” He agreed, and Harry made to stand up when he suddenly focused on the book he was hiding behind instead of the scene beyond them, and blinked.

“Woah, what’s this?”

“Hm?” Draco was already halfway gone before he needed to stop.

Harry picked up the book on the shelf and blinked. “The Party Trick Transfiguration Guide? They have joke books like this?” He immediately opened it and perked up in interest that the first spell was showing how to conjure flowers on the tip of your wand. That was a muggle trick he thought, and also going by the equation beneath the wand movement diagram totally within his capabilities right then—also, it wasn’t a joke book!? “Oh my god this is awesome, I absolutely need it,”

“Harry, get it later! Let’s go,” Draco tried to come back to take it from him but he just clutched it to his chest.

“Draco you don’t understand!”

“I will buy you all the Transfiguration books you want later.”

“But-!” how could he explain that this seemed genuinely fun? It was so stupidly lighthearted he was struck with surprise that he was actually in the mood for something silly like this but also sincerely wanted something so… senselessly easy to enjoy for one moment. Something simple.

“How were you planning to get it without anyone seeing?” Draco demanded impatiently.

“It’ll take two seconds, please?” He begged playfully.

“Oh my god we’re going to get caught!”

“Then watch my back for two seconds!” he was darting around the bookshelf before Draco could even fully form his protest, but followed suit anyway.

He ran up to the purchase desk which was thankfully empty and slipped a couple galleons from his pockets although he guessed a book like this wouldn’t cost nearly so much—the clerk just smiled politely at him and picked the book up to check the price.

Like the universe was just waiting for it though, he heard Draco make a small sound of horror behind him.

“Harry Potter? The Harry Potter? My boy, how excellent it is to meet you!” A loud voice interrupted him and the girl behind the register looked over his shoulder and flushed a bit.

Harry turned, and saw Draco looking equally as horrified by the man walking up to them—blond hair and too-big smile completely disregarding the many people he was walking through and the fact he’d interrupted him as he approached.

In seconds he was all but on them— “My name’s Gilderoy Lockhart, my boy! Tommy come take a picture of us, I’d reckon together we’d make the front page!” He was talking mostly to the crowd around them and it was with a bleated sort of terror Harry realized there was a stout man with a huge camera trailing after the celebrity author who lifted the device the same moment an arm plopped around his shoulders with surprising force and almost caused him to stumble.

“Wait what?” he said cleverly shocked and instantly short-circuiting from being manhandled.

Thankfully, while he was so taken off guard he might’ve let it happen only to immediately regret it probably, Draco didn’t hesitate and lunged forward to interfere.

“Free signed copies!?” He exclaimed loud enough that pretty much the whole store heard him—and in exactly two seconds they could heard nothing through the din of women all shouting at each other and clambering to get someplace that didn’t actually exist, the man with the camera getting jostled hard and although the flash went off Harry seriously doubted he’d actually gotten anything good.

In fact, Harry was so shocked and confused by the sudden chaos he jumped a bit as a cold hand wrapped around his wrist and pulled him from a too-loud bookstore into the open light of an equally, if not much more regulated chaos of Diagon Alley’s street.

“What?” he balked, his head spinning. He snapped his neck towards Draco who was looking pissy as ever at people in general but his cheeks were a dusty pink from embarrassment at that too. “Draco what? That was...pff—!” he couldn’t help it, laughter bubbled up into his chest before he could stop it.

“It’s not that funny.” The blond pouted, kicking the street while his cheeks turned a bit darker.

Harry burst out laughing. “Oh my god! That was brilliant! That was—” He couldn’t talk for a few seconds as bursts of laughter seemed to attack him. “You—that was almost Gryffindor-ish—what the hell!? You— you just—ha!”

It felt so good to laugh.

And it was so legitimately funny, seeing Draco’s instinct work quicker than his logic for once, and it was bloody hilarious.

Draco disagreed with a sheepish scowl. “It’s not that funny!”

“You’ve been hanging out with Dean too much!” Harry laughed in his face, and the Slytherin’s temple twitched.

“I have not!”

“You wanna tell me that Blaise would’ve done that?” He challenged and Draco was brought up short before tossing his hands in the air.

“Well maybe? Who the bloody hell knows what that pompous loon would do!”

Harry couldn’t handle it and dissolved into fits of giggles because Draco wasn’t wrong exactly, you couldn’t actually predict the Zabini heir, but he just could not imagine Blaise actually doing something so random but in trying to form the mental picture he just lost it again.

And maybe Draco was right, and neither Dean nor Blaise would do something like that—maybe it was just something Draco would do, and Harry just found he loved his friend all the more for it.

A Slytherin, who was cold when it counted but was hands down ready to instigate chaos apparently.

Harry only shut up when Draco groaned in annoyance and pressed a book into his arms and he had to do a double take to realize it was his joke book. “Are you happy now?”

“Draco did you steal this!?”

“Like hell!” He snapped, then colored a bit. “I might’ve nicked it but we’re going back another day, I’ll pay them then. Let’s just say it’s an unofficial tab.”

Harry grinned and clutched it tighter to his chest, mind flashing to the spell he’d just seen and pulled out his wand. Draco watched him warily as he made a simple motion directly in his face—

“Orchideous,” He said clearly and a plume of purple and white flowers of many sorts—many that didn’t even come in purple or white—bloomed into existence, causing the Slytherin to blink widely. “Thank you Draco,” He smiled genuinely, and the blond sighed a very put-upon sigh as he took the flowers pointedly.

“Did you really just learn that spell?”

“I like Transfiguration.”

“So I noticed.” Draco rolled his eye and pulled him farther down the alley to get clear of the bookstore chaos. “We only have an hour left and if we’re going to finish shopping another day let’s just get ice cream. And also avoid that bloody milksop while he’s still in Diagon.” He complained promptly.

Harry just grinned and went along for the ride, feeling a distinct relief in how light he suddenly was.





Chapter 37: Book 2 : Envy : 5




It was later that night that Draco got a sinking feeling in his stomach as his Mother glanced up from over their dinner to give him a look he was more than familiar with. It was a ‘you will do as you’re told right now’ thing that she only got on when she knew he wouldn’t be happy with what she had to say.

It’d been the best day of the summer so far, given the rest of it was so dull and boring just writing a seemingly one-sided monologue into his enchanted journal when he could, and spending the rest of it practicing his heart out to be able to make the quidditch team this coming term. Shocking as it was to say, even he could sometimes get tired of quidditch when it was just him practicing alone for days on end—not even his Slytherin “friends” were much of a distraction as Blaise had gone to Italy for family business and Nott had flat out rejected hanging out with him, which didn’t exactly shock anyone (he was slightly abashed he was even stupid enough to bother asking to be honest). He’d gotten his homework done pretty early at his mother’s orders and continued being tutored in his areas of study here and there so to get a leg up for the coming year, but it wasn’t that interesting and also took a lot less time than actually attending school.

He thought maybe he could’ve convinced Harry to visit several times over the break but clearly that hadn’t worked out. Not only had the redhead barely responded to their journals, but every time Draco tried to steer the conversation (or what little there was of one) in the direction of implying an invitation, he’d been shut down pretty swiftly. He knew Harry’s relatives didn’t like magic and he was actually hiding the fact he was writing to him at all from his family, so he got the message pretty quickly that his guardians wouldn’t let him go even if he had officially invited him.

But since most of his summer plans had been centered around Harry, this summer he’d been very, very bored.

And worried.

There was only so much worrying you could do alone though, and it’d eaten at him all break until he finally set eyes on Harry to see he wasn’t dying in a puddle somewhere, but even though some of his fears were soothed it wasn’t nearly as fixed as he thought it’d be. He just… wasn’t sure how things were actually broken or how to go about fixing this thing that he couldn’t put a finger on in the first place. Given his parents utter lack of commentary on meeting Harry earlier that day, he knew they were up to something as well but probably had way more awareness of the situation than him which was kind of annoying.

But… well, he had no plan for how to fix this, so he was willing to hear what they were up to first.

“Any particular plans for this school year, dear?” His mother asked blankly in that way of hers she had when she was almost blatantly being nonchalant. He admitted growing up he was a rather… gullible child, so she’d taken to being almost obvious in how casual she spoke as if to point out how suspicious it was and remind him to read between the lines.

He’d only been twelve a couple months at this point, but the tone still irritated him. He wasn’t stupid enough to think he’d always been that good at picking up social clues, but he wasn’t seven anymore, thanks Mother.

“Not particularly, aside from quidditch and that’s decently under control right now.” He responded obediently though. She was asking what plots he intended to develop and so to say he had none was acceptable for two reasons: one he wasn’t back at Hogwarts to see the playing field to know what would be worthy going for, so it was okay to not have a decision right at this moment, and two, since he wasn’t a first year anymore sharing everything with his parents probably wasn’t a great idea. The sooner he stopped getting their help on everything he did the sooner Blaise would stop smirking at him from across the room as he wrote his letters home.

He didn’t count the quidditch thing because both his parents were aware he’d been plotting to get onto the Slytherin team since Harry had made the Gryffindor one, and he was pretty sure he’d surprised his father by saying he didn’t want to buy the whole team the new Nimbus 2001s as a bribe and subtle reminder of who his family was to ensure his spot. It was a very Malfoy thing to do after all, and he sure as hell wanted (and got) one, but he had a different idea.

An idea that had come to him pretty much day two of his time at Hogwarts when he realized just how hard actually being in Slytherin and also friends with Harry Potter was. It was just going to take him forever to get it to work, which was all right since Harry seemed able to handle himself just fine in the meantime.

He had not expected Harry to fully wreck Montague, but that had been absolutely awesome and made his day-to-day life in the snake house much easier, but there was the long term to consider too. Draco’s method was far less aggressive and flashy than what the most Slytherin-like Gryffindor at Hogwarts had managed to come up with, and he hoped someday it’d work without anyone but maybe Harry ever realizing what he was doing. The thing was, he wouldn’t know until it either paid off, or didn’t. While waiting on it, he just had to keep plugging away and making calculated moves so as not to blow his cover, and unfortunately vast displays of wealth that would polarize the already destabilized Slytherin quidditch team would in no way be helpful.

The quidditch team was still entirely comprised of dark families after all, and despite being broken by Harry taking Montague out, their alliances were nothing to scoff at. And now that Draco was part of a grey family, despite being in not terrible standing in Slytherin thanks to Harry, he was still going into the year at a disadvantage.

But that seemed to be his position for his entire time at Hogwarts so far, so it was nothing new.

Harry had proved the quidditch team’s strong alliances were, in fact, not unbreakable. Strong as hell, but they were Slytherins just the same as everyone else in their house and despite Montague being a not-so-small support beam of how their connection worked, they’d dropped him like a ton of bricks the second he’d started to sink. Who even knows how many broken deals and canceled favors got tossed around when cutting ties with him, and for snakes who took that stuff insanely seriously, that was going to be the center of their gossip and speculation for a long time yet.

If he were still aligned dark he probably could’ve gotten onto the team with just a simple demand at Flint’s face, because clever or not the Malfoy name had power and getting him into the quidditch team alliance would’ve been good business for all involved. Terence Higgs, the current Slytherin seeker, was one of the weaker members who was really in it for quidditch than he was the alliance, and no one would’ve batted an eye if Flint kicked him off the team for Draco—had he provided the team new brooms on top of it, it was all but an assured thing.

But the Malfoys were no longer dark, and honestly Draco had always been a chaser despite being able to play any of the other positions decently well if need be. It worked out that Montague had been a chaser and now that spot was open, because despite what he said Harry was a really good seeker specifically and going head-to-head with him seeker-to-seeker was likely not going to go well. And if a chaser position was open “naturally”, he could likely get it fair and square by the traditional way at try-outs.

And the fairer and more honest he could appear to be, the better.

Ignoring the fact Harry was the one to, ah… create that natural opportunity for him and everyone knew Harry had done it specifically for Draco in the first place. Not specifically for quidditch but as a lovely side effect.

Draco still wasn’t over how awesome that whole thing had been, to be honest.

“No plans with Harry then?” He was brought sharply back to earth from his inner thoughts by his mother’s voice, which reminded him he was still part of a conversation and also what did she mean by that?

“Harry?” He repeated as neutrally as possible, as soon as he said it also wondering when the hell she’d started calling him by his first name.

Unfortunately, his mother not only had a deadly poker face, but Draco never actually knew what she was thinking even if he could see underneath it. His father he sort of understood his reasoning and could predict what he’d say to a point in a certain situation—literally who knew what his mother would do though, and it was kind a terrifying thing when she was talking pointedly like he was missing something she thought should be obvious to him.

“Surely you weren’t content with him handling your reputation in Slytherin?” His father chimed in, sounding vaguely amused and Draco instantly scowled.

“Of course not! He went crazy with it obviously, but I know what I’m doing with that too.” He defended himself.

“Care to share?”

“Not until it works,” he pouted, and luckily his father just seemed entertained by that as he went back to his dinner and let the matter drop.

“I was more referencing your conversation in the alley this afternoon,” His mother cut back in pointedly, and Draco felt his ears get hot as something that should’ve been obvious hit him.

“You were listening in!?”

“Don’t be thick Draco, of course we were.” She sniffed delicately. “I’m asking what you planned to do about it.”

“Do… about it?” He knew this was what he couldn’t put his finger on but was embarrassed his parents clearly thought he should’ve realized it by now. Unfortunately, he just didn’t, and he resigned himself to needing them to spell it out for him.

His mother sighed, not in an annoyed way but a very put-upon type way. “Clearly we’ve failed you as parents if you’ve entirely overlooked every warning sign that boy just gave you. You’ll need to work on that if you want to make it farther as a Slytherin, dear.” She chided, and Draco frowned as he thought that over.

“Or perhaps you were blinded as you believe you already understand this friend of yours?” His father raised one silver eyebrow, and Draco colored a bit again in embarrassment. Maybe he had fallen into the trap of thinking he could understand Harry, but he should’ve known that was a stupid thing to believe himself capable of.

To believe anyone capable of understanding the enigma that was Harry Potter, honestly.

“Well… what did I miss then?” He hedged and scowled when his parents exchange very obvious looks for how subtle they usually were with that. “What?” He demanded petulantly.

“He practically said it himself, you know. ‘An orphan who grew up with muggles who hate magic’.” His mother pointed out.

“…so?”

“Draco, there are some abominable muggles in this world. Muggles who fear those more powerful than them react in fear and aggression most often—that is why the statue of secrecy is important even if we are more powerful. Their sheer numbers and the kind of brilliant stupidity they can come up with when panicked and riled up is truly remarkable.”

“Muggles are weaker, of course, but when magic-hating muggles—or fearing, more like—are handed a helpless wizard infant who is not yet at the point of being stronger than them, how do you think they’d react?” His father chorused, and Draco could only frown as he glanced between them, trying to follow and not liking what his suspicions were suggesting.

“Not… well.”

“Correct, although the level of not well is as of yet undetermined. From Mr. Potter’s reaction, he had been treated very poorly by his muggle relatives. I have observed that the more gruesome the detail and the stronger one’s pride, the more silent they become. The boy got some of your pride in exchange for humbling you some this past year, so I can only imagine the gruesome details are not pleasant at all.” Narcissa resumed picking at her meal while she spoke, almost too casually for how Draco’s mind short circuited.

Poorly? I know he doesn’t like them, I know he hides magic from them, which is kind of horrible but what…? Mother doesn’t care about how others raise their kids, what does that even mean? Why would she bring it up now?

“Treated poorly? What is that supposed to mean?” he demanded even more grumpily at his lack of answers.

“I think that is what he was referencing when he said you have parents who love you. It’s inconceivable that one of your guardians would take advantage of your youth and naivety as you’ve always had us to shelter you and teach you better. Mr. Potter, it seems, has not been so lucky. Even more reasons to why he should have been in Slytherin—most students with poor home lives often come out of it able to cleverly avoid trouble and with ambitions for a better life, which clearly he has in spades.” His father explained lightly.

“He may be right dear, in that your childhoods are far too different. I doubt you will ever be able to understand the sort of upbringing this boy has had, and while he struggles with it you are likely not the best person to confide in when dealing with it.” His mother concluded by way of explanation that really explained nothing much to Draco’s frustration and growing stress.

“But…”

“It’s kind of you to want to try, but you’ll likely be of no help dear.” She made an attempt at comfort however he was in no way comforted by that.

“Okay, honestly, I have no idea what you’re talking about.” He confessed bluntly, and his parents rolled their eyes almost in sync, but his father actually smiled slightly.

“Then we’ve done a good job of raising you safely. Blame us if you must for your lack of understanding but know we will not regret a thing even if you hate us for it.”

Draco could only stare at him, dinner forgotten and just at a total loss of what to make of that. His parents didn’t usually talk so deceptively with him at least, so this was uncharted territory for him.

He needed to back up a second and collect his thoughts, and luckily his parents just kept eating in silence so he could have a moment to think this over and formulate a response.

What did he know, at a basic level? Well for one, Harry wasn’t okay, but he had no details on how not okay. What he’d learned from this conversation was that his parents did and were not going to tell him, and after their talk this afternoon he now knew Harry wasn’t going to tell him either. That meant something was wrong, he didn’t know what, and he couldn’t know what, at least for now. Figuring out what was wrong was going to have to be a problem for another day since neither of his parents seemed confident in his ability to do it and he usually took their opinions seriously—he wasn’t good enough to contradict them or prove them wrong so that would have to be a future-him issue.

For today, at this moment: there was a problem, he just didn’t know what it was, but he was still obligated to try in fix it. Because his initial plan was to wait for Harry to come to him as requested, but by bringing this up his mother was implying he should be doing something right now—that there was something he could do, and Harry was a reckless Gryffindor who didn’t get an opinion on the matter: if there was something he could do to fix this, he would be doing that.

So, he had a unknown problem he had to find a solution for.

Great.

Breaking it down to a basic level again, he was at least smart enough to know Harry didn’t like his relatives. “Poor homelife”, “treated poorly”—what did that even mean? He, Blaise, and Greengrass were the far outliers in Slytherin in that they actually liked their parents even remotely, so it wasn’t new. Harry hadn’t gone home for the holidays, but he had muggle relatives so what would even be the point of going at all? That wasn’t odd, if he didn’t like them and he had no pureblood traditions or responsibilities to tend to then of course he’d stay had Hogwarts.

Magic vs no magic? Wasn’t even a question, now was it?

Harry was happy at Hogwarts and not happy when he was with his relatives. The obvious solution was that he shouldn’t spend time with his relatives, which was such a trivially easy fix it really didn’t warrant his mother bringing it up at dinner officially. Harry would just stay at Hogwarts for the holidays and next summer he could visit them here at Malfoy manor, or any of the many friends Harry had in all four houses—Longbottom, Bones, hell even Blaise might be willing to take him to Italy if it came up, because he was sure by next summer Harry would only further worm his way into the cold empty space where the Zabini’s heart should’ve been. Or at least Blaise would love to torture him with dumping Harry into a foreign country and laughing as he sank or swam, though Draco suspected Harry would probably find a way to swim and even enjoy himself while he did it.

There was no point in bringing up something so easily fixed, so that probably wasn’t it.

No, no, he was still thinking about problems he knew. He needed to find a way to fix a problem he didn’t understand, which meant he had to think even more basic.

What did he know about Harry?

As soon as he asked himself that, he realized he already knew. Harry wanted to do whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted, with whoever he wanted. He wanted to be free, to have the freedom of choice—to act and speak like he wanted with no repercussions. Which was selfish and unique and just so passionately alive that Draco had always loved it without ever realizing in so many words that’s always been exactly what he loved about Harry.

No one was more greedy for life than him, and Draco both envied and stood in frozen, slightly awe-inspired fear of what his best friend was capable of in his search to be alive at all times.

Draco was willing to do or say anything to get what he wanted, but Harry was both that and also unrepentant about wanting everything and the moon right now. He could plan for the future while also doing whatever the hell he wanted right in the moment, and for some reason he could get away with it.

Or, on the most part. It would stand to say if Harry was unhappy, and unhappy in a way that his mother actually brought it up, then Draco could probably take a wild guess and say it was probably related to Harry not getting away with it in some way. He sure as hell had not been acting like himself this summer nor in this talk in the alley today, so for some reason he wasn’t being allowed to be who he wanted to be or do what he wanted to do, and that was probably crushing him slowly.

Okay… that meant the solution to that would be to somehow make sure Harry could do what he wanted.

Am I expected to figure out what the hell he actually wants!? Draco thought in a slight panic, because he’d never quite been able to grab ahold of what the bloody hell his best friend actually wanted because it was all so strange and unexpected and he kind of liked the surprises but at the same time it made this ask all but impossible.

No… even if could narrow it down, there’s no saying it won’t change tomorrow. Harry’s WAY too unpredictable for that to be a good idea… I need to think of something more generic.

Who told Harry he couldn’t do something? Going by historical evidence probably no one since he had never once hesitated in doing literally anything, but logically there was the authority figures in their lives. Teachers, which was unavoidable and probably not the issue since he was McGonagall’s favorite and she’d protect him some, and parental figures, which was previously established as avoidable since he was going to just not go home. Who else? The Ministry? Dumbledore? They were so above the situation why would they even care to tell Harry not to do something? So far as he was aware Harry wasn’t on a campaign to break school charter or the law and even if he were he was a Potter who’d been asking questions about his finances the last year, so he could probably handle that easily.

Maybe it wasn’t in the realm of someone telling him he couldn’t do something, and more the fact he was paying consequences for things he did do. Harry didn’t hesitate, and he was a Gryffindor, so maybe unlike they’d originally thought he wasn’t actually always thinking about the repercussions of the things he did, and maybe he was struggling with that instead. There was a lot of blood on their enchanted journals after all, Harry hadn’t seemed all that concerned about injuring himself as a result of his actions, and literally everything about that set every nerve in Draco’s body on edge.

Doing whatever the hell he wanted was one thing, accepting the consequences of his actions regardless of what they were was another, and it was honorable.

Accepting those consequences without no hesitation when Draco was no realizing how bad some of those consequences could be was a whole other quidditch pitch that he did not like.

He admitted that he’d always liked how Harry was unrepentant and accepted the ramifications of how he acted with never-ceasing grace, but now that Draco realized Harry would happily accept bodily harm instead of just alienating people or a detention or two, he wasn’t sure it was so admirable anymore.

He doubted he could change the redhead’s mind about it, nor was he at all interested in the impossible battle even broaching that argument would be (he still remembered the weeks of cold shoulder Harry was unafraid to give him for ever dare trying to get involved like that) but he couldn’t just do nothing about it.

Harry was fine with consequences, but Draco wasn’t. That meant he needed a way to make sure Harry didn’t feel the consequences of his actions, but literally how the hell?

His face must’ve been a sight to behold because his parents were looking very entertained while they finished eating as he stewed over his thoughts. Draco had left his plate untouched as he chewed on this instead.

Okay, I don’t have a plan for how the literal hell I’m supposed to do that, but at least now I know it’s something to work for. I can start on it this year… somehow.

“Okay, I’ll work on it.” He finally gave up, and his mother smiled.

“It will help to keep him in an environment that is more easily controlled while you figure it out, to prevent more incidents before you find your solution. It sounds as if his position with Slytherin is pretty decent these days, so perhaps suggest his spend some time in your common room. It’ll put him in a good, readily available position to trade his Transfiguration notes since you said that was his currency these days.” Narcissa suggested, seeming pleased he’d grasped what she’d pointed out.

At her words though he snapped his head to the side to look at his father, who smiled wryly.

“I will talk to Severus. And our allied families as well, to make it easier on you.”

Draco beamed, because that meant Harry could hang out with him a lot more this year if he were allowed in their common room. Good standing in the snake house or not, he had thought that would be pushing it a bit but now it actually seemed feasible and he was outright excited for it. He didn’t even care his father was just doing it for him instead of letting him make his own deals, because this was too exciting to waste time on his still-developing negotiation skills.

“We’ll be doing our own coordinating of course but do let us know if you’d like any help,” His mother offered, leaving it open for him to talk about it now if he wished. When he was younger he definitely liked to talk through his thought process and lean on them while brainstorming, but this time he felt obligated to do it himself. Harry was his best friend, and his parents suddenly deciding to get involved or not, if he could do it himself he definitely wanted to.

So, he just nodded. “I will,” he promised, leaving it at that. He would definitely lean on them again if he felt he was struggling because this was too important to screw up, but he should at least give it an honest go first. His parents let it go, seeming to understand that logic for themselves.

His mother smiled. “Good. Now finish your food,” she reminded him, and he suddenly recalled that he still had a nearly full plate in front of him. He dug in again, enjoying the quiet as he began brainstorming his own ideas for how to start the coming school year off correctly with this new goal in mind.

000

Lucius and Narcissa would not know for several years just how badly Draco had totally missed the point of that conversation, but it would come as quite a nasty shock when it finally came to light.

000

It was impossible to actually put down into words all the good things about being free from the Dursleys, most of which were so obvious it wasn’t worth mentioning, but one of the best things that also happened to be rather unexpected, was the ability to use magic without repercussion.

Harry already knew using it in Diagon was okay because thanks to his conversation with Axeclaw there was no way the Ministry would be able to know it was him specifically casting magic, and since the underage ward they used to monitor him was on the Dursley house, it was also okay in his Contrair Alley apartment. Technically the underage wizard’s legal guardian was in charge of informing the Ministry of a change in location if there was one, and, as Axeclaw put it, many wizarding families conveniently forgot to file that paperwork if they were to go on vacation—only Ministry employees and their families had to do such a thing since clearly if they were taking vacation time and it was known they had underage children it was kind of highly suspicious.

Everyone else? If they didn’t know it was a thing in the case of many muggleborn families, or just didn’t do it as many pureblood and half-blood families didn’t bother, there really was no repercussion if you didn’t get caught. And not getting caught was pretty easy to do—muggleborns weren’t aware it was a thing but typically assumed they were tracked everywhere so didn’t use magic even on vacations, and pureblood families fixed it with simple privacy wards preventing the Ministry from peering into their business. And even if the Ministry could, due to their cheap wards they wouldn’t be able to tell if it was the kids or the adults in the family performing the magic.

For Harry though? If the Dursleys didn’t do their obligation as his guardians and no one else filed the paperwork instead, there was no reason that a newly rented single-room apartment in Contrair Alley would need to have underage magic warding incorporated into the documentation of it all. Without anyone pointing it out, the new lease wouldn't be suspicious at all.

Axeclaw had been very pointed in his wording of if no one else filed it, meaning it was possible for someone else to butt their noses into his business and file the warding notification on behalf of someone else (if they were a dick, apparently), which would mean nothing to most people.

Given how certain people seemed hell bent on butting in though, Harry had no problems paying the premium (which still wasn’t much to him) to have Gringotts completely trick out his apartment with every privacy ward and beyond possible to put on a dwelling this tiny. He even double checked that Dumbledore still was not on his approved mailing list, which he was indeed not.

All this meant that so long as he wasn’t blatantly doing it in the middle of the alleys where everyone could see and realize he was using magic underage when he wasn’t supposed to and potentially snitch on him, he could practice all the magic he wanted without fear.

And he had unfortunately long-since completed all his homework since he’d had an abundance of free time this summer locked in a shed, as well as nearly completing all his saved-up textbooks cover-to-cover with associated journals of notes he’d taken on each one, so that really only left the textbooks for the coming year to read, and his new joke-Transfiguration book.

Draco had been right, this Gilderoy Lockhart fellow’s books were total gibberish and more like adventure novels than actual textbooks, which was entertaining in their own way if you separated out the absurdity and vanity of how it was written. They were mildly amusing to peruse but Harry had picked up some better second-year level Defense books from Contrair Alley to actually, you know, learn something in the coming year.

Bethany, the muggleborn who ran Bethany’s Books down in Contrair, was extremely nice and the oddest combination of Hermione Granger and Professor Sprout—very bookish and had memorized most of the books she was selling both academic and not, but also round-faced and cheery, like a long lost, slightly-too-nosy aunt or something. She called everyone sweetie and baby and remembered him from every time he’d ever set foot in her shop, even pushing a jar of sparkler lollies (lollipops that literally gave your sparkler breath) at him when he was checking out like she was trying to subtly mother him. She couldn’t have even been thirty though, so she wasn’t old, just really, really maternally jovial like that.

She was also a great sounding board on books to read, especially speaking to someone from a muggleborn-like background, and since she was fully aware of the DADA professor issue (meaning having a new one each year, none being too good since they were often scrambling to find someone both available and willing to take the cursed position rather than someone actually qualified) she’d done her own research into the official OWL and NEWT requirements so had her own running list of Defense textbooks to read by year-level. The list was posted right above the till when people checked out and clearly Harry had seen it—he’d looked at the books too and Bethany definitely took after Hermione in that they were weighty academic things that would be hard to get through, but they were solid. A quick conversation with her, which Bethany was almost more than happy to have, and you could even get some tips on the particular chapters that would be most helpful if you were preparing specifically for the OWLs someday. She literally had them all memorized so it was actually insanely helpful if you could make it through the extremely rambling, rather academic-heavy conversations with her.

She was not helpful when it came to History of Magic though, because if Harry thought she’d help him find textbooks that were more interesting to read, he was dead wrong. Her talking about it had somehow been worse than hearing Binns drone blankly about ancient history and Harry legitimately did not know how that was possible.

He’d leave that to when he was actually required to read something about that for a class instead of reading ahead, because he was not going to spend the rest of his break (or any time it was not strictly required) doing something that dull. Going with his theory that you only needed a niche skill to be successful, he was willing to take the loss on History of Magic—he just had to pass his OWL when it came to that so as to graduate Hogwarts, but he was fine with as low a grade as possible while still passing on that.

His other required textbooks were pretty standard, and he took some casual notes on the first couple chapters, despite the fact his wrist was still pretty messed up from whatever he’d done to it when getting out of the shed that day. All the other bruising he’d gotten was starting to fade, but his wrist remained a splotchy grey and purple at best, aching like crazy and stinging at random times too. He avoided using it in his exercising, but it was his writing hand so he took to wrapping it up tightly and being very ginger as he wrote, which was likely not helping the healing process but for lack of better option he just bore with it. He figured it’d heal eventually… he couldn’t do anything now and Pomfrey would likely be able to tell how old a wound was and get mad at him, and it didn’t hurt that badly, just annoying really so… it would probably eventually go away, he assumed. And hoped.

In the meantime he took pretty light notes to save his hand, but kept working so Draco couldn’t yell at him for his Charms grades again. He wanted to be as prepared as a Slytherin going into the year (and he knew they all would be very prepared just to hold it over each other) and in that same line of thinking put even more effort into his Potions textbook than any other. Draco had even sent him a copy of his own notes on it in exchange for some of Harry’s own on the first chapter of their Transfiguration textbook—which was so insanely trivial at this point in Harry’s skill with the subject it was actually harder to cite his sources on the information he knew, rather than producing the information himself. And he knew he still needed to keep on top of his sources, one because he’d never win an argument against McGonagall again if he couldn’t back up what he was saying with proof instead of ‘I just know it somehow’ to support himself, and two, using his work as trades with others would be worthless since McGonagall would know instantly they were just copying off his notes. If they cited themselves with outside texts, she wouldn’t be able to say they were copying him, nor would she be able to prove Harry had given them the citations outright.

It was kind of funny that keeping track of his citations was the hard part at this point—his understanding of it all had gotten really, really good but he was no Hermione so he couldn’t just flat out memorize the books word for word. Often times he knew the answer or could perform a spell automatically or on instinct, and then splitting out how he’d known it took him ten times as long, if not longer.

With this in mind he realized if he was going to keep leaning on Transfiguration like this, since actually learning it was not his issue, he’d need to work on making it sellable, meaning he needed to be better at breaking down his thought process for others. That meant, like with duro, he’d have to be much better at Arithmancy and have more resources to lean on to support himself, so he could do something, write it out, and trade/sell it more quickly than he currently could.

He stocked up on as many Transfiguration books as he could find in both Contrair and Diagon Alley and took a trip back to the Monroe vault to actually spend several full days in there combing through the books he’d inherited for anything useful (as well as a lot of other of the Monroe family artifacts, as it was all super interesting and made him feel better, getting lost in his adopted family’s history). He ended up with way more books than he’d probably be able to read in his entire time at Hogwarts, 90% of it being above even his pay grade right now, but he had it on hand if he ever needed it and they were now taking up probably a huge chunk of his bottomless bag—which was not actually bottomless, just the volume of a quidditch pitch which was close enough, even with half a library’s worth of books in it now.

He even visited the actual library in Contrair, though it had a lot of repeats of books he’d just bought, or at least seen in the Hogwarts library. While not useful for Transfiguration work now, it was good to know this library was well stocked for general use so he could probably come back to check it out if need be once he graduated and could no longer get access to the Hogwarts library.

What it was surprisingly good for though, was the wealth of muggle information in there are well as it was fully stocked for both muggle and magical topics, probably given it was run by muggleborns who likely were fed up with not being able to find normal fiction books or science books even. Given how important Arithmancy (muggle math in general) seemed to be in Transfiguration, and the fact he’d always had an interest in science topics before magic blew it out of the water, it was a welcome change he was happy to explore. He didn’t buy or check out any of the math or science books, but he spent several afternoons looking through them, and the library even had a set of tutors happy to help anyone out if they asked for it. Doing that, he got several good explanations on the basic math principals he’d either learned and forgot in the year without a muggle education or had never known and the average muggle twelve-year-old probably should know by now. Thanks to his work with duro it wasn’t the first time he’d heard any of it, but the refresher was nice, and he wondered what the best way to keep up on it would be. Self-teaching himself math was probably not going to work but he also didn’t want to wait until he could start Arithmancy next year to get started, as he had a feeling muggle math was WAY more difficult and the late start would probably hurt a lot.

It was still summer break though, so he didn’t spend too much time reviewing math or pondering how he’d keep learning math once the school year started, so he mostly shelved that thought for future-him to deal with.

The only thing that didn’t actually feel like work was Transfiguration, especially when he decided to start with the joke book in practicing doing something and then citing his sources—the entire book was well within his range of ability and the spells were fun, light-hearted things so it was a great place to begin. He’d leafed through it and picked out the most interesting spells he saw, read the portions for each spell, either performed it outright or practiced until he could perform it, and then practiced breaking down the spell in a page in a journal to see if he could translate his work into written word that someone else could follow. From helping Daphne specifically, he knew a lot of the difficulty people had with Transfiguration spells was the power level, and the ‘fall’ motion which until he’d discovered it apparently no one knew about in the first place. Some spells required a deceptively small amount of power while others could only be done by sheer brute force—most textbooks didn’t touch on power level of a spell at all, and even if it did it was mostly in the equation associated with Transfiguration spells, with numbers that meant nothing.

What did a power level of 16 even mean really? How would a student know what the hell 16 meant, compared to 37 or 1120? Instead, Harry liked to compare to other spells—like you’d need the power of two duros to perform a flower-conjuring spell, but half a beetle-to-button spell to change a feather to a worm, while there was no such thing as too much power when it came to the softening charm just so long as it was five times as strong as a match-to-needle transfiguration. Speaking in terms of spells that most first years learned relatively easily as a better gauge of power level might help, he thought. After all, Hermione was brilliant but the rare times he'd actually studied with her he knew her notes were as dry and unhelpful as just reading the textbook yourself; if he wanted his notes to be good trades, they needed to be way more accessible than that.

As for the ‘fall’… that was a lot harder and he spent a lot of time sketching out the path his imagination took when picturing how a spell ‘fell’ after the completed wand movement—it wasn’t an actual movement it was more an image in your head of where the magic was supposed to go with no attached corporeal form, so it was pretty hard to diagram but hoped he was doing a decent job. He probably wouldn’t know for certain until he started trading these notes to see if it worked for people at all. He'd also probably have to tell people not to include these diagrams in their written work because while super helpful to learning how to perform a spell, McGonagall would know immediately it was his work for exactly the reason he'd wanted it to be unique in order to get at Montague. So, kind of inconvenient for the purposes of trading but it'd be good practice for when he finally got around to publishing this development of his, writing it out and testing it on people still learning Transfiguration to see if it was even intelligible.

Also… Draco’s indignant expression, not just the past two times of them hanging out in the Alley but also at several points throughout the previous school year where Harry had not taken murder-attempts on his life seriously were haunting him almost as much as the nightmares that refused to go away if he didn’t drown them with an excess of dreamless sleep potions. He was so happy getting lost in the wonderfulness that was Hogwarts, in his plotting and his friends and classes and quidditch… it was just so easy for even a cynical guy like him to think the adults will take care of it.

The adults will protect me.

His jaw flexed in something like anger, but also despair as that naïve thought mocked him from a dark corner inside himself. When had he ever trusted adults? When had he started? Clearly he’d fallen into that trap and clearly it hadn’t worked. Even McGonagall, who he genuinely believed would’ve liked to protect him, hadn’t been able to when it came down to it.

No one had, despite many people wanting to. Draco, Neville, McGonagall—hell even Snape who was a dick but still proved he didn’t want his students to just flat out die—they’d all probably would’ve done something had they been there, but they hadn’t. It had just been Harry in a dark hallway with a full-grown wizard and, unknowingly, the bloody dark lord.

Draco wanting to protect him hadn’t actually done shit in the moment, and despite Harry also being cynical enough to not inherently trust anyone to have his back without a lot of effort on his part, that was also enough proof to him to realize that even if he did trust someone to want to help him, there was no way he could trust that they actually could.

Everyone involved was human. McGonagall, despite being his favorite adult and a genuinely strong witch, hadn’t been able to do a thing.

And the helplessness…

The helplessness had always been there. The harsh fact in front of him was that he was just a kid and there was a lot he didn’t know, couldn’t control, or wasn’t old enough to have his opinion matter in. The way he’d been facing down a wizard with his wand in hand and it hadn’t mattered if he were armed or not because he still couldn’t do shit about it. The way a fucking muggle had locked him in a plain wooden shed he couldn’t blow his way out of if he’d thought one stray spell wouldn’t destroy his future, and not being able to do a bloody thing about it…

It was worse now, obviously, after everything in the past several months. But the helplessness had always been there.

And Harry hated the feeling so much he’d completely circled around, passing right by fear, anger, despair and coming out the other end in this ice-cold, blindingly clear understanding that he was helpless, and it was going to happen again if he couldn’t do something fix this.

Because as much as he loved Draco and trusted McGonagall, love and trust would not save him in the end.

It all came back to the thing he’d always known: you were born with one ally, and it was yourself. If you weren’t a good ally, or you abandoned yourself out of fear or weakness, you were absolutely screwed.

So, while Transfiguration was honestly fun and interesting, there was also that thought in the back of his mind that never went away as he turned a page and saw a new spell.

How could I use this to fight? What’s the practical use?

Every new spell he learned, he did it again just to be sure it was perfect.

Is this good enough to use in a fight?

He did it sitting at his kitchen table and also standing up, using big movements and small movements and generally just moving while he worked to both continue keeping his exercise up but also expand how flexible the spell’s uses could be.

Can I do it while running? Can I do it with my wand in my sleeve before someone notices? Maybe even behind my back? Can I do it without looking, while watching someone else for an attack?

So yeah, he was learning Transfiguration still but now he was learning it with a lot more running through his head then there used to be when he just wanted to understand. Now… now, it was about understanding and using.

Understanding would always be the best part, but the more he could use, then someday the feeling of helplessness wouldn’t make him physically sick to his stomach every time it confronted him. Because hopefully next time he was placed in a situation like that he would at least had spells he could use running through his head, attempts he could make to save himself, instead of standing there with a wand and still being unable to do a damn thing.

In this way the days of summer wound down, and September first came a bit too quickly for Harry’s liking even as he anticipated finally getting back to the castle. He was… better, if not still off kilter, but days of sparing no thoughts to what had happened and content to focus on Transfiguration work with a clinical-like eye, as well as tons of time immersing himself down in the Monroe vault to just learn more about his adopted history, he felt better.

The less he could think about the things he was still taking dreamless potions to escape from, the better. The more he could escape reality by imagining himself amongst his Monroe ancestors, imagining he was actually blood related to them and their odd quirks might somehow be reflected in the mirror when he looked into it, the more he felt whole.

There was a lot going on in his head but remembering that Draco was still his best friend and the Monroe family was now his family, he figured out at least pieces of himself here and there that made all the gaping holes the summer had ripped from him feel a bit less hollow.

He wouldn’t be able to recall his parents’ faces if he weren’t staring at the pictures in the scrapbook Hagrid had given him, but his mental image of Dell Monroe was crystal clear despite never actually having seen a picture of her. His mind’s image of her shop, her neighbor who wrote her poetry, some tiny woman wearing all the same baubles Harry had clipped into his own hair or dangling from his wrist… it all felt so much more like him than Lily and James Potter. The connection to Dell was there, while he still knew so little about his parents they still felt like strangers he was bitter he never got to meet.

Dell wasn’t a stranger, odd as it sounded given she died centuries before he was born. She was like a big sister, but more somehow since he’d spent over a year reading about her life through her eyes.

It made going through the Monroe vault all the more comforting somehow, picking through heirlooms from people Dell might’ve known, like her second cousins or her own parents or grandparents, and going through her eyes he felt as if they could be his grandparents and cousins too. Cousin Lisanna’s prized embroidered handkerchiefs with complex flower patterns, Grandpa Maxi’s enchanted singing coins, a ton of teacups from a grandniece that had a tea shop apparently, one distant cousin that was evidently a traveler who had what looked to be a full-on pirate ship plopped in the back of the vault filled with gold, old parchment maps, actual canons, and pretty much anything else Harry could’ve imagined would’ve been on a stereotypical pirate ship. That cousin’s marker said he’d only died in 1899 though, which was quite a bit after the swashbuckling pirate era he was emulating here, so he was likely just weird as hell if not probably the life of the party.

Going through the vault he felt like he could actually picture these people and relate to them, which was way more than could be said for the Potter family. While bittersweet, it was a good thing in a way, because Harry wasn’t feeling so hot being alone right now— having any family connection despite how unorthodox it all was, meant everything to him. It felt real, and that was all that mattered to his poor soul as battered as it was, and it gave him comfort, which was enough for now.

It did bring to mind though, the family he didn’t have.

And so, it was only two days before the start of term that Harry finally mustered up the courage to visit Gringotts again—not for the Monroe vault, but another discussion with Axeclaw he was kind of terrified to hear the answer to.

But he needed to know.

“Are you illiterate?”

Now Harry was the one just staring at the goblin, realizing this was going even worse than he’d feared it would. How was that a stupid question!?

“Excuse me?” He blinked, and Axeclaw grumbled impatiently.

“There never was a will reading, and there won’t be one unless you can’t read or specifically request it. Will readings are an old practice put into place in case not all attendees were literate and needed to have it read to them. It’s an ancient practice, and some wizards insist on it for some reason but on the most part those who are grieving a dead relative don’t want to rehash it in public. Nor does Gringotts like the spending of time in such a way.” He explained, and Harry calmed a little at the explanation.

“Oh.”

“A copy of the will is sent to everyone named in it. You also received a copy, but it’s filed in your account until the day you were old enough to ask for it. Technically you would not even be allowed access until you were of age, but by inheriting the Monroe name— who didn’t have any age restrictions given they had no young children when they died out— technically you are classified as an outside party who inherited and is owed a copy of the will, not just as a descendant who also happens to be underage. There is no age restriction to that, although wizarding law on the topic is very nebulous on the matter.” The goblin looked at him dryly over the papers on his desk. “I gather today is that day?”

“Yes. Apologies, I didn’t know I was supposed to ask.”

“It means little to me; just another paper to hold.” Axeclaw dismissed as he hopped of his chair and walked from the room without another word, and Harry had to remind himself not to get angry.

Goblins. This is the remnants of my parents, it’s not another piece of paper. But he couldn’t actually remain frustrated with Axeclaw for long, as he’d always known the goblin didn’t really care. He cared about the business of it all and always had, which Harry had always appreciated.

And he had given him a crate of calming potions, even if it came out of Harry’s vault, but still. He’d cared enough to do that… but Harry was really just reaching for excuses not to get mad. Being mad was easier than sitting there in terror of what he was about to read while waiting for Axeclaw to get back—he kind of thought he’d need more time or that a real will reading would need to be arranged to something. That he’d just receive it out of nowhere and that this would be his parents’ last words or…

Luckily his couldn’t spiral too far into that train of thought, as Axeclaw returned with no preamble as he handed a blank folder over with a single piece of paper inside. He must’ve either seen Harry’s face or been asked many times as he answered the unspoken question. “Not much is required in a magical will by way of written words—so long as it’s carefully put most of it comes from the enchantments that were placed on the original piece of paper which remains in the Potter main family vault for safe keeping. That is just a copy of what it says for your reference. Additionally, in a time of war like it was when this was written, people tended to update them constantly on the fly so there were many iterations before this one, and unfortunately even then things changed too quickly for it to be updated before their death. You will see, when you read it.” He hopped back up to his desk, and Harry couldn’t really hesitate anymore as he looked down to see the painfully sparse words in front of him.

000

We, Lily June Potter nee. Evans and James Fleamont Potter, being of sound body and mind, do declare this our last will and testament under executor Sharpfang and witnessed by Sirius Orion Black and Marlene Hester McKinnon.

To those who miss us, wish us luck in our next adventure.

To the Eileen Prince foundation, we bequeath 7000 galleons for the continued education of students in need.

To Remus Lupin we bequeath the Longsgate property and the contents within.

To Peter Pettigrew we bequeath every share in Honeydukes we own, as well as 3000 galleons.

To Sirius Black, upon his request, we bequeath one knut, and the responsibility of raising our dearest son, Harry James Potter. We give custodian privileges of the Potter Trust fund to Marlene McKinnon.

Everything else in our possession, worldly or otherwise, we give to our son, Harry James Potter.

In this time of war, if for any reason one of the people listed within this will and testament is unable to fulfill their duties, we elect Frank and Alice Longbottom to provide support to those with their roles of guardians or custodians, or to take their place if need be. We pray it never comes to that.

Signed,

Lily June Potter

James Fleamont Potter

000

There was just… so little. Harry didn’t know why he thought there’d be last words for him in here, but like Axeclaw implied… this was just a legal document, nothing more.

And he realized what Axeclaw meant. His parents couldn’t have known is any of these people would be dead before they could inherit what was given to them, clearly since at the point they wrote this they still trusted Sirius Black which… was to be determined on if that was a good idea or not. He had no idea who or what Remus Lupin, Marline McKinnon, Peter Pettigrew or the Longsgate property was, but he did recognize one name.

“Longbottom?” He breathed, almost afraid to ask. Whether he was ready or not, Axeclaw seemed primed with an answer.

“Alice and Frank Longbottom were tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and are no longer capable guardians in any form according to the mediwitches of St. Mungos. I believe their son is in the care of Augusta Longbottom, who did offer to take you in as well however since she was not listed in the will specifically, your care was reverted to your closest living relatives. A fault of the enchantments, I believe.”

Harry put the will down and needed to breath for a couple seconds, and luckily Axeclaw just let him, even going back to the papers on his desk to give him a moment.

It was really hard to swallow all of a sudden.

He just… well obviously he’d never realized just how close he and Neville had come to being raised together. If his parents… if either of their parents… if neither of them had… they might’ve been brothers of a sort if not at least raised as friends if they’d lived in a better world where madmen and their followers didn’t kill and torture people. If they weren't both orphans and their parents were just friends they got to see all the time.

Harry very suddenly and sharply remembered that day on the train almost exactly a year ago.

“You’re Harry?” A very quiet, shy voice had asked him, almost as if realizing something.

Neville had recognized him like everyone eventually recognized him, but he hadn’t said you’re Harry Potter.

You’re Harry?

He’d… he’d said his name like he’d known about Harry. Not the Boy Who Lived… but the boy who should’ve been raised right next to him. The boy he should’ve called a brother in another life.

Harry couldn’t breathe.

“Oh god.” He felt sick, and Axeclaw probably saw that as suddenly a calming drought was being placed on the desk in front of him, and he downed it without questioning where the goblin had produced that from.

Why hadn’t Neville said anything!? He wondered wildly as soon as the potion took effect and actual thoughts started to form in his mind again instead of just whiting out in blind emotion.

No… no, that wasn’t fair.

It wasn’t like Harry had told Neville a thing about the Dursleys either. If the whole world didn’t already know he was an orphan, he probably wouldn’t exactly bring it up in casual conversation and there was no expectation for shy, gentle Neville to suddenly bring it up out of the blue like that either if Harry himself, as a self-proclaimed extrovert, definitely would not have had the roles been reversed. Neville had a right to his privacy, and Harry accepted that, even if this was so mind-boggling it still made him dizzy even with a calming draught churning in his uneasy stomach.

Bellatrix Lestrange.

His hands suddenly got cold, as he realized he recognized that name.

Draco’s aunt. Narcissa Malfoy’s sister.

Harry couldn’t swallow, even though he was trying to. He couldn’t… Draco’s…

Don’t ask me about the Malfoys.

Harry wanted to cry.

And he kind of did, as tears pricked at the corners of his eyes and he really tried to keep it together, but he just couldn’t.

“Do you wish me to explain anything else?” Axeclaw prompted, probably hoping to distract him so he didn’t have a crying wizard in his office. For a goblin that could only really snarl, he certainly sounded awkward enough.

“No,” Harry choked, rubbing his eyes with the back of his sleeve hastily. “Th-thanks Axeclaw I think I’m g-good,” he got up clumsily and fumbled for his copy of the will as he fled the room—and the goblin thankfully just let him go.

Yeah… that had definitely been even worse than he’d feared it would be.





Chapter 38: Book 2 : Envy : 6




Harry was having a really, really weird morning.

He’d slept in, which wouldn’t have been weird except he hadn’t been able to sleep so he’d taken a dreamless sleep potion maybe a bit too late into the night and woken up maybe a bit too late in the morning because of it. Which wasn’t bad exactly because he figured he was going to be catching up on rest for the next year if not the rest of his life if his nightmares never let him go again, but he’d woken up late on September 1st, aka the only day a year aside from maybe Christmas where waking up ungodly early was okay, expected, and even encouraged.

So he woke up late, whatever.

But then he couldn’t find anything. His bag was not where he left it which should’ve been impossible because of the enchantments he had on it, his last minute clothes and toiletries were all swapped around, and the stuff he’d had prepared for breakfast was either smelling off or just flat out gone and he was left scratching his brain. Which just took too long as he tried to gather himself to get to the train on time and why had it suddenly become this hard? He wasn’t the pinnacle of organization or anything, but he was not this bad and legitimately thought he was losing his mind.

And given everything going on in his head, he wouldn’t even be surprised if that were the case, honestly.

Even when he was out the door and giving up on cooking himself breakfast (he just tossed everything he had left in the outside bin since he didn’t expect to ever be back to this place once the rental ran out in December) he stopped at the café on his way out of Contrair Alley to get something to eat since he was always slightly hungry these days, and whatever machine they were using to make muffins broke mid-way through his order and took way longer than expected.

Did stuff like this actually happen in the magical world? He had assumed mundane stuff like this was solved with magic, but somehow the muffin-machine could not be fixed with the teller’s ability and Harry gave up on his wasted time to just abandon his muffin in lieu of the train.

Even considering all this, he still had time.

At least he thought he had time, until he stepped foot into King’ Crossing Station and a huge bell rang out the hour—his head automatically snapping to his wrist watch and realizing those bells sounds did not match up.

Luckily, his trunk was pretty light since it was mostly for decoration given most of his stuff (books, anything heavy really) was in his bag, the only awkward thing being his clothes he didn’t want to ruin in his bag again by being a careless oaf, and Hedwig’s cage complete with ruffled owl who didn’t quite understand why they were running suddenly. And running they were, running fast as Harry refused to believe he was as off on his timing as he thought he was, ignoring the shouts of many muggles yelling at him for getting in their way or causing a racket.

And he ran full tilt, directly into a suddenly very solid brick wall.

“Oh my god!” A woman shrieked as Harry was suddenly looking up at her from the ground, Hedwig screeching at him for the action and yeah, Harry could only agree by how his whole body stung in shocked pain.

Did… wait, did the barrier close!?

“Are you alright!?” The woman was still yelling, and several people were clustering now, either to half heartedly help or just gawk at the ridiculous scene he must’ve just put on.

He rolled over and groaned, hissing sharply as he tried to push himself up and his wrist screamed loudly at him that that was a terrible idea.

“Someone help!”

“Did he just run into a wall?”

“Is that an owl?”

Harry had enough and even still on the ground he reached into his bag and willed his target into his hand, his muggle repelling stone sliding into his palm and as soon as he had it out, the crowd around him dispersed. The woman above him blinked widely as if trying to process what she was seeing… before shaking her head and walking away, mumbling under her breath.

Great, now I just need one of these for wizards, he scowled internally, finally sitting up and trying to regain himself but realizing he was shaking too hard to actually take proper stock.

He looked up at a nearby muggle clock, and yeah… it was past 11am now.

Hedwig screeched again, and Harry obediently picked up her cage and opened the door. She flapped out wildly in annoyance but luckily her wing didn’t hurt much as it bopped him on the head. “Sorry,” He apologized. “I didn’t realize that barrier closed. I mean I guess it makes sense…” she calmed enough but still looked mighty pissy as she hopped up on to the rim of the upturned cart beside him to continue pouting about her rough handling.

He didn’t even have the energy to move from where he sat on the ground surrounded by his upturned cart, trunk, and cage, and with the muggle warding stone no one even looked at him anyway, so it was fine.

It was just fine, sitting here.

“This sucks.” He told Hedwig blankly, realizing he should be more freaked out about this but he just… couldn’t care. He could still find a way to Hogwarts, he just had to think about it for a second. And this way, maybe he could delay seeing Neville just a couple hours longer.

That’s so not fair. I dreaded seeing Draco but when I finally did he made things better. I’m not being fair to Neville—he deserves more than that. He deserves so much more than that.

He gave a huge sigh and put his head on his knees tiredly. Maybe he should’ve just kept sleeping if he was going to miss the train anyway.

What’s wrong with me? He recognized blankly. He probably would’ve straight up died from panic only a year ago, maybe even a couple months ago if he’d risked spending the first day he could with his friends like this.

Maybe he just ran out of energy for things like this. Missing a train didn’t really rank on his list of things to be stressed about right now, let’s be honest. It wasn’t like he was going to get expelled for being late one time, he was just going to miss out seeing his friends on the train, and potentially tonight’s feast. And truthfully he wasn’t that hungry anymore and he could probably deal with being alone for a little longer—facing others seemed like an enormous task all of a sudden.

He really should’ve just waited on reading the will.

He winced, curling tighter into his knees and breathing as deeply as he could, reminding himself to think. He needed a plan, and calming as it was he couldn’t sit on the ground forever.

Hogwarts was a pretty big deal, and he was sure Hermione had told him several times that it was impenetrable, undetected, and mysteriously guarded by a shit ton of top-secret magic to the point not even any of the dark lords of history had ever attempted to take it. He was almost sure she’d even mentioned the Hogwarts express was one of the most well-guarded places in the magical world since there were a bunch of unattended magical children on it. So he couldn’t exactly catch up somehow, even if he could, and he couldn’t just floo to Hogwarts as he was positive you needed prior approval to floo in and out of it if you weren’t a teacher.

McGonagall is a teacher; I could send Hedwig to her.

Ah, but he had no idea how far Hogwarts was, and it was an all-day train ride to get there so Hedwig might not make it before dark, and McGonagall was in charge of the sorting. Of course she’d send someone to come get him while she dealt with that, but she wouldn’t come get him herself.

Maybe she’d send Hagrid again. That might be fun, he could use some quality Hagrid time. Hagrid couldn’t use magic so he wasn’t sure how they’d get back to Hogwarts— maybe floo? Did Hagrid count as a teacher who had floo access? Would he have access to approve Harry using the floo with him? Then again if Hagrid needed approval to do that (or he came at all, he realized) Dumbledore would know about it too. Dumbledore might get involved about it…

It was all just possibilities and maybe he was more paranoid than he thought but the potential was stressing him out. Hedwig might not make it in time, McGonagall might send Hagrid, Hagrid might involve Dumbledore…

He wouldn’t be so paranoid if it weren’t all just so reasonable. All of that could happen, and then what?

He wanted to say Dumbledore knowing about this one time might not do anything, but was he really trusting (dumb) enough to actually risk it, low as the chance was?

Did he even have another option?

He blinked, realizing that… actually yeah, he just might.

It was probably a super bad idea, and more like bargaining with a known demon to avoid a potential devil, but… in the words of a particularly sassy Slytherin, a known enemy was always preferable to an unknown one, and Harry had underestimated just how bad Dumbledore actually was once, so it wasn’t going to happen again.

It was still a bad idea, but for his frayed nerves it was exceedingly tempting.

Mr. Malfoy is on the school board; he’d have access to Hogwarts. And he should be on the other side of this barrier for at least a little while, if he was just seeing Draco off…

Before he could think better of it, he pulled out a piece of parchment and unfortunately a muggle pen since it was faster than getting the ink and quill out, sketching out his message and giving to Hedwig who clipped it into her beak in surprise at the sudden task being given to her.

“Can you take this to Mr. Malfoy? He should just be on the other side of this barrier!” He patted the very solid brick wall behind him, and she blinked her wide yellow eyes once before taking off into the sky. Harry really wondered how exactly that worked but figured mail owls were magical like that.

Since he was really not in a state for people to actually see him, he quickly scrambled up and fixed his cart and trunk, folding Hedwig’s cage back into his back and going to a nearby bench to wait on an answer. He attempted to make sure his clothes and hair were okay but since he was in muggle clothes for now he figured it was a losing battle; Mr. Malfoy wasn’t going to be impressed for anything, especially since he was at the bare minimum not presenting a traditional pureblood wizard right now.

He didn’t need the man to like him though, just accept working with him this once.

Oh… I probably shouldn’t be thinking of him like Blaise or Draco… he’s like, a full grown Slytherin. He’ll be Draco but worse.

Harry mentally pictured a Draco who wasn’t as predictable and slightly clueless as he was and felt a tremor of unease slide down his spine. Maybe this wasn’t a great idea….

But no sooner had he thought that did a presence seem to materialize above him and his head snapped up, Mr. Malfoy looking at him with a more impressive version of Draco’s ‘I’m being polite but still looking down at you’ expression that seemed familiar if not also significantly scarier at this moment.

“Mr. Malfoy!” He greeted with a slight yelp, jumping to his feet and trying to be polite. “You got my letter… I’m so sorry about this but I didn’t know who else to call and I knew you’d be right there…” He trailed off, and luckily the man only raised one eerily silver eyebrow at him, which was appropriately judgmental but not like he was angry or disgusted about it, which was good.

“An intriguing situation for certain, I’ve never heard about anyone missing the train.” He intoned blankly, and Harry felt his cheeks color slightly, trying to stamp down on that quickly.

“W-well I thought I was here in plenty of time… I suppose my clock was slow or something, as the barrier was just a wall.” He attempted to explain, but if felt awkward on his tone.

“You ran into a wall?”

The dry tone made him blushed even harder. Okay this was probably a really bad idea. Maybe he should’ve taken the loss and waited for Hagrid.

“Ah… yes.” He admitted.

There was a really long pause as the man just looked at him and for the life of him Harry had no idea what he was thinking. It got awkward quickly as his mind raced through all the judgmental things the man could possibly be pondering at the weird twelve-year-old who was pretty much only in existence to screw up and get Draco in trouble from his fatherly perspective.

He wasn’t like Draco at all, Harry realized, he was much quieter and much more judgmental. Draco was too, but Draco could be swayed, Draco was secretly squishy inside with a prickly exterior that was all endearing bluster and flashy pompousness. Harry wasn’t even attempting to get into it with this man, he was far too intimidated right now, because he was suddenly incredibly aware that this man had no mushy center like his son did. Don’t know how he knew, but his instincts knew.

So it was a real shock when the man finally spoke after his long deliberation.

“Are you alright?”

Harry perked up, but kept his face blank. “Yes sir,” he chirped automatically. Seeing the man’s one lifted eyebrow though, he thought better of his lie immediately. It wasn’t like lying to Draco at all, it was like trying to lie to Snape but worse. Bad, bad idea—there was no way he’d get away with it as he was. “Or… I may have sprained my wrist.” He deflected quickly.

His wrist was sprained, so there was that. Not a lie.

“…well, there’s a floo on the platform, you can return to Malfoy Manor with me for a moment to get fixed up. I will write to the Headmaster and inform him; you’ll likely miss the feast, but you’ll be able to enjoy the night in your dorm.” The man seemed to accept it for now and briskly began walking, already commanding the plan of action like that is what they would be doing, and Harry knew better than to argue despite feeling a flush of uncertainty. The first time he was going to Draco’s house and Draco wasn’t even there? Talk about weird.

“Thank you sir.” Was all he said though, grabbing his trunk and following obediently, though he got super curious when Mr. Malfoy attempted to go back to the barrier. He couldn’t even wonder fully before the man touched the wall, and legitimate surprise flickered across his regal features. “Ah… doesn’t it close after the train leaves?” Harry asked curiously because he couldn’t help himself despite the awkward situation.

“It should remain open the entirety of the day the train is scheduled to come… today included.” Mr. Malfoy intoned in actual interest as he poked at the wall one more time just to be sure. “Most curious. Something must have gone wrong with it.” Grey eyes slid down to eye the boy beside him critically, causing Harry to feel acutely aware of the mess he probably was right then, though he managed to remain motionless despite it. “It is not anything you would be capable of, I’m sure. One cannot be late for the Hogwarts Express if you do not intend to miss it.”

“Oh.” He blinked, suddenly feeling a sense of relief that this wasn’t his fault. I mean he hadn’t thought it was, he’d just assumed this was something else terrible he’d encountered, as there was a lot of those encounters these days. In any case, it was still a relief that Mr. Malfoy personally wasn’t judging him too harshly for this now.

With a slight jolt he also realized probably not even Blaise would tease him about it if Mr. Malfoy agreed it was just an accident. Which said a lot about why Draco was so willing to hide behind his father’s name when they first started at Hogwarts—Harry hadn’t spent more than a minute total with the man in his life and he already just got it.

Maybe he should be easier on Draco…

“We can apparate then, although I expect it will be your first experience it with it, correct?” The man simply moved on briskly, and Harry paused. He knew of apparating but…

000

Apparating sucked.

Or, maybe it was side-along apparition.

Whatever it was, he was really trying not to be sick to his stomach despite there being nothing in there to lose at the moment in front of one Narcissa Malfoy, who greeted them in whatever formal hall-looking place they had suddenly appeared in. He barely heard Mr. Malfoy explain the situation in a brisk tone and then excuse himself, presumably to get in contact with Dumbledore as promised, which left him alone with Draco’s mom and also a broiling stomach that refused to settle down after that sudden shock.

He’d met her a couple brief times but now that he was fully alone with her and she was smiling politely at him, he really took her in. Draco definitely took after his father in terms of looks, but she had that silvery light blonde hair as if it were destined she’d marry a man with the same coloring, producing a son with hair so unnaturally pure blond it was kind of shocking. Her features were much more narrow and thin, even the tip of her nose and thin lips despite her gracious smile seemed sharp-edged somehow. Her eyes were also closer to green rather than the flat grey of her husband and son, and just like said husband there was a notable lack of warmth there too.

Her tone however, was everything generous and cordial and more.

“Well of course you’re welcome to stay here a while, I hope to have it cleared up quickly but it’s lovely to see you again Harry.” She greeted him.

She was very polite and her tone was either genuinely warm, or a perfect fake of it and the fact Harry legitimately could not tell which one it was kind of terrified him a bit.

“Thank you, Mrs. Malfoy, really.” He manage to get out although through his nausea and the whirlwind the day had been so far, he really hoped it sounded more level than he felt.

“Lucius said you hurt your wrist. Let’s get to that first,” She nodded sympathetically, raising her chin slightly. “Turel!” she called gently as if for someone in the next room.

With a gentle pop, a new figure appeared at Mrs. Malfoy’s side, and it was tiny and wearing a neat black tea towel like a formless dress, a silver symbol embroidered on the front that Harry didn’t recognize but could probably assume was the Malfoy family crest.

Not that Harry was looking at the crest too closely as he took a startled step back, a jolt shooting through him he couldn’t control for a split second.

Mrs. Malfoy blinked in surprise at his reaction but smiled in her warm-but-not sort of way to cover it. “This is Turel, she can look at your wrist and heal it up for you if it’s a simple sprain.” She explained, and seeing his face added in. “I am aware you were raised with muggles; Turel is a house elf. I believe you met Dobby?”

What a considerate thing to say, her acknowledging that he might not know what house elves were.

If only that was his problem.

He did not answer her.

He suddenly was physically not able to.

And the silence was very, very noticeable.

To the point the small house elf perked up, big bulbous eyes looking very concerned. “If the young master’s hand is hurt I can fixes it up right quick! There’ll be no pains at all!” Her voice was bright and clear as she tried to sooth him. Cheerful even.

Harry did not immediately move but pulled his aching wrist slightly closer to himself automatically, before realizing what he was doing and trying to relax. This elf… her tea towel or whatever she was wearing was very well kept and immaculately clean. There were no dirty bandages on her, not even a bruise on her vaguely-leather colored skin that he could see, and she seemed to hover closer to Mrs. Malfoy with no fear as if waiting for her next order. Or… waiting for Harry to let her complete her first order by healing him, but also sensing he would not react well if the tiny creature just walked up to him now.

He was so caught up in measuring the elf up, he missed the look on Mrs. Malfoy’s face, but then it was gone as she smoothed it clear once more.

“Turel is the best of the elves here with injures—she’ll be done in an instant and we can have some tea while we wait for Lucius to finish his business.” She moved fluidly, ushering them to the sitting area and guiding him to an extremely fancy looking couch which he sat down on for lack of other option. Before he could react Turel was at his knee and had two little hands opened questioningly at him, but very pointedly did not actually touch him without his permission which was...

He just held his breath and got over it, giving her his hand.

True to form in an instant the pain in his wrist completed disappeared, and in the next blink the little elf was six feet away bowing to both him and Lady Malfoy. “I’s get you tea right quick! Is earl grey alrighty ma’am?” She was cheerful to the point of casualness despite her words and careful to only look at her owner, not him, and Harry realized the little elf was trying to distract from the awkward exchange that had been.

He felt a little bad for being so stiff, she really only meant well.

“I believe that should be fine, if that’s well with you Harry?” Mrs. Malfoy sat in an ornate chair across the table and smiled blankly at him. He nodded quickly.

“Yes, thank you.” He paused only a second. “Thank you, Turel.” He added a bit quieter, and the little elf beamed at him before bowing low and disappearing with a tiny, puffing pop.

“Turel is by far my favorite, she already knows my preferences.” Lady Malfoy commented conversationally, bringing Harry’s attention back.

“Earl grey is Draco’s favorite too,” He recalled vaguely, before coloring a bit at her amused smile. Right… she definitely already knew that. “Thank you again, for having me. I really wasn’t sure what to do.”

“From my recollection, this has never happened before so I can’t exactly blame you for being baffled. As it is, calling Lucius was probably the wisest as we weren’t far.” She dismissed smoothly. “In any case you’re welcome here; I’m sure Draco will be most disappointed your first visit was while he’s out though. He was looking forward to today.”

Harry pointedly did not wince but managed to gather himself enough to give a plain smile. “Yeah I’m sad too, the train ride was fun last year.” He agreed. “I’m sure Draco is really worried, maybe I should write in our journal…”

Mrs. Malfoy raised one thin eyebrow. “He does seem to be rather nervous in that way.”

Harry abruptly wondered how much Draco actually told his parents and realized he should really double check that with his friend at the earliest he could. Until them maybe he should keep everything as neutral as possible…

“Well I am a ‘reckless Gryffindor’ like he says so I can’t exactly fault him,” He deflected and she smiled in interest back.

Turel chose that moment to pop back up, and she placed a tea tray with a full set of delicate china as well as some small sandwiches on the coffee table between them, pouring some cups and pushing the sugar and milk Harry’s direction since clearly the tiny creature already knew Narcissa’s preference of neither. Harry was distracted by awkwardly taking the cup he was given from Turel’s tiny hands and didn’t see the small card on her saucer that Mrs. Malfoy read, then slipped into her robe out of sight smoothly. By the time Harry looked up she was simply taking a sip and smiling politely at him before setting it back down on the table.

“Well, let’s not give Draco grey hairs too young; I’ll give you a moment to write to him while I check in on what Lucius is doing. It’ll only a take a moment,” She announced, standing and gliding from the room which caused Harry to startle a moment before realizing he should really take the opportunity.

He slipped out his journal, trying to ignore the wiggling sensation in the back of his mind that he’d missed something.

000

I really wish Draco were here, at least I could follow his lead, Harry thought wryly as he sat in yet another one of the Malfoy’s sitting rooms. Really, there had to be a dozen of them around the manor, as with every change of location they came back to yet another fancy sitting room with a different tray of tea following them if they needed it.

Mr. Malfoy did get in contact with Dumbledore, but apparently the Headmaster was actually at the ministry today so they couldn’t get approval to floo him into Hogwarts until later in the afternoon. Mrs. Malfoy said that was fine as they wouldn’t dare be so rude as to send him along without having him for lunch, and afternoon tea if it got that late too.

And so lunch and then a couple hours later afternoon tea they did have, although Mr. Malfoy didn’t join them for tea in favor of some other business he had going on. Lunch was interesting as there was almost no talking (which explained a lot; he’d never consciously noticed how little Draco said at meals as he preferred to leave Harry and Blaise bickering amongst themselves while he ate), compared to the hours Mrs. Malfoy spent entertaining him in which conversation was surprisingly easy and cordial considering this was his best friend’s parents and he’d never really met any parents beside the Dursleys and also his best friend wasn’t even here to mediate.

It would’ve actually been pretty nice if the entire time Harry’s instincts weren’t screaming at him that he was missing something. If Mrs. Malfoy’s plentiful conversation didn’t ring every alarm bell in Harry’s head as he tried not to give too much away to the incredibly talented Slytherin woman. He really wished Draco were here, because he had no idea if this was normal or if he was supposed to act like everything was okay or somehow let it be known he knew something else was going on to show he wasn’t actually a stupid Gryffindor or…

He was just really, really out of his depth right now, but all he could do was keep responding to the flow of conversation and hoped he wasn’t ruining something for Draco right now.

Luckily, Mrs. Malfoy seemed content to question him about Transfiguration since their small talk topics had brushed over both of their hobbies, hair since she had her own recommendations to prove on the topic, quidditch since she obviously knew a lot through Draco’s obsession, and then of course school where it became clear he had a favorite subject. She clearly already knew he was good at Transfiguration and was using his notes as trades, probably from Draco which wasn’t a bad thing, but she seemed genuinely interested in how good he was. Since Harry didn’t actually care much about getting to publish his work someday, he was happy to talk about duro and his paper for that with her (a common Slytherin might steal it just on principle but he didn’t actually care if she did, though he doubted she would bother), and she seemed well-versed enough on the topic for there to actually be an interesting discourse on it between them. He even told her about the book Draco gave him for Christmas and her eyes got a slightly terrifying glint as she asked to hear more.

And because it felt a little one-sided after quite a long time talking about his interests, he did ask after hers just to be polite although he half thought she’d just deflect him. He was very surprised then when she explained some of her own hobbies, including embroidery and tending to their pets—apparently they had a whole flock of white peacocks which she even took Harry to see, and they were actually very friendly for such large, regal birds.

He was even more impressed when she explained that while house elves couldn’t be given clothes as that was a sign of their dismissal, there was nothing against her embroidering their clothes for decoration which explained Turel’s tea towel. In fact Turel popped up just to show it off for him once more, and Harry had to admit it was gorgeous work.

Wizards didn’t really do things by hand if they could enchant a needle to do it on its own, so it was a surprise and actually really cool.

By the end of it all though, Harry also realized that while Mrs. Malfoy was a “stay at home Mom” (what did the Malfoy family need an actual income for, honestly?) her real profession, was hosting.

Harry was absolutely not the first nor the last to be given a tour of this manor or sit in one of the dozens of sitting rooms designed to host and entertain and distract from the gentle flow of conversation that was all just interesting, engaging small talk but was definitely going to be used like a weapon in her arsenal at a later date. She might not be after him specifically as he was here for a real reason and also she probably just wanted to get to know her son’s best friend, but that didn’t change the fact Harry knew anyone invited to tea at Malfoy manor would be given the same treatment and the conversation would be far more dangerous.

She acted like this was all just killing time while waiting on her husband to ‘finish his business’, but she was commanding this show and Harry had a feeling Mr. Malfoy would only appear again when his wife was good and ready for her entertainment to be done.

To be frank, he was really impressed.

And also terrified. Draco looked like his dad but holy shit the longer he sat across from Mrs. Malfoy the more he saw Draco’s future and if that wasn’t terrifying he didn’t know what was.

It was quite a bit after afternoon tea that Turel popped in again, and Mrs. Malfoy paused in her explanation of how they’d started to breed the peacocks to lean over and let the small elf whisper something in her ear. Harry was suspicious, but not nearly as much as he was when the woman sat up again and gave him a smile that iced him to his core.

It was like a snake who’d gotten it’s catch, triumphant and commanding and he would’ve run if her sharp eyes didn’t pin him to his seat cushion pointedly as Turel popped away again to leave Harry to his fate.

“Harry, I’m afraid I’ve deceived you, although do believe me it was with good intentions.” She announced, and he got really, really worried.

“Ma’am?” He blinked in alarm.

Her smile could’ve cut ice as she brushed down the front of her robes briskly. “Turel informed me when she tended to your wrist that it wasn’t the only injury you have on you. I asked you to stay for tea because I’ve also summoned our family healer to see to you more thoroughly.” She inclined her head gracefully towards him. “And you will not resist.”

He broke out into a cold sweat, but still couldn’t move. How did she do that?

“Ma’am I… that’s too kind and I appreciate it, but I’m fine. I’ll manage, rather.” He quickly corrected himself as her eyes narrowed darkly. Right… another full grown Slytherin, and probably more dangerous when it came to words than anyone else he’d ever met.

“You only told Lucius about your wrist because it would impair your ability to write in the coming days of classes.” She put together while totally ignoring his comment, smirking in a pleased way. “Very clever, as it soothed our suspicions and got you what you needed, while still guarding your appearance of strength. I approve of the tactic, if even I’m displeased you attempted to lie to me.”

He swallowed thickly, not liking how cornered he was but not quite being able to do anything about it.

“A lie of omission, ma’am.” He cut back a little shortly, and her eyebrows raised in surprise.

But her smile was definitely pleased. He wasn’t really used to looks like that, but for some reason it felt kind of… flattering?

“Do try and teach my son some of that subtly, young man.” She hummed a bit wryly, standing and brushing her skirts down. “Turel?” She called, and the drawing room door opened revealing the elf leading in a woman about Lady Malfoy’s age if not maybe slightly older. She had on dark grey robes with a red symbol on her chest Harry didn’t recognize, dirty blonde hair pulled back in a French braid and light hazel eyes stern, but still way warmer than Mrs. Malfoy’s.

“Lady Malfoy,” The woman greeted, setting a black bag down on the couch and nodding to him as well. “And you must be Harry Potter.”

“This is Anastasia Ludwig, she’s a healer at St. Mungos and also our personal physician.” Mrs. Malfoy introduced them before turning to the woman directly. “I did deceive him about why he was here though; he didn’t know you were coming until just now I’m afraid.”

The woman grinned, seeming highly amused. “Ha! This should be fun then, eh?” She looked at him, and Harry could only stare.

“I really-”

“You wouldn’t waste an old woman’s time by dragging me all the way out here for nothing, would you kid?” Anastasia interrupted, coming around the table to point in his face. Before he could respond she cut him off again. “I’ve treated my fair share of Gryffindors so I’m not taking no for an answer.”

He scowled openly, her tone rubbing him the wrong way and throwing out the mask of politeness he’d been wearing the whole day so far. “Can you do that!?”

“You’re not the one paying me, are you?” She countered with a tease, and Harry felt horrified as he glanced over her shoulder to see Mrs. Malfoy smiling way too much as she turned without another word.

“Do let me know if I can get you anything, Anastasia. Turel as well can assist, just call.”

“Of course Ma’am,” She waved her employer off, and then Harry was alone with a healer and not happy about it at all.

“This has to be illegal!” Harry jumped up and tried to back away from the couch, but the woman had a hand on the back of his sweater and pulled him back gently, but with surprising strength. He blinked in shock as he was suddenly back on the couch, not sure how that had happened.

“There’s no law about it, and if you doubt me then trust that Mrs. Malfoy would’ve checked.” She pointed out and Harry froze, realizing the horrible truth in that statement. He scowled again.

“The wizarding world sucks!”

The woman tossed back her head in an uproarious laugh. “You said it kid! Okay, let’s cut a deal if you’ll listen a second.”

“What?” He demanded warily.

“You let me treat you, and I won’t tell Mrs. Malfoy you were being an uncooperative brat.”

Harry balked. “How is that a deal!?”

“Well you’re not getting out of this and this way you have a choice. One makes your life easy and the other will make your life a living hell. Deals are all about choices so you don’t have to take it, I’m just warning you.” She grinned a bit evilly.

“That doesn’t feel much like a choice!” He shot back wildly. “What would you do if I refused!?”

“Stun you and run some diagnostic spells anyway, then go tattle on you to Lady Malfoy. Sound good?” And suddenly there was a wand inches from his nose he had to go cross-eyed to see. Okay… that wasn’t good at all.

Also, he felt a little light-headed from having a wand pointed directly into his face. To say it didn’t bring up great memories was an understatement.

And just like that, the wand dropped and the woman took a step away, a surprised look flickering across her face as she backed off. “You good kid?” Her flippancy evaporated in a puff, legitimate concern sinking into her voice.

Harry didn’t know what expression he had on, but by the way his heart was beating and his hearing was a little muffled it probably wasn’t good.

What was he supposed to say to that though? NO he wasn’t good, why did she think pointing a wand at him would in any way make him feel good!?

He didn’t like being cornered, he really really didn’t like being cornered.

The healer seemed to get it and instantly backed off, now on the other side of the chair Narcissa had recently vacated, putting her wand on the seat cushion and putting her hands up. “Hey, kid… Harry—I didn’t mean it, I’m a bit of an oaf like that but I’m not actually gonna stun you, I just get a lot of tough kids to deal with. Draco is your friend, right? I’ve treated him his whole life, used to have to threaten hanging him by his toes from the tree outside to get him to sit still most days.” She let out a smooth flow of words at an even tone, and Harry couldn’t help but imagine a tiny Draco being an even tinier brat than he currently was for this rather gruff woman, and against his will found it a bit amusing.

“And my own daughter, she’s several years older than you but when she was Hogwarts age I used to have to bribe her with Bertie’s Botts to get her to let me even check if she had a cold or a flu, but then of course inevitably she’d have neither and just have eaten a bunch of sugar while I’m trying to get her to go to bed, so, yeah I’m a great mother if you couldn’t tell.” She continued babbling slowly, and as Harry’s hearing became normal he collected himself enough to give her a frown.

“Well then what would you do if I didn’t let you check me over then?” He demanded.

Her lips pressed tight for a second before blowing out a breath of air in annoyance. “The fact you reacted like you did to a wand in your face means that’s not an option, and I’m sorry kid but it isn’t. I will do it your way though.”

“My way?” He blinked.

“Sure,” She agreed like it was easy, staring at him expectantly. He just had no idea what she was expecting from him exactly.

“And what… is my way? Because my way is not doing it at all.”

She gave a little huff and pointedly walked over to a chair adjacent from her wand—still a distance away from him and also out of range of grabbing said weapon—and plopping down on it, making a show of getting comfy. She waved her hand at him generously. “It means I can sit here all day and do as little or as much as you’d like me to. I could explain everything I’m going to do and take as long as you want to do it… but you know, I still have to do it. There’s just no time limit.”

He frowned, but she didn’t even blink at his annoyance, just shifted in her seat to get comfier and stretched a bit in a show of nonchalance.

He didn’t like the lack of choice here, and to be frank he didn’t like her. She was loud, and blunt, and grabby. She was also here on Mrs. Malfoy’s dime and didn’t seem to care about him, just her job.

The logical part of his brain said she wasn’t evil because she wanted to tend to a kid, but at the same time her execution was horrible. Her attitude even worse.

And because he was still kind of shaken by this whole horrible day, he didn’t feel the need to care about her.

“I don’t like you.” He declared flatly.

“Dually noted.” She nodded once, entirely unphased. “I do apologize for startling you, but as I said I’m a bit of an oaf.”

For some reason he didn’t even like that she freely admitted that either despite him totally agreeing with that statement, and just scowled harder.

He had to think, because he wanted out of here, but this healer was not his only obstacle. She was an obstacle, but she was here because Mrs. Malfoy had called her and then kept him here all afternoon to corner him, which meant this was not the only thing his host had been hiding. She definitely knew how to keep him here indefinitely if he refused to be treated, and he instinctively knew this Anastasia woman was not joking in that she’d sit here as long as it took for him to give.

It was just childish to wait it out, and while really tempting he wasn’t that low. He’d love to waste her time just to be annoying, but that also meant wasting his time and he really did want to make it to Hogwarts to sleep in a comfy four poster bed tonight, not the cold Malfoy manor filled with snakes (who were not nearly so cuddly as Draco).

Even if he convinced her out of this, he’d then have to convince Mrs. Malfoy to help him get to Hogwarts without getting her way, and as he knew nothing about healer Anastasia and would probably give it a shot just to see if it worked, at the prospect of trying to beat Lady Malfoy at her own game he suddenly got really depressed.

He really hated being trapped.

And he suddenly just wanted Draco here. He wanted him to yell at his mom for him to take them back to Hogwarts this minute, and he was so spoiled she’d probably give in. He wanted to be back in the Gryffindor dorm. He wanted Neville in the bed next to him wishing him a goodnight and for this entire terrible day to just be over already.

His jaw ground hard against itself.

I want Draco, he thought helplessly. Childishly, even.

But… it occurred to him with a deep sinking feeling in his chest, that even if Draco were here… he’d tell him to give in and listen to the healer. That if a healer wanted to look over him, there must be a good reason, and Draco wouldn’t let him leave any sooner than Mrs. Malfoy would.

But at least Draco would be HERE to tell that to my face.

He bit down hard on that thought, trying not to let it break him.

He turned sharply and walked to the other end of the room. He knew he couldn’t leave and so did Healer Anastasia, so she didn’t comment or move, just watched him carefully as he went to the window and looked down at the fields where the peacocks were grazing peacefully for a minute. He half wanted to break something, but he knew all the fancy decoration in here was probably ungodly expensive, or just simply cursed so he held back. Angry as he was with Mrs. Malfoy, he didn’t want to break Draco’s house even though he knew his friend likely didn’t give a shit about the figurines on the tables.

This sucks.

He complained silently, wishing against hope that at least Hedwig were here because this sucked.

He did not appreciated being cornered, and to his silent horror he found his hand in his pocket around his wand a bit too tightly, running through all the spells he’d learned over the past couple weeks for something that could help him. But… that was such a bloody Gryffindor thing to do, to think he could fight his way out of here.

He couldn’t, and despite now having a vow to no longer be helpless, all the magic in the world didn’t protect him from this kind of shit.

For the first time he found himself legitimately not liking Slytherins because why couldn’t they just let him be? Slytherins his age he could handle, but these adults were like every other adult in his life apart from McGonagall (who was a blessed lion and wouldn’t do this to him, thank god) and he did not like how his heart was slowly sinking into something too close to anger and hate for his liking. He hadn’t felt this way since last Christmas standing in front of that thrice-damned mirror, and he loathed feeling this way.

And he was just so annoyed because while he could not like healer Anastasia all he wanted, Mrs. Malfoy was Draco’s mom. He couldn’t exactly show up to breakfast tomorrow and tell his best friend his mom was a bitch, even if in this situation he was really starting to think it. He didn’t want to hate his best friend’s mom, because he didn’t want to be the kind of guy who hated anyone and also that would just be so complicated and troublesome it wasn’t worth it, despite it not being so easy to control his emotions right now.

I need to calm down. I need to get out of here, and get to Hogwarts.

He had a wild urge to just toss himself out the window in front of him and hope he wasn’t conscious enough to deal with the consequences of that, before shaking his head rapidly.

I really need to get to Hogwarts and chill out. What am I even doing right now?

He tried to evaluate his options calmly like he had earlier at the train station, but even his most creative, wild solutions quickly petered out in the fact of the harsh reality that Mrs. Malfoy was definitely going to get her way. As much as it sucked, the only way he’d get to Hogwarts as quickly as possible was to cooperate and then never come back. Logically this would be okay and cornered or not he didn’t have a choice.

He had to get to Hogwarts, and fastest way was to just grit his teeth and get this over with—and hope it didn’t last long.

His jaw clenched and he tried to will himself to turn around and just get it over with. Like ripping a Band-Aid off. Just do it.

He suddenly remembered what he still had in his pocket, and slipped a hand in there to wrap around a small, warm stone that’d been sitting there since this morning. His fingers traced around the runes etched into it, before he gripped it as hard as he could to try and force his agitation from his body and into the stone itself.

I need one of these for wizards, he thought for the second time today. And maybe house elves too, he tacked on as well because Turel was nice and all but if they could stop popping up on him that’d be great.

Before he could change his mind he turned around and walked back, healer Anastasia looking up casually as if asking silently if he was ready. He glared at her for all he was worth but annoyingly enough it didn’t seem to have any effect.

“Fine. Whatever. What are you going to do.” He ground out flatly, and she huffed.

“I’m not going to torture you, you know. It’s literally just a couple of diagnostics spells and then I’ll fix whatever I find. Lady Malfoy tells me you ran into a wall today, so sorry about that.” She pointed out calmly.

He hated her, like a lot.

“Please just do it so I can get out of here.” He even managed to sound calm as he said it, but the words were enough to get his point across as the woman just nodded once and stood up, grabbing her wand pointedly and coming over to him.

“As I said, just a diagnostic spell to start off. Shouldn’t feel a thing, though the wand movement is a bit crazy.” She explained, jumping right into it by waving it in all sorts of ways Harry didn’t recognize. In fact he just looked down at the forgotten tea tray on the coffee table to ignore her motions.

That was, until he heard her inhale a bit and tried not to show how tense he was in his posture.

“…kid, I think you damn well know what that spell just revealed to me. Although it does explain why you’re so not into this.” She lowered her wand and put a hand on the back of her neck, seeming to be a bit conflicted.

“Not at all ma’am.” He ground out stiffly. “Do magical healers have patient confidentiality?”

She gave him a look but answered anyway.

“Yes, however I’m paid by the Malfoys and my morals are not so stringent as that I won’t disregard that rule and tell Mrs. Malfoy everything she wants to know. Unlike muggle doctors I won’t lost my license over it, but perhaps be given a small fine I’m sure Mrs. Malfoy would be only too happy to pay in exchange for my loyalty. And may I remind you Mr. Malfoy is a barrister when it suits him to be one.” She pointed out, and he scowled automatically.

Damn rich purebloods. Wait, I’m one of those aren’t I? No—half-blood, I’m going to consider that not counting.

Still, he had a suspicion of what she saw and if he could just keep that not public knowledge…

Healer Anastasia gave him a rather sympathetic look, if not also kind of amused in a way that set Harry off. She was so freaking annoying.

“You sure you’re not in Slytherin? I haven’t seen a calculating face like that since my own daughter when she was young. Eventually she learned to hide it better.”

He glared hard at her and she put her hands up on mock surrender.

“Face it, you’ve don’t have anything to trade for my silence. Besides, you should not have to keep this quiet in the first place, whatever it is. You’re what, twelve?” She didn’t even acknowledge his glare, rubbing the back of her neck again as the conflicted look came back. “To be honest I wasn’t planning on needing to do anything besides healing some bruises when I heard about the wall thing. This complicates things a bit.”

“What are you going to do?” He demanded and she sighed, tapping her wand against he thigh distractedly as she thought.

“Okay, let’s start with the things you probably know about. You’re malnourished.” She declared bluntly, and while hearing it officially was… a thing, he wasn’t shocked. Seeing his not-shocked face, she continued. “You will need potions to correct this, I can ask Turel to bring some pretty quickly to get you started but you’ll need to take a regimen for the next couple weeks to fix what’s been done, and I would suggest complying even if you hate me. The vitamin deficiencies are already impacting your brain and will only get worse with time as it’ll be all but impossible for your body to naturally catch back up to where it once was without treatment—you want to be a good student right? It might help if your brain was healthy enough to retain information and process it correctly, hm?”

That was bad news, but he wasn’t stupid, so he just nodded curtly instead of arguing. “Fine. What else—what I don’t know then.”

She gave a put-upon sigh but didn’t keep him in suspense.

“Some minor things I can clear up right now with a couple non-intrusive spells: you have two residual blocks on your magical core. It looks like something that used to be there, but your core grew too big and broke it off, which is impressive by the way for someone so young, but it raises a big question about why they were there in the first place. One is a normal parental block that should’ve been removed, although I can guess how that one was overlooked, but the other I don’t recognize at all.”

“Parental block?”

“Infants can still perform accidental magic; it’s normal for parents to put tiny blocks on their children’s magic to prevent total chaos although it’s usually removed once you get your Hogwarts letter.” She explained, looking legitimately sympathetic, bordering on pity actually. He wouldn’t been annoyed if the realization of how that could’ve been so easily overlooked didn’t make his heart ache so fiercely.

It was… difficult, or more difficult than it used to be, to shelf that heart ache for late as he tried to refocus on the more critical part of this information she was giving him.

“And this other block is not normal?”

“Not necessarily, blocks are applied all the time for various reasons in children so it’s quite common, but all blocks should be documented in your medical file just as diligently as broken bones or the like. Before I came over I checked St. Mungos but there’s no entry there since the check-up on your first birthday where you got all your magical immunizations. The next big event was you surviving the killing curse and I can’t believe you didn’t see a healer after that, but that record is not there. It wouldn’t be impossible that it was done off the book given the extreme circumstance, and that might be related to this unknown block for some reason since it was such a unique situation, but it leaves holes in your medical record—especially since the rest of your medical history was likely a muggle one. Creating a more concrete file will be difficult.”

“And you want to create that file.” He put together.

She shrugged. “It would be helpful, yeah. Madam Pomfrey retains your Hogwarts file, but they don’t get merged into your St. Mungos one until you graduate unless something prompts merging them early, and if she’ll be treating you at school and you don’t have a normal family physician right now, it’d be a professional courtesy for if I did the ground work now. If you got a family healer and they saw I checked you over but didn’t question your missing history while living in the muggle world, my reputation would take a serious hit you know as that’s just unprofessional.” She defended herself, and he couldn’t fault the logic. Especially since it was self-serving logic—people doing things because it benefitted them was a lot more believable then that they were doing it out of the kindness of their heart if you weren’t Neville.

Since he was fairly confident she was telling the truth, he softened just slightly enough to offer his own truth too.

“Well then I guess it’d be… helpful to know that I never did see a muggle doctor except for my immunizations. The muggle ones. And the hospital treated me outright when I broke my arm once as a kid.” He offered grudgingly, recalling the time he’d fallen off a ladder gardening and Petunia had caved and actually taken him to the hospital to get it treated. They were horrible people but him having that blatantly broken an arm would’ve alerted people as he was still in school and it was again his writing hand—also it impacted his ability to do chores which was inconvenient for them.

Healer Anastasia got a funny look on her face—not quite annoyance but close.

“It doesn’t shock me. But that’s very much not good—it means I’m the first person to examine you officially since you were one. Not good at all.”

Like he didn’t already know that. He didn’t dignify it with an answer as he pushed. “Anything else?” He demanded shortly and she tapped her wand against her thigh distractedly again.

“Yeah, but it’s the oddest thing so I wasn’t going to make a huge fuss just yet until I know more. You also have several poorly healed fractures that seem to be pretty old—older than this malnutrition issue for certain, and that have definitely been treated before, just not fully. It’s odd, as if you’d had them at Hogwarts and were ever in the same room as Madam Pomfrey she definitely would’ve noticed them.”

Wait what? Fractures?

He’d sprained his wrists and ankles and such, just a side effect of growing up with your own personal bully in the same house, but he couldn’t remember a time he’d actually broken something and just had to deal with it aside from this recent incident with his wrist. Vernon had roughed him up a couple times this summer but he definitely hadn’t broken anything until his wrist, he was sure. Shocking as it was he hadn’t even broken anything with the Quirrell incident, which left…

“I mean I was almost crushed by a troll last year—would the fractures come from that?” He blurted out almost without thinking, because mystery fractures was enough of an alarm for him to forget he didn’t like this lady.

And Anastasia seemed to do a double take at his sudden confession, blinking widely.

“What was a troll doing at Hogwarts?”

“Um… long story short, Dumbledore hired a really, really bad Defense Professor.” He shrugged once unhelpfully, and she scowled instantly.

“The position is cursed, and everyone knows it. No teacher lasts more than a year in that role, I’m not sure why the batty old coot hasn’t done anything about it.” She half ranted in irritation, and Harry blinked at that bit of information. Not that the role was cursed because everyone knew that, but more that even adults her age knew it and that she wasn’t a Dumbledore fan.

Okay… she earned one point for not liking the headmaster, but that was it.

“What bones did you break then?” She got down to business and may he was feeling a bit more generous now that he could at least determine she didn’t like Dumbledore, which was always a great thing to him.

“Ah, all my ribs I think, and definitely my shoulder.”

She frowned deeply, seeming troubled. “When you say crushed…?”

“It grabbed me, yeah. And squeezed.”

Instead of pity she clearly was just thinking it was impressive he was alive, which he kind of liked.

“Well, actually yes those are the bones I was talking about. If Madam Pomfrey healed you after that incident though, there is no reason they shouldn’t have healed entirely the week after it happened, unless something else was going on. I suppose the lack of nutrition in recent months might’ve contributed to them resurfacing if you had a magical core deficiency or something, but other than that it’s a brain-scratcher for one.” She pressed her lips as if trying to figure out a complicated puzzle, tapping her wand distractedly again, but her words send an alarm bell off in his head.

Harry had heard someone he trusted a lot more than this woman talk about his magical core before and felt obligated to ask.

“Wait, magical core deficiency? What is that?”

“Sometimes those with weaker magical cores can suffer health problems if they’re not careful. As if your magic is a reservoir that can only do so many things at once—if they use it to cast spells then it’s not being used to heal themselves.” Healer Anastasia explained easily. “Madam Pomfrey uses a refined style of magical healing; she’s one of the most accomplished at it amongst the medical field in fact so everyone is aware of it. Essentially her style focuses on using one’s own internal magic to heal themselves instead of her using her own energy, which allows her to heal many people at once without faltering. It’s a tricky method only few insanely trained and practiced medical professionals can actually do, which is why some still call her a battle medic—she could heal a whole battlefield of people without breaking a sweat in her glory days, so I’ve heard.” She grinned at that last part and Harry blinked widely in awe—he hadn’t realized Pomfrey was so… well, bad ass.

Also Neville instincts might’ve been right on point to be terrified of her. Huh.

Anastasia continued, amused at his probably visible awe. “With this method though, the only drawback is if someone had a small magical core. Then their magic reserve wouldn’t be enough to heal them—it might start to while under the care of a healer, but if discharged too early under the assumption they’d heal the rest of the way on their own, that healing process might never actually finish.” She put her hand on her hip, giving him a dry look. “That’s the only possibility but to be frank, but a small magical core is the least of your issues, and the Madam would know that taking one look at you. You’re a Potter, and you inherited their reputable magical core in full strength I’d say. I know no small number of adults with a smaller core than you’ve got at twelve years old, to be blunt.”

He wanted to get annoyed at her tone again and that barn joke resurfacing again, but he was too distracted by McGonagall’s voice in the back of his head, and the sinking feeling he had that she was going to get pissed when she learned about this—if, indeed, it was going where he thought it was.

“Well… ah, I mean, not to be presumptuous or anything, but I…may be a Transfiguration prodigy? I mean… by the end of last year I’d actually reached almost fourth-year level spells. Professor McGonagall had a heart attack when she realized how far ahead I was and gave me a lecture on stressing my core out herself.”

The healer in front of him stared.

“…is that… bad?”

She continued to stare for a long couple seconds, before blinking and placing hand on top of her own head as if trying to keep up with what was racing through her head.

“It’s… impressive, to be honest, and also extremely alarming. If you were… yeah, if you were actually using high level magic for your age all year… then actually, yes, that might be it. Madam Pomfrey probably discharged you and assumed you’d finish healing using your own magical core since clearly you had the capacity for it, but you were using up your whole core elsewhere so that never happened.” She blinked as if shocked she’d come to her own conclusion. “It probably looked normal right up until you started showing signs of malnutrition and then the half-way magical healing started coming through when your normal levels of calcium suddenly plummeted. Christ that’s unlucky…” She seemed dazed for a moment before snapping out of it and giving him a wide look.

“I am definitely writing the Madam—she was one of my trainers in school so she’ll flay me and heal me herself if I let you go back without warning her! You will not be permitted to use a single spell until she’s confirmed you’re 100% healed, if it’s the last thing I do, understand? And I don’t mean to boss you around or whatever but messing with a young magical core—particularly one as big as yours—is a super bad idea. Like, you could blow up, understand? I am so serious now, please tell me you understand.” She all but begged and it creeped him out enough that he just put his hands up.

“Fine yeah, alright—whatever. I mean, can you not do it now?” He wondered and she rubbed the back of her neck as if embarrassed.

“To be honest, magical core healing is best left to those who specialize in it or at least have the mastery, and the Madam is one of them. It’s why she’s the healer for Hogwarts, since children all have developing magical cores to look after.”

He blinked, again impressed by Madam Pomfrey if not slightly alarmed that that would even have to be a consideration. Then again, given his own life experiences, maybe it was good that was one of the rare good rules the wizarding world had.

“I’ll have to catch up with her anyway, to touch base on the potions regimen you’ll need. In fact,” She plopped down on the chair again, pulling out a note pad from her bag and a self-inking quill apparently as she scribbled something out. “Turel!”

A simple call and the elf popped up again, Harry automatically stiffening but giving Turel a blank smile when the movement caught her eye. The tiny creature beamed at him in greeting as she was handed a slip of paper.

“I need you to fetch these potions if you could; I believe Lady Malfoy said she’d foot the bill if we needed anything.” She winked once and the elf gave a tiny squeak.

“Yes ma’am!” She chirped, and then was gone without a sound.

“Alright, so you said you wanted it done fast so how about I take a look at those blocks of yours? It’ll take a bit longer but sooner we start, sooner it’s over, yeah?” She stood again, wand now pointedly aimed at the ground and Harry tensed but just blew out a breath to steady himself.

“Fine.”

“Might want to sit, it’ll take several minutes and works best if you’re relaxed.” She explained, raising a brow at him. “And you don’t look relaxed in any way.”

With a flare of annoyance he dropped himself back onto the couch and crossed his arms. Luckily she didn’t seem to care about the display of reluctance and just gently raised her wand from a distance to wave it in another incredibly complex pattern before swaying it gently side to side as blue mist seemed to fog out from it’s tip in gentle wisps. They gathered in the air and landed over him—he didn’t feel a thing before getting this weird taste of itchy vanilla at the back of his throat.

“So… about that malnutrition thing, since we’ve now established it’s a thing and are going to fix it.” She suddenly broke the silence and he frowned.

“Don’t you need to concentrate?”

“Not really—hard part is over, and it takes a while to do it gently but doesn’t need much thought on my end.” She flashed him a teasing grin as the gentle arcs of her wand continued while she spoke. “So while we wait why don’t you answer my implication there.”

“Sorry, I’m a dumb Gryffindor— I didn’t catch the implication.” He droned sarcastically and she snorted in amusement.

“That’s funny.” She acknowledged. “But as much as I want to be gentle, I think you’d appreciate the honesty more. If I don’t get my answers, Mrs. Malfoy will. Do you really want to get into that?”

No, she’s kind of terrifying, he admitted silently to himself.

“What exactly is it you’re looking for.”

“You lost an incredible amount of weight in an extremely short amount of time. Either you weren’t eating of your own volition or someone was keeping food from you.”

“I didn’t starve myself,” He was automatically defensive, before he suddenly realized that was basically admitting to it.

Shit.

“Which means I need to ask where you’ve been this past summer, because I know you had three square meals of arguable too-fatty foods at the castle. Hogwarts meals are bloody delicious.” Healer Anastasia didn’t so much as twitch at his inadvertent admission, just continuing her rhythmic wand movements as the air danced with the slow-moving wisps of curling blue smoke. Harry tried to ignore it all as his mind raced for what to say, but really just came up blank.

“If it makes you feel any better, it occurs to me that Lady Malfoy might already know.” She continued when he was just silent for a couple seconds too long.

“What?” He shifted a bit uncomfortably in his seat, and she elaborated.

“I must be thick as all hell, because it didn’t occur to me at the time why the Lady would want me to come in on such short notice, nor the hefty fee I got paid to be here and not telling anyone back at St. Mungos I was going anywhere but taking some personal time this afternoon.” She confessed, and Harry perked up. “I mean she’s done it before—a lot of pureblood families pay healers under the table for house visits, and then even more to keep it quiet. No need to let others know they might be having moments of weakness or whatever if they come down with a cold or something stupid. And I mean everyone gets sick, even the scariest of snakes so they like to keep their bases covered like that.”

With a smile then. “It didn’t strike me as weird until you got cagey about a wand in your face that what is weird is that I got this call for someone outside the family. If it were just running into a wall, Turel would’ve fixed it with a snap—the fact they called in a real healer meant it wasn’t just that and I’m an idiot for not realizing sooner. Sorry about that.”

Even her apologies annoyed him, but he couldn’t exactly do anything but sit here and do nothing while he waited for her to finish her work.

But reluctantly, he understood what she was getting at.

“You’re saying Mrs. Malfoy knew.” He had a sinking feeling, but in an odd way it did make him feel a little better. Healer Anastasia wouldn’t be spilling his secrets if she told Mrs. Malfoy about his malnutrition and the blocks and all that—hell even the magical core thing, they’d already talked enough Transfiguration with her this afternoon that if she were to have enough pieces to put it together on her own then he himself had already done that earlier in the day. He wasn’t actually going to lose any ground after this… if Mrs. Malfoy kept her trap shut. Then the only secrets he’d lost would be to these two women, and then probably Pomfrey and he liked Pomfrey more so he could live with that at least.

He wasn’t thrilled that he’d already blown his cover without ever even knowing it’d been blown, but at least this wasn’t the moment it had happened. It was indeed kind of a comfort to know he hadn’t messed up—he’d never had a chance in the first place.

Which wasn’t a nice thought, but it did make him feel better about this one particular thing. It was going to be a problem he’d have to figure out a way to fix as quickly as possible, but it wasn’t a today problem, at least.

And the more he could shove his problems off for future-him to deal with, the better. He had enough going on, thanks.

“So.” Anastasia continued. “I’m a Slytherin, Lady Malfoy’s a Slytherin, you probably should’ve been in Slytherin… let’s not beat around the bush and pretend we don’t all know already. I admit I’m apparently the slowest one here but now I’ve caught up and if you don’t tell me, that’s fine.” She gave him a pitying look. “Lady Malfoy will get what she wants in the end… or you could maybe just be honest with me as a healer and I’ll give her enough to satisfy her without having her on your back for the next several months?”

He gave her a withering scowl. “Where was that deal ten minutes ago?”

“Hey, I just said I’m slow on the uptake, give me a break.” She shrugged, going back to her rhythmic wand swaying and letting him mull the offer over.

Eventually, he figured a bone probably wouldn’t hurt and if it held off Mrs. Malfoy from coming after him, the better.

“Alright then. My… relatives.” She looked questioningly at him and he huffed. “I was with them over the summer. They’re not fond of magic.”

Most underrated statement of the year so far.

“And that relates to you not eating this summer because…”

He ground his teeth together but chose his words carefully anyway. “I didn’t know about the magical world before my letter because they hated it so much. So, when I went to Hogwarts it was kind of… ‘if I don’t talk about it, they won’t acknowledge it’, kind of thing. Only… when I got back this summer there was an… incident.”

“They saw you using magic?” She raised her brows in interest. “S’against the rules, you know.” He could tell she was trying to keep it light by teasing him, but really the reminder only made his mood sink a few levels. Yeah, he knew it was against the rules, thanks for bringing it up again.

He really didn’t like her.

“It was accidental.” He tried to defend himself, but to his embarrassment his voice came out much quieter than intended.

Her wand didn’t stop but her expression paused as she looked down at him in surprise. “Accidental magic? At your age, after going to Hogwarts for a year?”

“Yeah,” he confessed gruffly. “Is that a problem?”

“I dunno, it’s so out of left field I’ve never heard of such a thing to know if it was bad or not.” She admitted, raising her eyes back to her wand movements as if thinking that over. “I’ll be mentioning that to Madam Pomfrey too, because it’s probably related to your magical core and she’ll need all the details. Back to what you were saying though, you had a bout of accidental magic and I bet your magic-hating relatives weren’t so thrilled with that.”

He winced automatically, hoping she didn’t notice. If she did, she didn’t twitch from where her expression as watching her wand movements carefully.

“No, they weren’t.” He admitted in a subdued way.

Anastasia gave a thoughtful hum.

“So… they just didn’t let you eat for it? As a punishment or whatnot?”

“I was grounded,” He got out, hoping the grinding of his teeth didn’t make it sound too weird. “So I missed some meals for it, yeah.”

It wasn’t a lie.

Not technically.

By the way she was humming, she seemed to be able to figure out how much he was editing anyway, but for once did the decent thing and didn’t push.

“So at what point were you not grounded anymore? As in how many weeks or days ago did you get back on track with normal meals?” She asked and since it kind of sounded more like a medical question than the previous probing ones he answered it a bit easier.

“About three weeks ago, or so.”

She just hummed again, and they fell into blissful silence as she continued her work.

It was as the blue mist was starting to fade and Harry sensed they were coming to an end of whatever she was doing, that she spoke again.

“You know, students are absolutely allowed to use magic if their lives are in danger. The rule is there to protect budding magical cores, and also prevent chaos of muggleborn children using magic out in the muggle world where it’s slightly harder to regulate it, but like any weapon it’s meant for self defense particularly when it comes to the defense of children. Yeah you might still get in trouble initially because bureaucracy and all that nonsense, but to get it overturned would be easy, especially if you have a healer vouching that it was necessary.” She finally lowered her wand, the mist disappearing, and he watched her warily as she caught his eye.

“You don’t like me, but I’d vouch for you if you needed.”

He didn’t like her and he did not even want to think about this right now. So he wasn’t going to.

“Anything else?” he demanded, and she sighed loudly.

“Yikes, such a testy one.” She complained to no one. “No, other than that you’re fine. Once Turel gets back I’ll tell Lady Malfoy you want to get out of here quick as you can—happy now?”

“No.” He deadpanned, and annoyingly enough she just chuckled at him. It also occurred to him suddenly that she had not once mentioned a thing about say… a certain curse that Pomfrey told him he’d be feeling aftershocks from for months yet. He certainly did not feel much better than he had at the end of June, so it was weird healer Anastasia hadn’t brought it up.

Or noticed? Was it possible she hadn’t noticed?

She had implied Madam Pomfrey was really, really good at what she did… maybe she’d been able to pick up on something that the normal healer wouldn’t normally notice.

He was ripped from his thoughts by a tiny puffing pop sounding in front of him, and Turel was back with a tiny bag of potions cradled between her arms, setting them on the coffee table between them.

He barely listened as she handed them to him in order and he just downed them, not even caring about the taste although they were definitely worse than calming draughts, ignoring the taste and gruesome textures in hope the faster he got them down, the faster this would be over with.

000

Neville was sitting on his bed in Gryffindor tower, late after the welcoming feast with Ron already snoring and staring at the glowing white owl on the windowsill.

Harry hadn’t been on the train. Malfoy had even come to him to demand if he’d seen him, but one shake of his head and the guy had stormed off. He’d looked much calmer by the time they were getting off the train though, and although many had noticed, just as many had brushed it off as something that Harry was being weird about.

Neville wasn’t sure how not being on the train and then also not being at the feast was Harry being weird, but he hadn’t spoken up either.

Seeing Hedwig here when they got back to the dorm though was a huge relief, as it meant he would be here, he just wasn’t yet.

By the time it got late and they were in bed attempting to fall asleep though, Neville was worried again about where he was if not here.

Harry hadn’t written to anyone over the summer—not just that but no one’s owls had even been able to find him and returned all their letters unopened. He’d initially been worried it was just him, but eventually he’d mustered up enough courage to write to Susan who was the most likely to know and also the nicest to not mind him reaching out randomly, and true to his suspicions she’d immediately responded saying Harry was back in the muggle world and her aunt—Amelia Bones were was the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement—had done a little research and found Harry’s mail wards kept pretty much everyone out. Including Hogwarts, which apparently Dumbledore was attempting to fix but couldn’t get around the goblins it seemed.

She’d apparently gotten a lot of questions from many people about the same thing, so her response sounded kind of standard.

So… it wasn’t just him, but…

Harry had not looked good leaving for break at the end of last year. Like, not at all.

Like, to the point he hadn’t cared that he’d spent the entire train ride back sharing a compartment with Draco Malfoy because the Slytherin was the least of his worries at that moment as Harry seemed constantly seconds from crying the entire time.

The fact he wasn’t talking to anyone despite how much he’d always seemed to be talking so long as Neville had known him was really concerning actually, he just didn’t know what to do about it. And he didn’t like feeling helpless, he’d just… gotten used to feeling that way at some point, unfortunately.

No matter how normal the feeling was though, when it came to his friends he hated it.

So he was in bed, but he didn’t fall asleep like the others slowly were. Instead he sat up and kept exchanging silent looks with a gleaming white owl in the autumn night as she too seemed to be waiting on something. Her big yellow eyes were eerily intelligent, almost trying to tell him something but…he didn’t speak owl.

And it was really late, but eventually his patience paid off as the door to their dorm quietly opened, and his head snapped to the side at the sudden movement. He watched as Harry snuck in—his hair was much long and much sleeker, but tied back in a loose braid and his extremely colorful muggle clothes looking a bit disheveled, but he was otherwise unharmed.

Neville breathed out a sigh of relief.

He tried not to startle him as the redhead snuck towards his bed, but he wasn’t that successful.

“Harry?” He whispered in the quiet night, and the boy nearly jumped out of his skin as he whipped around—and alarmingly enough suddenly had his wand pointed right at Neville where he sat in his bed. It was gone in an instant though as he realized he had spoken.

“Neville!? You’re awake?” He whispered back, huge green eyes wide in surprise.

“Yeah, couldn’t sleep.” He shrugged, suddenly feeling a little awkward to admit that. “I mean… I knew you’d be here eventually. You okay?”

Harry seemed… a bit taken aback by that, which Neville thought was weird. Yeah he felt awkward, but it wasn’t weird, right? They were friends, he was… moderately confident to say that, even believe it most of the time.

“You… waited up for me?”

He felt his cheeks get red hot at the quiet comment, but it was true so… “Ah, y-yeah? I mean, no one knew where you were. Hedwig’s here though s-so I knew you would come back eventually...” He tried to defend himself in discomfort.

It was quiet for a long couple seconds in the dark dorm, with three other boys breathing deep in slumber and them just sitting/standing there, long enough that Neville was beginning to regret everything—when suddenly Harry lunged at him like he was going to tackle him.

Actually, he did kind of tackle him, but then he was having the life literally hugged out of him and he couldn’t breathe but it was actually in a good way which Neville didn’t quite understand but he was happy to go along with it and hug him back.

But then, he realized Harry was shaking and small sniffles were coming from behind his shoulder where his friend had buried himself out of sight, and he instantly had a newfound strength in hugging him as tightly as he could.

“Harry!? You okay!?”

“…I had a really bad summer.” A small voice answered him, and something inside of the quiet lion caught life—like a small flame suddenly meeting a flood of pure oxygen. Suddenly the months of worrying about unopened letters went up in a plume of smoke that dissipated to nothing, because it didn’t matter.

“Well it’s over now,” He wasn’t sure where he got the words from, but they came easy for once. “So it’s okay.”

He said it with a confidence that literally came out of nowhere. He wasn’t even sure what it meant, but he felt obligated to say it to his strongest friend, who was actually crying right now for now clear reason.

… a small sniffle answered him, and he was hugged just a tiny bit tighter.

“Yeah. Yeah it is…”





Chapter 39: Book 2 : Envy : 7




Poppy Pomfrey had a way of disarming people with her charm. She was a lovely woman, cheery and honest to a fault, dependable and realistic. Full of compromise and understanding when being a team player, but true to her principles when needed. Easy to work with and easy to talk to, easy to trust and easy to get along with in almost any aspect. With a name like Poppy and her hair turning grey pretty early in life despite her definitely having earned it at her current age, it meant she’d been seen as a motherly figure for many years at this point, particularly due to her profession. Coming to Hogwarts had been a boon on her soul, and while many “feared” her for her strict nature and how she scolded these kids and teachers for reckless behavior, it was all par for the course of being what was, essentially, a school nurse. For a magical school for children learning to control their magic, so there was a lot that went into the role, but the image one conjured up in their head when you said the words school nurse instead of a medic was different, and that was just how it was.

She was fine with it.

Children minded her scolding and were unafraid to come to her for help on the most part as she wasn’t one to tattle to their parents or be the one to dole out punishments if they got injured doing something they shouldn’t. She didn’t like when they got hurt, but on the most part she took them in with a chiding tisk, patched them up, and sent them on their way. If they asked no one else know about it, then no one else knew about it—she was a good confidant like that.

After all, she couldn’t heal them if they wouldn’t come to her to be healed, so being a confidant often took priority over being the responsible adult other teachers were burdened with being.

It was one of the things she selfishly loved about Severus Snape, in fact, though you’d never hear her say it aloud.

To fellow adults she was treated actually rather similarly to how the children did, as even to most teachers she was quite a bit older than all of them and had in fact treated them as students once upon a time. She looked good for her age and was still quite spry, but in fact the only person in the school older than her was Albus himself. Her first year as Hogwarts head mediwitch was actually Minerva’s fifth year, if she recalled correctly.

So yes, she was quite old.

But she still had a lot of life in her, and it was in moments like these that it all came welling to the surface with a fire in her that she’d long since retired. It came roaring up from the depths of her soul where she’d attempted to bury it and suddenly a school nurse was not what came to mind if you’d happened to cross her as she stormed through the halls of Hogwarts towards her destination.

She didn’t like to admit it, but at one time she’d been young and full of naïve vengeance on the world—a world that hurt people for no god damn reason and she’d been so sick of it as a young lady that when she’d taken up her wand to heal, she’d done it filled to the brim with wrath.

If Death were a man, there was a time in her youth she would’ve decked him for having the audacity to show his face to her, magic be damned she’d use her fist to do it.

And so, a regrettable part of her past was an irksome title of battle medic. Her actions, embarrassing as they’d been, had earned the title for her handedly, but she did her best not to bring it up or even think too much on it these days. In fact, it’d been years since she even remembered that part of her past at all, and that just was fine by her. She had retired many years ago, even before the latest so-called Dark Lord had showed his true colors.

She had told him that too, when he was but a boy in her infirmary and he’d asked her to join his cause.

She’d told him that again, when he was a man and had sworn not to harm innocents if she joined him now that he had power.

She’d told Albus that when he’d asked many years later, if she ever regretted turning down that offer.

She was retired, and if war could not change that, then nothing could.

That, however, did not stop pieces of it from bubbling to the surface every now and then, and it usually came in the form of a child who needed her. But then again, what was anyone but a child to her? Even Minerva who had grey in her hair now too, had once been a young teen sporting a broken arm from a particularly wild quidditch match in Poppy’s wing what felt like yesterday. Severus the cruel dungeon bat they liked to call him, had been a crying boy who hadn’t understood why his father refused to love him, nor why his housemates were so uncaring.

Poppy was a deceptive woman, as she could fool anyone with her charm into believing she was warm, and gentle. And in many ways, most days, she was.

But something inside of her was also ice cold. She knew, or rather she had learned in time, that you could not save everyone and everyone was but a child who did not understand why the world caused them pain. She could not save most of Slytherin from their parents, she could not save people like Remus Lupin whose illness was as incurable as it was excruciating, she could not save everyone on a battlefield of a thousand dying men and women and children—but she could save some. It was these heartbreaking realizations that caused her to retire to Hogwarts in the first place, where the some that she could save would at least be young enough to have it mean something in their lifetimes. If it meant also witnessing those she could not save be as young as those few she could, that was simply an agony she lived with.

If she had it within her finely trained skills to heal, she would. If it was within her power to help a child out of a bad situation, if she could save the one without risking the many others she was there to serve and protect, she would.

If she was not skilled enough to heal, they died. If she could not save a child from their lives, then they suffered and lived with it until they could find their own freedom… or, perhaps, they would not.

Those were the consequences she lived with, and she had for decades with an iron heart that was open to all.

So yes, she could deceive anyone into thinking she was warm, and gentle. But the kind of woman who could face these harsh realities was anything but.

Today, however… today was different. Today was not a situation in which she could do nothing.

Today was a day when she discovered she could do something.

And that up until this point, she’d been lied to.

She was an expert at dealing with reality as it came at her, but this was another thing entirely.

Because a healer healed all who needed it regardless of what side they were on, but a battle medic…

A battle medic did what needed to be done.

She wasn’t an idiot. Well, she was for not realizing this sooner, but she wasn’t so dumb as to not know who she was up against and how difficult that would truly be. For now, she would focus on what she could, and what was necessary.

So it was with wand firmly in one hand and a file in another that she tossed open the door to Minerva’s office, and the woman startled a bit from where she was collecting her lesson plans for this, the first day of the school year.

“Poppy! You were not at breakfast, is everything alright?” Upon seeing her expression, Minerva quickly reconsidered. “What is it?”

“It is Mr. Potter, Minerva.” The Transfiguration teacher was visibly alarmed, putting down her papers pointedly, but Poppy didn’t give her a chance to speak. “I know you have your reasons, but you may be a bit blinded by your devotion to Albus—same as I’ve been, I admit.” She walked forward and placed the file down in front of her old friend, who looked at it warily.

“My devotion? What is this?” She opened it and froze solid.

Poppy wrapped her arms around herself, wand still in hand and not about to go anywhere.

“He told me he was looked after.” She confessed; the quiet, hurt tone telling all it needed to about who he was. “He told me someone examined him after that night… that the muggles he was left with were rough, but they were family and would do what was right.” She wallowed a moment in the sheer audacity of those lies before gathering herself. “The boy is malnourished, Minerva, after only a couple months away from this school. And I…” She took a breath but honestly wasn’t sure what to do with herself right then.

Minerva did though, and she was on her feet, looking furious.

“I told Albus they were the worst sort of muggles!” And through her fury, Poppy saw what she too felt—shame.

Shame that neither of them were either smart enough to see, or that they had seen and been stupid enough to not want to believe.

Because Albus had told them everything was fine, and he continued to tell them that Harry was just having a rough time with his relatives but he’d get over it like most children did and it didn’t warrant their interference.

He was Albus to both of them, and had been for many decades now. And yes, he lied, because he was a clever man and he embodied all four house traits and they knew he lied but he’d always lied for the greater good, or so they were lead to believe.

Albus had not always done right, by Poppy. She’d disagreed with many of the things he’d done, but she was retired and here to care for the children of this school, and despite it all Albus had always had the same ultimate goal in mind despite how much she hadn’t liked some of his choices or actions. They had spent so many hours over the years discussing what to do about children that needed help out of their homes, going over the painful details about how or why it was possible or impossible to save one child or the other… and always she’d thought him just as heartbroken as her when it became clear someone couldn’t be saved. That when they resigned themselves to doing the best they could while the child was at Hogwarts in their care, it was because they had no other choice, and a small piece of themselves died with the hope of saving one more young life, every single time.

This though, this was blatantly obvious that Albus had meant to put a child in harm’s way.

And he had lied to her when he said it was because they had no choice.

When Anastasia had sent over these notes last night, Poppy had gone over them dozens of times before retiring for the night, thinking every which way of how this could have happened. The magical core healing failing was definitely a new one, and she’d gone over Mr. Potter from top to bottom last night once he got to the castle, ensuring he had the right potions in hand, the right food in his stomach, and the right magical blocks back in place to correct this issue for the time being for classes before she let him out of her sight. She’d also done her own diagnostic spells to double check how he was healing from the cruciatus, and was thankful all the damage from that at least was gone.

She could tell when she'd told him that, he’d been surprised if just not believing her. As much as it pained her she understood—unfortunately the magical damage that curse could inflict wasn’t something you could feel. The mental and emotional damage could make it worse of course, but it could heal even while your heart refused to let go of it.

And one look at him and she knew he had in no way let go of it just yet.

But, that was for her to fix over the coming months, what needed to be dealt with come morning was the malnutrition.

Harry had been relatively healthy when he arrived at Hogwarts last year and even the expected dip in appetite given what happened in June couldn’t account for this amount of weight loss. He did not like his relatives clearly, but they hadn’t been outright abusive so far as Poppy was aware, although his Slytherin tendencies proved they probably weren’t enjoyable people. Both she and Albus had known they weren’t enjoyable people, but they were family, and Albus had explained the blood wards for why it was necessary the boy be with them. She wasn’t happy about it, but the clinical side of her wasn’t concerned about Harry’s mental health so far as his physical health at the time—and by the start of his first year at least both seemed decent. Especially compared to the fact before he’d entered her hospital wing she’d had at least two dozen other children who’d been hiding broken bones since the end of summer, trying to sneak into her wing for some relief without anyone knowing about it. Compared to his classmates, Harry had been just fine even if he wasn’t being spoiled, or even enjoying his time with his relatives. We did not always get what we wanted after all, and she knew that with a brutal familiarity.

This though… outright starvation as Anastasia implied was a whole other level entirely. That wasn’t just abusive, that was positively lethal if you weren’t trained to understand just how long someone could go without food, if say, you were looking for information.

For a child though, it could go from a punishment to murder in a shockingly quick amount of time and it set every nerve in her body off. She resigned herself to accept a lot of truly horrible things, and yes she considered herself a ruthless person for it, but the one thing she would not do was openly and willingly let a child die.

Blood wards meant to protect against the dark lord’s followers meant nothing if the boy was already dead.

Admittedly she did not follow up with Mr. Potter after that night Albus had taken him to his muggle relatives—he and Minerva had come back from that trip, with the Transfiguration teacher quite distressed about the whole thing. She’d voiced her concerns about the muggles, while Poppy had chimed in about getting the boy medical treatment for whatever it was that had happened… but Albus had soothed their fears with so many assurances, and the war was finally over and they were so ready to be happy that they’d just… hadn’t brought it up again. Minerva likely trusted Albus enough to believe in his word on good faith, but Poppy had at least been willing to let the matter rest if it meant they would finally be at peace. She had been so ready for peace and for the death and torture to stop, so lost in the grief of the news about Peter, Sirius, Lily, James, the children she’d once right there in her hospital wing… she was so ready to be happy for once that she was probably too hasty to accept that it was all finally over. And then when he’d seemed relatively in one piece when he finally arrived at Hogwarts, it was like she’d just reaffirmed her beliefs that Albus was right and there was nothing to worry about.

That was her mistake. She should’ve dug in harder, she should’ve set eyes on the boy herself that night, she should’ve asked more probing questions when he first got to Hogwarts since she’d always suspected those relatives of his to be questionable.

But she hadn’t, and she would likely never forgive herself for it.

Because those assurances had been nothing but lies, and she now had proof because she’d taken this file to Albus that morning—even casting a glamour so he only saw the clear signs of neglect the malnutrition proved—and he’d tried to give her assurances again. Tried to tell her that he was a growing boy and whatever other bullshit he’d spouted—she’d honestly stop listening as she locked down on her occlumency shields and gave him worried, but understanding smiles as she’d escaped his office. Like she had the other thousand times she’d been concerned for a student and wanted to see what could be done about it with a source who always seemed to know more about the situation.

Because she had always thought Albus understood where she was coming from and when he said nothing could be done, then it really couldn’t be done and they’d have to do what they could do for the time being.

This though? This was proof that a child needed help and whatever reason Albus had given her before just didn’t matter anymore—it wasn’t like they were connected purebloods or dangerous people who’d threaten other children if they got involved, they were just muggles and they were blatantly going to kill Harry Potter if they didn’t do something. Death Eaters did not pose as much of a threat in this day and age as these guardians themselves, and it should’ve been clear cut enough for a change to be made.

They’d done it before, in fact, with even more dangerous parents as their opponents than a couple of muggles when a situation changed suddenly like this.

But the Headmaster had given her excuses and suddenly everything was clear.

And the blinding light of harsh reality always hurt like nothing else, but she was not one to shy away from it and she never had been.

He’d been Albus for an upwards of fifty years now, but today he was Headmaster Dumbledore.

Because a battle medic did what needed to be done.

Necrotic flesh was sliced away without hesitation to save the living flesh attached to it. A limb poisoned or cursed was cut off, and that was that—in the heat of battle there was no choice but to make the cut and move on with haste. Connections meant nothing if they could be severed to save someone’s life, and knowing the moment to not hesitate was what set her apart from her peers who still to this day made the mistake of trying to save everyone—and saving no one in the end.

She made her choice of who she would be saving, and it was not going to be the headmaster at the expense of a child, and that was it. Fifty years was a lot of time to waste on a mistake, but not an excuse to keep making it.

Make the cut, move on.

What was left to be seen, was if another cut needed to be made.

She narrowed her eyes at the woman in front of her, and made her demand.

“What will you do now that you know?” She asked, and Minerva frowned deeply at the paper in front of her, entirely disturbed.

“He has to have his reasons…”

“What reasons are worth putting an infant with a muggle family that hates magic?” Poppy lashed out automatically, and Minerva winced. She pulled back slightly, knowing that Minerva did not know about the blood wards, but since that excuse was utter bullshit in the end she didn’t feel the need to bring it up now. “Anastasia Ludwig was a student of mine almost thirty years ago. She was the one who finally examined Mr. Potter, at request of Mrs. Malfoy.” The teacher’s head snapped up, surprise etched on her face, and Poppy knew why. “The Malfoys are well-connected, she tells me Mrs. Malfoy intends to interfere with the ministry watch they have on Remus Lupin, and ask him to reach out to the boy.”

“That would be good.” She allowed, taken off guard by that but not against it. “Remus has always been… hesitant, about reaching out. And knowing he was watched, and how that could put Harry in danger…” She shook her head rapidly to rid herself of the dark thoughts. “Well, my opinion on the blatant breaking of laws aside, it’s not a bad thing if she’s really willing to do it.”

Poppy was not amused at how she refused to get to the point.

“Minerva, I’m telling you this because you and I are guilty of the same sin, and that means we must learn from it. Neither of us will be telling Albus about this.”

As expected, the younger woman frowned deeply.

“I’m not sure… is that-”

Poppy didn’t hesitate in whipping her wand up, and Minerva froze solid as she realized who she was up against. Many forgot, but Minerva wasn’t so young when it happened to not remember the kind of witch Poppy Pomfrey had once been before she’d retired to Hogwarts, and she knew of the skill facing against her down at this moment.

“I will wipe your memory here and now, Minerva.” Poppy announced, cold and matter-of-fact as only the truly clinically professional could be, and the teacher in front of her got very still. Minerva knew exactly what a battle medic was capable of, and she was acutely aware the Madam could do it before she could even twitch, much less attempt to move for her wand up her sleeve. So she just held very, very still as it sunk in what kind of situation this was.

“I will take all your memories of the boy here and now, if I do not think you are willing to protect him.” She told her old friend ruthlessly, and Minerva’s face darkened because she knew enough to know it was not a bluff in the slightest.

“…it would be cruel. Not even to me, who would have no memory, but to Harry…”

“No more cruel than life has been to him.” Poppy gave a glare for all she was worth, her wand not so much as wavering. Steady as only a medic’s hand could be. “I am a healer. I will do what needs to be done. I cannot face Albus on this, he has too many connections—and I taught him occlumency myself so I couldn’t even get through his mind if I tried. You however… your mind is too open and if he is getting information on Harry through you, do not dare think our years of friendship will stop me from protecting a child.”

No.

No, it absolutely wouldn’t stop her.

And by Minerva’s grave expression, she knew it too.

“Harry deserves to know Remus, I get that. I’m still not sure why Albus insists on these muggles… but if he can get away, and my silence will help…” She lifted her head and nodded pointedly, agreeing. “You have my word.” She swore.

Both of them knew her shields were likely not good enough to stop Albus from looking if he tried, but she would at least make the attempt to be careful about meeting his eyes, at least until it was too late for it to be stopped.

Poppy measured her up carefully, weighing her options. Even now, she knew Minerva was still loyal to Dumbledore but… she also legitimately cared for Harry. It would really come down to what would give when the moment came down to it—Poppy would simply have to keep reminding her of this threat then until Harry was safe, and hopefully that in addition to her favor of the boy would at least trump the loyalty she felt to tell the Headmaster everything. She didn’t have to actually go against Dumbledore, she just had to say nothing and let Narcissa Malfoy have her way.

Knowing the woman, it would only take the year most likely.

She could probably keep on top of this for at least that long.

With a reluctant decision to trust her old friend made, she lowered her wand pointedly.

“Good.” She frowned, and Minerva winced as her tone communicated how her saying anything else than that she would obey probably would not have gone well.

“I understand your frustration… but you don’t have to resort to threatening me, Poppy. I want what’s best for Harry too.” She complained lightly, still on edge as the threat was still there, and the Madam was still in full glory today and not to be tested with.

“And you sound like Albus when you say that.” She snapped rather unkindly. “I’m starting to think no one actually understands what’s best for Harry, and we should all stop trying to figure it out before it kills him.” She snatched the folder on the desk back up and made to leave. She had the start of the year to prepare for, like they all did.

“Poppy I’m sorry.” She called after her gently.

Sorry for believing the Headmaster all this time? For not stopping this sooner? Sympathizing because they were both in the same terrible boat of not having been the ones to catch this? For being too late to help? For not realizing they’d put their trust in the wrong person? For still feeling loyal to the Headmaster even after Poppy’s warning?

Poppy didn’t care.

“It doesn’t matter.” She clipped shortly as she stormed out of the office just as ferociously as she’d entered. To the empty hallway, she snarled an expression she hadn’t worn in years. “There is no excuse.”

000

“Am I doing this right?”

“Um…” Harry tilted his head to look at his reflection in the window next to them, and gave a wry smile. “Maybe try again?”

Neville sighed, and Harry laughed softly in the morning stillness.

It felt really… light.

“Thank you for trying though, this is nice.” He got comfortable again and grinned as Neville’s gentle fingers ran through his hair, undoing his attempt at a braid and starting again. He’d been incredibly nervous and hesitant when Harry first requested this randomly, but after the fifth attempt the awkwardness was gone and he was now just trying to get it right despite him literally never having tied a braid in his life before—also Harry acknowledged his instructions were probably not that helpful as he himself had learned everything by practice so couldn’t really put it into words in a useful way.

“I don’t mind if you don’t mind your hair looking weird all day.” Neville just mumbled lowly and Harry smiled widely at his petulance.

Neville was… warm.

The same way Draco was cool to the touch, like a balm of a cold breeze on a hot summer day, Neville was warm like a fire on a really frigid night. Maybe not even a roaring fire, but the churning embers that just glowed softly and kept you wrapped in a blanket near the fireplace when the wind was howling outside the window—bone-chillingly cold and ruthless but unable to penetrate into the safe little bubble of warmth around you.

He didn’t ask why Harry was crying the night before, he just gave him a big hug and then got out of his own nice and cozy bed to probe him into cleaning up and getting ready for bed himself. Despite him being an awkward, shy person the entire time Harry had known him, he didn’t even hesitate in pulling Harry back into his own bed and let him cry his eyes out until sleep finally came to end the terrible day he’d had and it didn’t hurt as much when he had a bubble of warm around him protecting from the cold reality of the coming morning—and the frigid darkness of the past couple months.

He’d asked if it was really fine to bother his sleep like that, but Neville’s simple answer only made him cry harder.

“You shouldn’t cry alone—and if anyone hears they’ll think it’s from me and won’t bother you about it, so it’s okay.”

For the hundredth time, but especially right then, Harry recognized that he really didn’t deserve Neville.

When morning came, predictably he’d started up a bit violently from a nightmare—the only blessing was that he couldn’t even remember what it was about by the time he sat up fully, but it was still ungodly early and he couldn’t have been asleep more than a couple hours given the sun hadn’t risen yet.

Or rather, they hadn’t been asleep more than a couple hours since he was in Neville’s bed and the blond was a light sleeper, so the sharp movement startled him awake too.

And then he proved once again that no one deserved Neville Longbottom when he’d just rubbed his eyes and greeted him with a:

“Happy start of term, Harry.”

Not a ‘are you okay?’ or a ‘was that a nightmare?’, ‘did you want to talk about it?’— nothing like that. Like he somehow just knew Harry didn’t want to talk about it, like he knew Harry wasn’t about to go back to bed, and rather than leave him to it and going back to sleep himself, he was already down to get up for the day with him despite the fact he’d never gotten up this early the entire past year.

Then again, maybe he did know.

Either way, they’d gotten up and ready for their start of term, but even then they’d beat breakfast being served by quite a bit so were just killing time down in the common room until the Great Hall opened. Neville wasn’t overly fond of talking classes since there’d be a ton of that soon enough anyway, and clearly their holiday breaks were off limits so neither of them even came close to broaching that subject, so they’d kind of settled on easy, safe topics. Like the fact Neville was suddenly an inch taller in only a couple short months which was definitely noticeable as Harry hadn’t grown a damn thing, and of course Harry’s biggest change which was his much longer hair. That then developed into Harry randomly demanding Neville try to braid it for him and the poor blonde struggling through Harry’s awful instructions of how to go about doing that, but the air was light-hearted enough that it wasn’t unpleasant either.

“What did they say? About me missing the train I mean.” Harry brought up, slightly nervous about coming close to talking about it but… after last night and this morning, he suddenly was safe in his knowledge that Neville would not push if he didn’t bring it up himself first. And it was honestly a huge relief.

It was also safe to assume Neville would know—Harry called it his wallflower superpower, as he was usually present to witness the latest gossip since people tended to forget he was there when they talked. Which wasn’t great, but it did come in handy in situations like this.

“Um… well, as you can probably imagine, Draco kind of… uh-”

“Made a scene.” Harry put together, silently cursing the drama queen gently in his head.

“Yeah… so uh, the whole train knew pretty quickly you weren’t there. But then he cooled it so everyone figured you’d managed to get a message to him to explain.”

“I did. Something went wrong with the barrier and I got locked out on the muggle side, but they figured it out. Would not recommend missing the train though, it sucked.” He sighed, and thankfully Neville just gave an agreeing hum.

“I… I know you don’t want to talk about it, but you should know because people will probably ask. Susan in particular is waiting to ambush you.” Neville warned and Harry tensed up. He managed to relax slightly as the fingers in his hair got more gentle, pulling faintly as if reminding him it was okay. “A lot of people tried to write you letters over break but they all got returned unopened. Mine too, and I was… well I asked Susan because I figured she might know, and apparently she’d been telling everyone your mail wards just blocked everyone.”

Harry blinked in surprise, but despite not wanting to talk about the summer he knew that was unavoidable. Mood-ruiner as it was, he was thankful for the warning, so he didn’t have to deal with Susan in his face out of nowhere at breakfast. Neville wasn’t even phrasing it like a question he expected an answer to, it really was just a warning that he’d need to give Susan something so she’d leave him alone. Because Neville wouldn’t push, but that did not hold true for anyone else.

He gave another light sigh, knowing that because of that, Neville was really the only person who deserved an answer.

Even a really edited one.

“My mail wards do block everyone but McGonagall right now, I should’ve mentioned that. My r-” he collected himself quickly and found a semblance of composure thanks to the gentle hands in his hair never even faltering despite his stiff posture and clear discomfort. “My relatives really don’t like magic. So um… I’m thinking I’ll keep my mail wards closed. The letters would’ve been nice but they don’t like seeing magic or anything like that so… strange owls in their house wouldn’t go over well. I mean, I didn’t even keep Hedwig, I’m pretty sure she stayed with Draco most of the summer since she and his owl get along.”

He winced, because most of that still felt like a lie despite being partially true.

Except that last part: that was a total lie because he was pretty sure Bastian hated Hedwig.

Either way, he really didn’t like lying to Neville.

“How did Susan know my mail wards were blocking people?” He wondered aloud, more to change the topic than anything, and Neville gracefully accepted the switch.

“Her aunt is Madam Amelia Bones—she’s the head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement in the Ministry, so it’d be easy to check something like that. Something weird she said, or I thought it was weird because she thought it important to bring up in the first place, was that Dumbledore was trying to get through your wards but couldn’t get past the goblins.”

Harry sat up, heart beating a little fast before calming… he already knew Dumbledore was after him, so this was… good news to hear it wasn’t working. Or that the gold he’d paid to Gringotts was doing it’d job.

But it also raised several questions about how the wizarding world worked.

“So Susan just gets to know things that the Ministry does because her aunt does? Isn’t that like, a breach of security or a conflict of interest? To tell your family members about things that go on at work, particularly a government job?” He frowned, and he heard the frown in Neville’s voice behind him as he answered.

“Not particularly, why? Is that how it is in the muggle world?”

Well, that answers that. No wonder money and nepotism seemed to rule this world, if who you were related to could mean you had information not even other people in the Ministry itself did.

“Well yeah. In the muggle world if any worker but especially a government worker was found using what they knew of or had access to from work for personal use, or even telling a family member who might use it for their use, they could get in a lot of trouble. Pay huge fines or even go to jail.” He offered and felt Neville’s surprise.

“That’s… huh.” Clearly it was news to him, and he had no idea what to think of it. And Neville was one of the more reasonable pureblood wizards Harry knew, so that said a lot for the state of the wizarding world. It also spoke poorly to the assumptions most half-bloods or muggleborns might make—if a muggleborn didn’t take advantage of things like this when they could out of the assumption it was illegal, or even just morally wrong as they’d been raised to think, they were already fighting with one hand tied behind their back compared to purebloods.

“I guess I should thank her for telling me about Dumbledore too. I wonder how she knew to check for that.” He mused aloud.

“Do you not like Dumbledore?” Neville’s innocent question almost made him white out in dizziness.

It was… several long minutes before he was able to answer, and thankfully Neville just let him do it, making several more attempts to braid his hair while Harry worked everything out.

“No.” He finally answered, and his voice was actually level, to his surprise. “I really don’t.”

Neville didn’t even question it.

“Well Susan’s really observant… maybe she just could tell that and knew you’d want to know. I thought it was weird she’d tell me though.” He commented lightly.

Harry breathed a sigh of relief at easy going, wonderful Neville Longbottom.

“She probably knew you’d talk to me first. And that if you thought it odd enough you’d bring it up to me.”

“Really?”

Oh right— Gryffindor, not Slytherin. Thinking ten steps ahead and overthinking what every little message and word meant was not really something they did.

Which brings up why Susan of all people sent a message like that. You’d think as a Hufflepuff she’d wait to tell me herself.

“Well, that’s what I would do, though I should check with her when I catch up to her to thank her.” He deflected a bit.

“Are you going to sit with her at breakfast?” Neville wondered, and Harry felt a little bad that after everything Neville had done for him last night and this morning, he still though the second Harry got his swing back he’d abandon him to go chat with other houses.

As it was, he should check in on the Slytherin table for appearances sake. He knew he didn’t look good at the end of last year, the last meal he’d had with them he knew he probably looked like a bloody mess and Blaise had undoubtedly told everyone about the potions he saw Pomfrey give him. Then he’d missed the train, Draco freaking out… after the Montague incident he’d started to look like a real person in their eyes and he hoped everything that happened didn't make them think he was weak all of a sudden. He’d proved he could play snake just as well as they could, so if they thought he was weak now they would not hesitate to prey on that like he was one of their own.

Which was a good thing, but also difficult in this situation. To be treated like one of them meant he was going to be treated like one of them, and if they smelt blood in the water he was in trouble.

So he needed to show his face over there with a mask in place again, he needed to do it as soon as possible, and most importantly he needed not to screw it up once he did.

No, most importantly he needed not to be a dick to Neville, who was literally saving him right now by being calm and warm and the most supportive friend Harry was an idiot for not realizing he’d been blessed with sooner.

Slytherin could wait; they’d lived this long without him and they could wait until he was good and ready to grace them with his presence once more. Blaise in particular might even enjoy that attitude, while the rest of them would at least appreciate it in some way.

“No way, I need a Gryffindor recalibration to start the year off before pestering other houses. Susan can come bother me if she wants to ask about my mail wards, at least for today.” He said it like it was a joke, but he didn’t just mean Susan either—rules applied for any particularly mother-hen-like Slytherins he knew of too.

“Oh good,” Neville perked up, sounding cheered by that news. “You can meet the new first years then. Ron’s sister started; she seems way more quiet though.”

“Really?” His spirit lifted some, forgetting that he’d not only missed the train yesterday, but the sorting too. He hadn’t so much as cared about the feast, but he’d once been excited about having underclassmen. He was a people person, or at least he used to be, and he was cheered that he could still feel some excitement about meeting new people despite everything. Last year had been wonderful for so many reasons, but the getting to meet all his now-friends and actually successfully work to develop relationships with people like Daphne (and Theo! Can’t forget about that crowning victory!) had been so rewarding he relished in it even now.

“Who is not quiet though, was Colin—apparently he’s a muggleborn and magic is all very new and entertaining to him which is kind of normal except he’s got this camera and has been taking pictures of everything. He just jumps on you and demands to take your picture.” Of course quiet Neville would be freaked out by that behavior but Harry grinned, looking forward to meeting the kid.

“I can’t wait, although my hair will have to be nice if I’m getting a photoshoot!” Neville grumbled as he undid his last attempt and Harry laughed lightly. “Anyone else?”

“I’m sure you’ll meet them all, as you do. But there was one girl who got sorted into Ravenclaw that had really funny earrings I think you’d like.”

“Earrings?”

“I think they were radishes?”

Harry blinked, not quite sure what that meant that Neville thought he’d like radish earrings, but despite probably not wearing them himself he could likely get on board with the girl who was odd enough to wear them. He himself was pretty odd, to be fair.

“Can’t wait to meet them,” He smiled and whatever Neville was about to say was interrupted by movement from the stairs, and they looked over in equal surprise to the twin looks they were being given.

“Apples!” Fred and George cried out as one, before abruptly remembering it was early and dropping down into whispers.

“Heard you missed the train!”

“Gotta be a first—”

“—hope it was an adventure at least?” They greeted him happily.

He smiled, remembering how nice it was for people to be visibly happy to see you. And the twins never failed in the regard.

“An adventure, sure. Let’s go with that.” He scoffed dryly, and they snickered. “What are you two doing up so early?”

“Not that early…” One of them hedged.

“And if it’s something to do with a start-of-term prank you did not hear it from us.”

They exchanged looks and grinned. “Unless our triplet would like to help?”

Harry glanced at Neville who seemed extremely wary about this concept but he figured a bit of mischief was just what the morning needed to stop feeling so mellow and cautious.

“Maybe a little mischief before breakfast?” He gave Neville his pleading eyes and the blond seemed to cave quickly—although very reluctantly when the implication was that Harry didn’t want to go without him and that he’d not only need to agree to let it happen but also participate.

“I guess… but please just… a little.”

The twins crossed their hearts dramatically.

“Just a little!”

Harry grinned and accepted whatever state his braid was currently in as he took Neville’s hand to follow the twins on their latest adventure.





Chapter 40: Note on Stealing




First of all, a chapter is following immediately after this because I hate when authors post notes with no actual content. Such a bait.

Secondly, THANK YOU to everyone who immediately commented saying my story had been reposted. It’s incredibly hurtful and annoying as an author to have things stolen (bitch they didn’t even copy it right, I’ve fixed those fucking spelling mistakes smh) but I’m even more peeved off they posted it to Fanfiction.net. As a baby-writer too-many years ago I started writing and posting on that site and ended up leaving it because of the toxicity—comments were on the most part nice but people would PM me terrible things or try to tell me how to write and even to this day I still get emails from that old account of ‘did you even read the stories’—BITCH IT’S FANFICTION TAKE A HINT.

Anyway, “Repost234” (so original) reposted my story and I’ve PM-d and commented politely (for now) for them to take it down. In any case I am like fairly certain some of the elements of this story as it is and how it will end will probably be against the TOS of that site so good luck with that. Thank you once more to everyone who let me know so quickly, it is greatly appreciated.





Chapter 41: Book 2 : Envy : 8


Chapter Notes

Incoming rant:

Okay, I like to make things as consistent and close to the canon world as I can when I write (not characters, as I love to mess with those, but the world itself I like to be as true to the original creation as I can make it while also taking all the artistic liberties I want—really what I decide to be realistic about is kind of a toss-up but when I DO want to make it realistic I do research), but JK Rowling was truly magical when she thought up the Hogwarts classes schedule because it makes NO SENSE. Trolling the HP wiki pages, the books, references… there’s just no way some classes could’ve possibly happened at certain times with all the blatant contradictions and only four/five class periods a day.

I have an excel sheet. I’ve spent a week reading the wiki pages to try and figure this out. It’s just not possible.

I spent way too much time trying to be accurate to my own schedule for this story and even then, with five class periods a day it’s still got issues. In my world apparently the 6th and 7th years don’t exist until we get that far, and there’s this weird Schrodinger’s cat/Quantum leaping thing going on since if Slytherin and Gryffindor are in a class together, Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw temporarily don’t exist I guess because one group of kids can have two classes of each subject a week but two groups of kids definitely can’t unless all the teachers have time turner’s and JK just didn’t mention it. I’m not going to bring that up in this story because it’s stupid and at this point I’m annoyed about the whole thing but logically I’m just going to assume teachers can be in two places at once for this to make any sense at all.

Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk and temporarily suspending your belief while I talk about utter bullshit class schedules in this story. Not that everyone hadn’t already suspended their belief given this is fanfiction about magic but whatever.

*table flip*





Despite being one of, if not the first people awake, they were only moderately on time for breakfast given Fred and George’s detour to the courtyard, and now everyone who walked over the grassy stones would have rainbow sparkles following them for the rest of the day like some fantastic cartoon animation in real life. It was originally supposed to be illusions of bees, but Neville’s disappointed look convinced them to make it slightly more harmless than it already was. Or, it convinced Harry who then convinced the twins.

Harry also had a spontaneous surge of mischief when he asked for certain stones on the walking path to not get enchanted, so if the opportunity arose he could mess with people by walking through and seemingly not getting hit with the spell. And by “people” he meant the Slytherins because they would be the most annoyed by even this tiny spell and also that he would appear immune to it without them knowing why. Even if it was a small annoyance, he felt his snake friends deserved it and the twins were simply fascinated to listen to his logic of what would actually legitimately annoy the Slytherins—George even whipped out a small journal and took notes, much to Harry’s amusement.

“This is good, this is really good.” He hummed thoughtfully as they entered the Great Hall to a pretty decent size crowd already tucking into their meals.

“Yeah, you being part snake is actually bloody brilliant—you’ll know what’ll piss ‘em off the worst.” Fred chimed in eagerly.

“There is a difference you know, between annoying them and pissing them off.” He pointed out, feeling if he didn’t walk a careful line here somehow Blaise would find out he’d been “betraying” his new snake friends to their enemy number one: ‘blood traitor pranksters’, as they’d put it.

“Do we care?” George snorted.

“You should. Piss them off as a whole and retribution will come down on your entire family and probably be bad enough you won’t even know it wasn’t an act of nature.” Harry raised his brows pointedly. “Just annoy them and you might actually have a prank war on your hands. Wouldn’t that be way more interesting?”

Both twins blinked widely, exchanging thoughtful looks.

“Slytherins, pulling pranks?” Fred gawked owlishly.

Harry snickered. “They’re pretty good at it you know, if even you didn’t realize some of them are behind it, much less what it was. That’s their favorite kind of pranks—the kind where they can laugh at you from a distance without you even knowing you’re being pranked.” He explained. “Besides, don’t you want to open a joke shop? That’s a quarter of your potential market you’re excluding if you don’t know how to make things Slytherins would like.”

They were suspiciously silent as they plopped down at the table and seemed lost in thought over that, and it was amusing enough Harry almost didn’t notice his attackers from behind.

He figured it out quick though, by almost jumping out of his skin as someone glomped him from behind, arms around him the only thing keeping him on the bench as he flailed in shock.

“Harry! First you miss the train then you ditch us!?” Seamus cried indignantly and Dean clapped him on the shoulder with a laugh as he sat down at the table too.

“You scared the life outta me Seamus!” Harry cried but just got laughed at—which was somehow nice since his heart was legitimately pounding out of his chest right then, but people taking it as a joke saved him for a moment so he could calm down. “Missing the train was an accident and I don’t recommend it—and I was working on something this morning so sorry to miss you.” He flashed them a grin and figured it was probably pretty believable. “Happy term you guys, nice to see you.”

“You too, hope you had a good summer.” Dean greeted casually, and be it Neville warm against his side or the nice morning he’d had, but Harry managed to just smile politely back at him instead of any other sort of reaction to that. He had to get over it—who knew how many people were going to say that today, and they did not mean anything by it. In fact many of them would not actually want a real answer at all, just like most people didn’t expect a real answer when you said ‘how are you’ as a greeting.

It was just a greeting, nothing more.

“Eh, was fine. You?” He applauded himself for being fully believable there.

“Yeah, pretty boring. Back to the muggle world after a year at Hogwarts was dull—I even did my homework and read ahead I was so bored!” Dean complained and Seamus laughed at him while Harry took notes that that was a very generic, believable thing to say, especially to purebloods who were predisposed to think muggles a bit dull no matter if they were Slytherins or not. People knew he was back with muggles and if Susan had been spreading the fact his wards were blocked to people it’d be even more believable.

He figured that was a good lie and he would be copying Dean and sticking to it.

“Yeah same.” He agreed as casually as he could before going about assembling his plate.

“And how far ahead are we in Transfiguration now?” Seamus teased, and Harry perked up because he liked that change in conversation direction.

“I actually just got a joke book of new Transfiguration spells and it’s bloody awesome—most are fourth year and above I think.”

The twins suddenly snapped out of whatever thoughtful spell they’d fallen under, immediately interested.

“Really?” They chorused, intrigued.

Harry laughed, “It’s probably not to your level but one or two you might be interested in.”

“I mean we are fourth years,”

“And we do love a good joke.”

“I may be willing to trade,” He grinned and given they were very familiar with his trading habit they just gave him a dual thumbs up.

“I’m sure we can think of something worthy of exchanging,” One of them winked.

Harry was actually interested in that since he was pretty much on their level so far as Transfiguration, so whatever they were trading now would probably be prank-related. Or material related as they always seemed to be able to produce Filch-banned contraband and other goodies at the drop of a hat, and that could come in handy for sure.

All in all, breakfast actually went rather well. Be it everyone having already talked about their summer’s yesterday on the train without him and moved on from that by now, them happy to buy his implication his summer hadn’t been worth mentioning, excitement for the new year so close upon them, or a combination of all of it, but this particular group was more than happy to talk about classes and the magical world in general instead of anything else. Harry was almost surprised how easy it was to switch back into ‘social mode’, the persona he’d worn all year last term as he went around meeting everyone he could in attempts to convince them he wasn’t just his famous title or a stupid rumor.

Bantering with Dean and Seamus, double checking that Neville was included in the conversation, even trying to keep track of the twins who were always a whirlwind in every situation… it was almost easy to regain something he’d thought he’d lost for a moment there. He did wonder how long it would last, but he enjoyed it while it was here.

He also enjoyed Neville quietly pointing out the new first years as they started to wander in, each looking a little frazzled/relieved since clearly they’d just been tasked with navigating the labyrinth that was Hogwarts for the very first time under threat of being late their first day. A few even had sparkles around their heads which meant they’d gotten really lost if they’d been in the courtyard already.

He didn’t see the so-named Colin with his camera but he did see a tiny little red head that was clearly a new Weasley, but she kept her head down and slipped into the table near the end and way too far for Harry to say hi. He didn’t want to ask the twins what their sister was like since he wanted to meet her himself but he was dead curious on if she was more like them, or Ron. Guess only time would tell that…

Before he knew it, his favorite professor was there and in her stern way making the trip down the table to hand them their timetables. Harry was thrilled to see her but just grinned widely as McGonagall handed him his schedule and she nodded back—noticeably softer given she’d just been glaring at the too-innocent twins immediately prior.

And on that note, Harry was thrilled that the second class of the day was Transfiguration. A bit concerned he had Defense right after the morning break as Draco’s reaction to the new professor was worrying to say the least, but still, it was a great start to the term. First class was Herbology, but he had never minded that—especially now, since he was pretty sure Neville would still be okay with being his partner this year and it just meant he wouldn’t have to leave his friend’s side even longer.

“What’s got you so happy over a timetable?” George leaned over his shoulder to see his schedule, and made a face. “Bwah! I forgot how nice the schedule was for first and second years!”

“Ah, the good old days.” Fred sighed in mock weariness.

Dean frowned, a bit unnerved. “How much worse does it get?”

“Depends on how crazy you are, and clearly we’re insane.” Fred snickered.

“Yeah we took up two electives and one is not the easiest. Care of Magical Creatures and Arithmancy.” George sighed.

“Not Divination? I heard that’s an easy grade.” Dean pointed out.

“It is, but Arithmancy would be way more useful for our… ah, business endeavors.”

“I don’t want to know.” Seamus deadpanned, earning some snickers. “What are the easy electives then?”

“Well Care of Creatures is hard for hands-on work but homework and tests are a breeze, if there are any. Muggle studies is apparently a joke for muggleborns and actually not that accurate—we get enough of that at home anyway from our dad so not interested. Divination too I hear you can literally make anything up and so long as it’s dark and creepy, Trelawney will love it.” George grinned. “Lee’s taking it and has predicted my death ten times and got Os on all of it.”

“The hell?” Dean blinked but Harry was highly amused.

“Sounds interesting.”

“You can’t take Divination or McGonagall will disown you,” Fred immediately warned him. “She hates divination with a passion and it’s hilarious. Never seen her twitch like that when it’s brought up.”

“Oh good to know,” He blinked, immediately putting down any plans he had in his head about considering it. Not that he really was, he knew Arithmancy was in his future since it’d clearly already come in handy for his work before. But that meant… “I was thinking of Arithmancy, Runes, and Creatures. You think that’s too much?”

“I mean probably, if you’re not overly bookish.” George allowed. “Aside from Creatures those are the two hardest by far, among most of the classes Hogwarts offer even, and also the classes happen at the same time I think.”

“Although Marissa took both for sure, though no idea how she did it.” Fred pointed out but they just shrugged. “Wouldn’t recommend it—the kind of work load for even two electives, much less Arithmancy and Runes, is insane, trust us.”

“But you didn’t take Runes?” He challenged, and they got a sly, slightly guilty look on their faces.

“Well,” They allowed with a bit wicked grins.

“One of us took Arithmancy…”

“The other took Runes.” They admitted and everyone did a double take while Harry just laughed. “So trust us when we say it takes two brains not to go insane.” They grinned.

“Wait, let me guess,” Harry put his hands up and glanced at their plates subtlety. He had gotten pretty good at gauging which was which by the way they talked or their attitudes towards certain things, but the sure-fire way to be sure was double-checking what the ate as they definitely had preferences and were probably confidant no one had caught on to it yet, so they didn’t even hide it.

Last year he’d put together a decent theory that George was better at Transfiguration while Fred was better at Charms. He already knew Arithmancy was good for Transfiguration work and these two were decent students who definitely understood the concept of understanding to be able to do things with their magic not just take a test on it—particularly for pranks and the joke shop they one day planned to open. Harry could have faith they’d already figured out that it would only be sensible for the Transfiguration expert to have Arithmancy too, as that’s how the best pranks would one day get invented.

Therefore…

“George is in Arithmancy and Fred is in Runes.” He pointed to each of them in turn, and predictably they grinned devilishly back.

“Good try, but you got it wrong,” Fred huffed.

“And no way we’re admitting to who is in who! We even switch our names in class despite the other not being in the same subject and the professors hate it.” George chuckled.

Harry just lifted his chin triumphantly. “No way, I’m right.” He declared confidently, earning him some odd looks. “I spent all last year taking notes to be able to figure it out and I know I’m right.”

“You cannot tell us apart.”

“Our own mother can’t,” They dismissed him.

“Well no offense to Mrs. Weasley but the hat didn’t almost put her in Slytherin. I’m right, and you can’t tell me otherwise.” He argued, and that made them pause for a second to reconsider.

“But still.” Fred frowned.

“Remember I got you different presents for Christmas last year. Properly labeled, didn’t I?” He reminded them and they froze for a second, exchanging surprised looks.

“Oh shit.” George did a double take. “Wait yeah, you did! Holy shit, what the hell!? I thought that was an accident!”

“Oh my god really!?” Seamus chimed in, everyone paying attention to this now because this was news. Many probably didn’t know about the Christmas presents since it’d been a really low attendance at the castle last year so it really was all new to them.

“So will you confess that I was right now?” He pushed playfully and Fred smiled in surprised amusement while George got an annoyed look—the difference startling everyone present aside from Harry who had definitely been expecting that.

“Fine, yeah I’m in Arithmancy,” George pouted, actually admitting he was George for once and everyone’s head spun at the rare occurrence. “How on earth-?”

“No way, I’m not telling you how I do it or you’ll quit it immediately and where’s the fun in that?” He stuck his tongue out at them and they were abruptly back to being in sync when they both mirrored the motion immediately.

“How does you almost being in Slytherin mean you can tell them apart?” Seamus demanded curiously. “I thought Ravenclaw were the observant ones.”

“Speaking generally, I wouldn’t say Ravenclaws are observant exactly, they’re just really good at deduction. Slytherins are the ones who don’t miss a damn thing and frankly it’s annoying. I had to get really good and interpreting what subtle looks meant or I’d be eaten alive over there,” he complained (and also flaunted, because he’d worked hard on those skills and was happy to brag a bit about it). “These two really are identical but they are different. People can’t control the little reactions they have to things if they have different preferences after all.”

“Yeah well we knew that.” Fred scoffed.

“No one else did before you though,” George huffed a bit. “Go on, do it again. This is fascinating.”

Harry considered it and settled on something safe. “Fred’s favorite color is orange, George’s is pink.”

“No way,” They chorused in just as much indignant surprise as earlier and everyone leaned in as they realized this was a thing.

Harry preened, and enjoyed displaying his party trick for them as breakfast wound to a close.

000

“Alright then, Harry?” He turned, and thanks to Neville was prepared for Susan jogging up to them and nipping his sleeve gently as she pulled him from the stream of people walking down to the greenhouses for their first class of term. He let it happen, shooting Neville a smile as the blond watched him go, before heading on towards Herbology. He knew the blond would save them a space—Neville already knew Susan wanted to talk to Harry and the greenhouses were his safe space anyway so there was a lot less hesitation than there’d be any other time.

“Hey Susan,” He smiled blankly at her as she cornered him. “Heard you’ve been fielding questions about me—sorry about that.”

She waved him off, unbothered. “No worries, what you do with your mail wards are none of my business. Could’ve warned poor Neville though.” She scolded him and he winced a bit.

“Yeah, I honestly forgot. To change them or tell anyone, that is.” He admitted and she seemed to accept that. Or, that was clearly not what she wanted to talk to him about and they were under a time crunch so she moved on quickly.

“I figured. Did Neville tell you about Dumbledore then?”

“He said he was trying to get in contact with me, though I wouldn’t know why. McGonagall can, so if it’s from Hogwarts then she could do it.” He tried to act clueless but she either she didn’t buy it or didn’t care, she just pressed a little harder.

“My aunt works for the DMLE and she made me promise to tell you about it—apparently when she checked your mail wards for me she found wards were already in place. Not goblin wards.”

Harry almost did a double take, but immediately caught on.

“Would she be able to tell who put them in place?”

“No, it’s not illegal for people to use their own wards, but goblins do a much better job in general so it’s not common. Goblin wards need Ministry approval though, so there is some preference in doing it yourself as it won’t be tracked. Given you live with muggles though, Auntie was concerned over who did it.”

It made so much sense—it’s been nearly a year and Axeclaw had still not been able to find out where his original mail had been sent for the first ten years of his life, and Gringotts was usually was more on top of things than that. If the manager was looking for goblin wards or something on the record then he was looking in the wrong places—and if the wizard whose put the ward up was, say, Albus Dumbledore… he wasn’t a normal wizard and those wards might just be something to give even a goblin a run for their money. Harry knew nothing about wards but he knew the Headmaster’s reputation as a “great wizard” probably wasn’t faked until otherwise proven so—or at least it’d be the cautious thing to do to assume he was not only a prick but a legitimate threat magically as well as politically until he had evidence to prove differently.

“She suspects though, doesn’t she.” He frowned, and Susan nodded seriously.

“You might not like to hear it, but she thinks its Headmaster Dumbledore.” She confessed.

Wait… does she think she’s breaking news to me? Harry blinked widely in surprise that she didn’t already know how much he hated the headmaster, and she must’ve taken his expression to mean he was in any way shocked that it was Albus Dumbledore who was sticking his nose where it shouldn’t be.

“I know it’s weird, but Auntie and him have been at odds for a while—she thinks he’s so nosey and as Supreme Mugwump, Headmaster of Hogwarts, Chief Warlock and how many seats he holds on the Wizegamont… well Auntie is head of law enforcement and she doesn’t agree with a lot of what he does as it doesn’t follow the book on the most part. People like that about him but she’s super strict so it normally just pisses her off.” She explained like she was trying to defend her aunt’s distaste of the man everyone else loved, but honestly Harry was suddenly Amelia Bones’ number one fan.

“I mean it would make sense that he put wards up to protect you at some point since you do live with muggles but Auntie is mad about it for some reason. And she wanted me to warn you.” Susan finished in a huff. “Do with that information what you will.”

“Thanks, Susan. And seriously, thank your Aunt for me. In fact what kind of sweets does she like? I’ll send her a gift basket as thanks.” He was dead serious, and Susan did a small double take in surprise.

“Wait what?”

“I thought you were warning me because you already knew how much I didn’t like the Headmaster.” He admitted and her eyes widened almost comically.

“You don’t…?”

“Your aunt is dead right—he is really nosey. And I’m an orphan… I don’t have a magical legal guardian who knows shit about the wizarding world to protect me from all the crap he’s done. I don’t really want to get into it but part of the reason I’m not opening my mail wards is because I don’t want him getting any more involved than he already is. McGonagall can reach me because she really would keep it to important school stuff—the headmaster wouldn’t.”

Susan stared at him, her mouth a little open in shock as she tried to absorb that. She probably grew up knowing her aunt was in the far minority for not liking Dumbledore, and to suddenly hear someone agreeing with that sentiment probably took her off guard.

“But why-”

Suddenly the clock tower rung out loudly at the perfect time to avoid continuing this conversation, with the unfortunate side effect of realizing they were about to be late to their first class. Harry took off down the pathway and Susan was hot on his heels as she collected herself to realize now was not the time to get into this conversation.

And frankly Harry wasn’t interested in continuing it at a better time either.

“I don’t want to talk about it,” He called as they ran, and she didn’t answer but he knew she got the message as they slipped into the greenhouse as everyone was pulling on their protective gear already, although they missed the order for what it was they were supposed to be doing. Luckily Sprout either didn’t notice their late arrival with all the chaos or didn’t mind as they just got down to work, Neville handing them a pair of earmuffs each without a word.

“Chocolate.” Was all Susan said instead as she pulled on her protective smock and Harry made a mental note to put in an order with Honeydukes for Madam Amelia Bones.

000

Herbology went well, until it didn’t.

Be it Harry’s lovely morning, Neville solidly by his side as a grounding presence, or how distracted he was over planning how to get around the bloody Headmaster (and at this point it felt so routine, to slip back into his cold calculating mindset and forget to actually be angry about it instead of just calmly planning how to fix the old coot’s meddling) but he had almost totally forgotten that he wasn’t totally fine and normal and happy to be back at Hogwarts.

I mean, he was totally fine and normal. He felt back.

Until very suddenly he wasn’t, and he remembered in a shock like a slap to the face that maybe he should’ve stopped by the hospital wing before classes started to at least have a calming draught on him.

Everything had been fine. Herbology was not his subject but it was so much like gardening and so hands-on that he could get down to work without needing to feel or think too hard at the moment. Pulling on his gloves and earmuffs as Sprout kicked off the semester with a lecture on mandrakes felt fine, hearing about the crazy little roots that had a paralytic cry was entertaining. Hearing that they’d needed to start right off on repotting them because they’d take all year to mature and this would be their term project was pretty cool actually—nothing like starting off the year with solid expectations and if this is what they were doing this year he could handle this.

But then the first mandrake was unearthed, and not ten seconds later, Neville went down beside him in a heap to the earthy floor of the greenhouse.

Logically, his earmuffs probably weren’t on right. Logically, as Sprout had just explained, it was a paralytic cry and in a couple minutes once the roots were replanted the unconscious blonde would be right as rain.

Logic flew out the fucking window as Harry’s solid presence next to him suddenly disappeared.

“NEVILLE!”

Harry may have freaked out a little bit, and it was clearly a more violent reaction’s than Sprout who blinked widely at the scene.

“Oh dear,” She noted far too calmly for Harry’s panic.

“WHAT DO YOU MEAN OH DEAR?” He spun at her none-too-kindly, definitely loud enough to be heard over everyone’s earmuffs and she seemed taken aback by that for a second.

“Don’t worry, it’s just a temporary paralysis; let’s get these potted and he’ll come round in a couple minutes.” She did not seem alarmed by either a student of her’s passing out nor another student freaking out, and for some reason that pissed Harry off to unbelievable levels. At least he was suddenly angry though, instead of terrified out of his mind.

It was just that her response was so not good enough for Harry, who outright disregarded that gentle order to shove his pot towards Susan beside him in a silent command to take care of that while he bent down to inspect the now unconscious Neville on the ground beside him. He had just enough rationality left to recognize what Sprout had said and put his hands over Neville’s earmuffs, pressing them tighter in hopes the screaming of the mandrakes would be fully blocked out this time. He wasn’t strong enough to just pick the blond up and flee from the greenhouse, but he sure as hell wanted to.

It took a couple of very long minutes from Harry’s perspective, but in short order Neville’s blue eyes blinked open blearily, and then widened as he immediately realized what happened. He muttered something, but with the earmuffs and all the mandrake screaming, Harry had no hope of hearing him. He pressed his hands tighter and Neville got the message, replacing Harry’s hands with his own to hold them down tighter as the redhead bodily pulled him up—and if Neville thought they were going to go back to potting mandrakes, then he was an idiot.

Ensuring Neville was keeping his hands over his ears tightly he grabbed both their bags and abandoned their pots to Susan who looked to have it covered and all but dragged him from the greenhouse despite Neville realizing halfway through what was happening and attempting to put up a mild fight.

“-rry! Harry.”

They were a distance from the greenhouses and well safe from the screams when he felt his earmuffs come off, turning to the quiet demand to see Neville having taken his off and removing Harry’s own for him, wide eyes concerned.

“We didn’t need to leave, it was my fault I didn’t put them on right.” He sighed, but Harry pretended not to have heard him.

“That quack of a professor!” He declared, still shouting although they were now the only ones in earshot on the vast grounds around them.

“Harry, forgive her,” Neville seemed annoyingly amused by his reaction while Harry was still pissy and worked up about the whole thing.

“No! She’s as bad as Hooch!”

“She’s not as bad as Hooch.” Neville repeated him calmly and Harry deflated.

“Be more annoyed!”

“No.”

“Argh!” He tossed his hands up, recognizing a losing battle, but still too full of… emotion and things and nowhere to put it to be reasonable.

Neville liked Sprout and Herbology too much to be swayed now and if he were calmer Harry would’ve realized it would’ve been like someone trying to tell him not to like McGonagall if she messed up in class one time, but he wasn’t exactly calm right then. Not panicking anymore as Neville was awake and talking once more, but he still agitated to hell.

“She told us what was going to happen and about the safety precautions we have to take. It’s my fault my earmuffs weren’t on tight enough.” Harry felt like Neville might as well be patting him on the head for the tone he was speaking in, and he didn’t much like it but recognized he was the last person to be arguing on the side of safety.

“We’re not going back there.” He switched tactics, but Neville caught it easily.

“You can’t keep me away from the mandrakes forever. They’re our term project.” He raised one eyebrow pointedly. “Or were you planning to do the whole project yourself?”

Harry gave him a positively aghast look, which caused the blonde to dissolve into laughter himself. “I resent the implication!”

“Is it wrong?”

“No!” He cried indignantly, Neville just laughing harder. “But still! Rude!”

“Well if you don’t want to go back for today, what do you want to do?” Neville pointed out, and Harry realized they’d missed the majority of class. Sprout’s lecture hadn’t been nearly as long as it felt like so there was too much time between now and their next class—and if McGonagall saw them loitering outside her classroom an hour before class time started when she knew darn well her second years should be in Herbology right now… well, that wouldn’t be the best way to start term.

He glanced out across the grounds and had an idea.

“Let’s see what Hagrid’s up to.”

000

Before he knew it, Harry was walking towards the Slytherin table as people crowded into the Great Hall for lunch.

After his scare in Herbology, having a literal gallon of tea with Hagrid and Neville had done wonders to calm him back down, and then of course Transfiguration had been a highlight which further centered him. It was easy to flip back into a more clinical persona, there to talk magic and spell equations more than emotions or holidays.

And Professor McGonagall hadn’t asked them about their summers aside from wishing they were good, before jumping right back into course work for which Harry was thrilled. He was less thrilled that the actual work was boring as hell—he really was far ahead and thanks for this magical core issues wasn’t allowed to even perform magic beyond exactly what was being asked of them in class. Meaning a second-year spell he’d perfected since before last Christmas and could do with his eyes closed (and running around, and behind his back, and several times at once… you got the point).

McGonagall was already very aware he could already do this spell and they’d already talked about it at length in the past too, so she spent most of the time helping others instead of fighting (ahem, discussing) with him. He in turn spent most of his time helping Neville beside him but apparently he was a pretty good teacher because Neville actually had it before class was over, so they actually managed to start their homework. All in all it wasn’t the most exciting class ever but it wasn’t hard and the small sense of peace that came with knowing exactly what was going on and that he could fully handle it was a rather nice boost to his morale.

And then… Defense Against the Dark Arts.

Woo boy, that’s going to be a wild ride, Harry thought wryly. Lockhart was, essentially, a vain idiot of epic proportions. The first quiz he’d given them about his favorite colors or ‘most impressive’ achievements, and if reading through Transfiguration textbooks and being able to already understand that most authors didn’t need to be saying anything true to get it published into a book told him anything, then Harry was 95% sure Lockhart hadn’t written any of the works they’d been required to buy. Or, maybe he had as it was appropriately juvenile, flourishing language that in no way got to the point anytime quick like they were adventure novels instead of textbooks, but him actually having done any of it… yeah, probably not.

Some things ran true… Harry had actually read most of the book prior to term because, as he said they read like adventure novels and were easy to get through even if it was more for a laugh than for education, so he did know some parts of it weren’t totally made up. The chapter on facing a mountain troll had been a little too real if also a lot less graphic than his own encounter, which meant there was a thread of truth to them buried beneath all the flowery bullshit but… Harry wasn’t entirely sure what to make of that.

He knew Lockhart himself definitely did not face a mountain troll though because ‘talking it down to have tea before surprise attacking it’ was not something one did with a troll, period.

Still, the class itself was probably going to be a breeze. One look at the farce of a quiz he’d been given and Harry already knew how to get a top score without studying a damn thing—he simply gushed about how brave and heroic his idiot professor was, pulling out all the stops to flatter an inhumanly large ego with small anecdotes from his books that he could recall and Lockhart had actually started reading his quiz results as an example of a ‘great score’. Dean and Seamus had looked horrified before Harry shot them a mocking wink and they’d caught on quickly, reevaluating how they handled this class themselves.

Were they going to learn anything this year? Probably not. But they’d coast happily on easy ‘O’s for the time being if they could make it though the long classes of him boasting about himself.

So while not an actual good class, the whole experience had been rather entertaining.

He figured he wasn’t going to get a better shot as being put-together than now, and he did need to put in an appearance at the Slytherin table sooner rather than later. Better now when his mood was the highest it’d probably get for a while, rather than wait for the next thing to throw him off guard and make this all the harder later.

And besides…

“Harry!” Draco spotted him first, obviously, but he noted that a lot of Slytherins took visible notice of him at the blond’s call even if they didn’t react. The new first years he spotted looked at him with wide eyes but also didn’t do anything—so clearly the house of snakes had been talking, not that he ever assumed they wouldn’t.

Harry felt a sense of nostalgia slipping into the bench beside Draco and looking at his fellow second years across the table, even though it hadn’t really been that long.

“Happy start of term, Draco,” he greeted with a smile, instantly relaxing when Draco just flashed him a quick smile of his own. That’s right… he probably knew what happened with his parents and wasn’t about to rat him out in front of Blaise of all people, so for this meal he at least had one ally and he wouldn’t just be dumped into the deep end with the sharks.

Speaking of…

“Potter, nice of you to grace us.” The Zabini in question sniffed a bit pompously at him, the obvious implication and sass automatically making Harry smile. He hadn’t even realized how easy bantering with Blaise was, but it snapped back into place like a switch turning on, much to his joy.

“Couldn’t go half a day of term without me Blaise? Knew you’d miss me.”

“As if.” He sniffed again, somehow looking down his nose at him despite sitting.

“I had things to do—mad you don’t rank in my priorities?”

“As if.” It was indignant now, but Harry seemed to have passed whatever test the boy had posed and now he grinned widely in more reasonable greeting than his faked cold indifference. “I was merely missing my morning entertainment is all.”

“Glad I could be of service to you, however as I said there was mischief to be had elsewhere this morning and you don’t rank compared to mischief.” Harry stuck his tongue out at him oh-so-maturely and the Zabini snickered. At the casual air Harry couldn’t help himself from asking. “Aren’t you going to ask? I thought you’d ask.”

“What, that you missed the train? Please, everyone knew as soon as we left the station and Draco already confirmed that his father confirmed it was a fluke with the barrier so it’s not even good gossip. That was so yesterday, do try and keep up.” Blaise dismissed him rather rudely, helping himself to the food laid out in front of them like he was already bored of the conversation. Harry let out a rather amused sigh.

“Is it weird to say I missed you?”

“Yes.” Theo deadpanned without even pausing as he turned the page in his ever-present book on his lap. He didn’t even have any food in front of him.

“Theo!” Harry lit up at the reminder that the quietest Slytherin actually had a voice. “You still like me right, summer didn’t change your mind? I’m allowed to call you Theo?”

The small boy sighed once as if very put upon, but his eyes were a lot softer than they’d been historically as he glanced up once.

“Yes.” He allowed simply, before turning back to his book and honestly that was all Harry needed from him to be on cloud nine.

“Aren’t you going to eat?” Draco butt in as he too noticed Theo’s lack of plate and the blue eyes lost all their warmth as he shot the blond a glare. “Don’t give me that!”

“I assume Draco told you about our new Defense Professor.” Blaise ignored the two immediately and addressed Harry who blinked at the sudden change of pace. Last year he was really here for Draco alone, and Blaise put on a show of lowering himself to talk (bicker) with him, while Theo never said a thing and no one aside from Harry himself ever actually tried to entice him into a conversation (and given how little success he’d had, he now knew it was because the rest of house had already acknowledged a losing battle for what it was and hadn’t bothered to try). Draco suddenly bothering Nott like the mother hen he was and Blaise drawing him into an actual one-one-one conversation was, not brand new but definitely a new dynamic that was not how the status quo had always been.

He certainly wasn’t complaining though as Blaise had sat up straight and his tone implied this was going to be gossip and if he was in on the Slytherin grape vine, all the better.

“I had him third block. Bit of a glory hound?”

“To say it lightly,” The Zabini sniffed delicately. “Fourth years had him second block and said he’s a vain idiot.” He declared bluntly.

Harry was so tempted to make a jibe about why he didn’t like him then, but barely refrained. He needed information and pissing off the hand feeding you wasn’t the best move.

“Yeah, I’ve already confirmed we’re not getting anything done in Defense this year either.” He sighed wearily. “At this rate our OWLs are going to suck.”

“No one’s done great on the DADA OWLs in years,” Blaise dismissed promptly. “Not without a private tutor at least.” And by the smug implication he did have one, Harry made note that maybe he should look into that. He had half a mind to get a muggle math tutor, adding another wouldn’t be that bad probably.

He was not about to ask Blaise for references though—add it to the list of things to ask Daphne later.

“I’m more concerned about our grades for now though, forget fifth year.” Theo chimed up—clearly mid-way through Draco saying something by the blond’s indignant squawk at being interrupted. “You said the first quiz was about his favorite colors and stuff, right? How the hell are we supposed to not fail that in the mean time?”

“Just tell him what he wants to hear.” Harry shrugged. “I did read his book and it was stupidly easy to get through—like a child wrote it. His favorite color is blue and just talk about how fantastic and brave he is on the quiz and he loves it. There—easy O.”

Theo frowned deeply while Blaise tisked in annoyance.

“Bit free of information from the Gryffindor.” He complained, Harry just rolling his eyes in response.

“Lockhart is not the hill I’ll die on—he’s really not worth trading anything for.” He waved it off. “Besides I’m still just happy Theo is talking to me.”

Said boy flashed a wry smile as he mulled that advice over while Blaise got even more annoyed.

“Hey, I was the first Slytherin who’d talk to you!”

“No, Draco was.”

“Well I’m the most important Slytherin who talks to you!”

Harry couldn’t help but laugh at that and ignored the complaints as he started eating, the conversation swiftly moving to other topics as it always did at the snake table and he chimed in here and there. Most of it was class related with the occasional observation into house politics—just some minor stuff but Harry was thrilled he was actually allowed to sit here and listen in on at least a portion of it instead of them censoring themselves while the Gryffindor was at the table.

As it was he didn’t learn anything useful as most snakes were in the same boat: it was only the first day so most of their plans and plots hadn’t even taken form yet, much less been started. They couldn’t gossip about others plots if no one actually had them yet.

He got so caught up in listening and taking notes, he almost didn’t notice his goblet replace itself with some distinctly not pumpkin juice.

Madam Pomfrey had warned him his drink at meals would magically supply him with the potions he was required to take for the next couple weeks, and she would know if he ignored it or didn’t take it somehow, and he didn’t doubt her. It had taken some doing to convince her that he’d be fine for quidditch when the season started, but she was not above using keeping him off the pitch as a threat if he started skimping on any of the orders she’d given him, potions regimen included. Given almost all of what Draco had wrote to him this summer about was him training to try out for the open spot on the Slytherin team, Harry was not about to miss his first match (which would be against the snakes, and therefore Draco) for the world.

The way Pomfrey had talked, it sounded like she had a way of getting McGonagall, who was even more quidditch obsessed than Draco, to agree to keep him grounded if he put up a fuss and if that wasn’t a terrifying thought Harry didn’t know what was. He actually could not conceive of what the mediwitch had on the Transfiguration Professor to give her that kind of leverage and it was kind of frightening.

He didn’t plan on messing with his health just because these potions tasted like actual vomit in any case. If they could magically fix him and get him back into shape enough to play quidditch in only a couple short weeks, then by all means he’d down a hundred of these nasty things.

The hard part was keeping his face straight as he drank it, and luckily the Gryffindors around him at breakfast this morning noticed neither his drink suddenly becoming not-pumpkin-juice, but also were too busy laughing at something the twins did to notice his expression when he downed it quickly (he’d been waiting for everyone to look away after all).

At the Slytherin table though, that was too much to hope for.

“What’s that?” It was only kind of surprising that it was Nott who noticed and brought it up—but then again if Neville had a wallflower superpower, Theo was just as good at fading into the background with the added bonus of also being observant as hell. He’d never exercised or shown he could be so observant, but given how he would immediately disappear into thin air when shit was about to go down long before even Harry realized what was happening, he shouldn’t be surprised the guy was sharp as a tack when it came to his surroundings. No matter if he was literally always pretending (or maybe not pretending, it was hard to tell) to be reading.

Still, it coming from Theo being a surprise, the question being asked was not. He knew he couldn’t get away with it for long at the snake table, and while he hadn’t expected to be caught literally two seconds after his drink changed, he still had an excuse prepared and ready to go for this very situation. So it didn’t take him off guard and he made a point of looking slightly abashed, like he’d been caught. Going by Draco’s frown and Blaise perking up in interest like he smelled gossip, he knew they bought it.

“Ah.” He cleared his throat and they seemed to pay slightly more attention. “So, recall that I’m pretty good at Transfiguration?”

“You destroying Montague over a Transfiguration paper is literally seared into my brain, so yeah.” Blaise scoffed, but did seem rather dreamy about the statement much to Harry’s amusement.

“Yeah, apparently that’s not so good.” He ‘admitted’, ‘reluctantly’, and all three of them raised their brows almost in sync. Draco gave him a look but before he could get scolded Harry continued quickly. “I’m fine, but ah, yesterday Pomfrey insisted on checking me out since, you know, I ran into a wall—” He ignored the snickers form Blaise at that “—and she noticed my magical core was a bit off. Apparently using upper year magic too early messed with it so she wants to give me potions and blocks and all that until it settles.”

They all stared at him for a beat too long, before Blaise shrugged noncommittally.

“Well you did have bouts of accidental magic after getting to Hogwarts, and they were kind of hard to forget.” He teased dryly, and Harry rolled his eyes.

“Harry seriously obey whatever she says—magical core issues are super dangerous to both you and everyone around you.” Draco’s frown was a thing to behold and Harry had a slightly horrifying thought that he looked like his mother right then.

He was thankfully more distracted by realizing that was the second time someone had implied he might explode over this issue, so he wasn’t exactly about to put up a fight.

“I wasn’t going to argue I was just explaining why this suddenly appeared in my cup. Knowing that one in particular, if I didn’t just come out with the reason he’d make something up to tell everyone.” He pointed at Blaise who made a face.

“Excuse you, I do not do fake gossip. If you hear it from me then it’s damn credible and that’s why I’m the best source of information.” He boasted proudly.

“But you’d happily tell everyone I was taking some unknown potion at meals and let them conjure up their own assumptions of what it was.”

He paused as he considered that for a second… then grinned as if that mental image was highly attractive to him.

“Yeah, probably.” He allowed far too cheerily to be sane.

“But that’s a nutrient potion.” Theo was not to be swayed and essentially ignored Blaise’s interruption to get back on point.

Damn Slytherins, being so good at potions. Isn’t that supposed to be a stereotype? Harry grumbled internally, slightly at a loss as he hadn’t thought up an excuse to why he needed this specific potion, more that he just needed potions and true to his words to Blaise, was going to let them assume it was some high level potion to fix blocks they didn’t know about yet.

Luckily, Draco unknowingly saved him.

“Theoretically if his magical core is being taxed it might stunt normal growing so it’s probably just to be sure. Better safe than sorry and nutrient potions only help, even if you’re not deficient: if you have blocks on your magical core it's not supporting your health normally so it may also be a reassurance you're still getting everything you need even without your magic. They’re nasty tasting but can only do some good.” He explained automatically and Theo seemed to accept that logic.

Blaise looked far too gleeful at it too.

“Ha. You’re stunted.”

“I take it back, I didn’t miss you at all.”

“Deficient then.” He decided with a smirk.

“In fact my time away from you is a joy!”

“How far ahead are you reading to be able to know that, Malfoy?” Theo once again ignored them to turn back to the blond, who just shrugged.

“Not that far, I don’t know how to make it or anything. And says you—you could recognize it too.”

Nott didn’t answer that in a silent touché, but instead turned back to Harry with a small frown. “But she put blocks on you?”

“Yeah. Only for a couple weeks until she’s sure it’s fine, I think.” He winced, not even pretending to as he knew Draco wasn’t going to like this next part. “I’m also not allowed to play quidditch until then either which sucks.”

As expected the blond seemed to spasm a bit, but collected himself rather quickly to simply be tense beside him on the bench, expression grumpy as hell. “Well if you’ll be fine by the first game that’s okay.” Although he said it like it was pulling teeth rather than him being generous, but Harry figured that was the best case scenario with his cactus-like friend.

“Yes Draco, I’m pretty sure it’ll be fixed by then, don’t worry I can kick your ass without any damage to my health.”

“Over my dead body.” He shot back instantly.

“The blocks won’t affect classwork?” Theo was not to be deterred, Harry was amused to note.

“She said it shouldn’t, I’m just not allowed to do my Transfiguration work much less read ahead like I have been.” He pouted at that, and it was not a lie in the slightest this time. He wasn’t done with his joke book after all! “I mean I can read, just not practice it without supervision. McGonagall knows so she’s excusing me from practical work for now, I’ll just have to show it all to her at a later date to make up for it.” Which would be trivially easy, honestly.

Harry was pretty sure he’d already showed her all the spells he could do last year after giving her his duro paper, which included every single second-year Transfiguration spell and quite a few third-year ones too. If McGonagall would ever allow it (which she wouldn’t) he could probably skip every class this year and still ace the final exam. Hell he could probably take it tomorrow and do fine, so missing a couple weeks of work literally did not matter to him.

And he wasn’t interested in working ahead in any other class so the blocks were a non-issue for now.

“What about like Charms and Defense?” Draco wondered.

“Do you honestly think we’re ever going to get to practical work in Defense? Because having met Lockhart, I don’t.” He scoffed. “And Pomfrey wasn’t worried about Charms; she said second-year Charms’ spells were light enough it shouldn’t bother me. It’s mostly because I’ve put too much emphasis on Transfiguration.”

Draco narrowed his eyes as he digested that information before abruptly deciding he bought it and nodding pointedly at the potion in front of them.

“Okay so obey her and drink that.”

“Oh my god I was going to! I was explaining first!”

“Do it now.”

“Shut up!”

Be it he was arguing too loud or the general volume of the Great Hall, but whatever it was he wasn’t sure if he just imagined Theo muttered quietly under his breath, ‘he’s gotten worse.’





Chapter 42: Book 2 : Envy : 9




“I think I’m going to walk around the lake, I’ve missed the grounds.” Harry announced as they left the Great Hall post-lunch. The great thing about his schedule was that he had no Monday afternoon classes, and it was honestly a relief to have such a light first day of the week. Tomorrow was double potions and then History of Magic, which would just be flat out painful, so he’d take the break while he could.

“I mean we do have homework.” Blaise couldn’t let the jab go, but unfortunately for him, neither could Harry.

“Transfiguration homework? Ha. Beetle wings was so last year Blaise, do try to keep up.” He tossed the Zabini’s own words right back at him, and earned a wicked grin for his troubles as they parted ways. The only person who didn’t follow suit was Draco, who silently followed Harry’s lead out the front door instead of accompanying his dormmates back to wherever it was they were going to study. Day one or not, Slytherins were not ones to procrastinate and they had homework so that is what they would be doing on their break before their last class of the day. Even Blaise who liked to pretend he was a natural genius would not be caught being behind on his work when everyone else had already done it—not going to happen in this lifetime without a damn good reason, even if he wasn’t a bookworm in the slightest.

Draco and he hadn’t had a chance to talk alone since that day in Diagon though, so it wasn’t exactly a shock Draco was taking the first opportunity he could to corner him again, work taking a lesser priority for once. And Harry himself had seen it coming when he announced he was going for a walk, so he braced himself for this conversation and reminded himself that he wasn’t afraid to talk to Draco—as much as he’d dragged his heels the first time, he’d felt better after seeking comfort in his friend so hopefully this would go the same route again.

To Harry’s surprise though, as soon as they were well away from the castle and starting to walk around the lake, the blond jumped to a topic he was not expecting. Or, back to a topic Harry thought he’d addressed already.

“Are you really okay with the blocks and things? Magical core issues are not to be underestimated.”

“I’m fine, Draco.” Harry sighed a bit lightly, although he knew being annoyed with Draco’s pestering was a bit of a dick-move. He only did it because he cared, so Harry used all his acting skills to pretend he was more patient then he was.

“Blaise is going to tell everyone, you know.”

“I mean sure? Figured he would.”

“No, I think you missed the point of it, and that’s what he’s going to be telling everyone.”

Harry frowned at that, shooting him a curious look. “Huh? The point?”

“You have a new magical block on you, and it won’t affect your classwork. Put even a small block on anyone else our age and we wouldn’t be able to perform a levitating charm, but you don’t have an issue.” He explained plainly, and Harry got a sinking feeling in his stomach. Hm… maybe his cover wasn’t as flawless as he thought it was—or it was creating a problem he hadn’t realized would be a problem in the first place. “Combined with your very visible accidental magic incidents last year and the rumors about how much magical power you have is going to go crazy. I know that’s what Blaise was thinking at lunch just now—Nott too actually, but Blaise is the one who’s going to tell everyone.”

And everyone is going to think it’s because I’m the Boy Who Lived, is what he’s saying. Great.

“Wonderful.” He sighed, a lot louder and more annoyed this time. “Since you seem to know so much about it… what would you say if I were, like… still having accidental magic incidents?”

Harry winced as Draco’s blond head snapped to the left to stare intently at the side of his face, although he refused to turn and meet whatever expression he was wearing.

“Please don’t look at me like that.”

“Harry, you have to listen to Pomfrey. That’s so not good.”

“Yeah, figured that’s what you’d say.” He grumbled, and he sensed the look he was getting become ever worse, so he waved it off quickly. “I’m obeying, I’m obeying…”

Draco accepted that for a couple long minutes as they walked around the lake and enjoyed the September weather… it really was a nice day and Harry had definitely missed the outdoors lately. And Hogwarts had quite the grounds worth enjoying after all, so this was kind of perfect.

Until Draco broke the silence again, and Harry tensed up and the innocuous question.

“Can I ask…?”

No. He thought honestly, but not answering wasn’t really in his realm of options. He didn’t tell Draco a lot of things, and he’d flat out admitted to Draco’s face he wasn’t telling him everything so…

He had promised that if he could share, he would, and Draco hadn’t been upset about the fact that implied there was a ton of things he wasn’t saying. He still felt kind of guilty about all he wasn’t sharing with his so called best friend, so this was… a safe middle ground, of sorts. He shifted a bit uncomfortably and walked a tick faster so Draco wasn’t directly beside him as he answered.

“I dunno what happened. I think I broke my relatives’ kitchen.”

He heard the frown in Draco’s voice. “Over the summer? I mean maybe it’s just-” Harry got curious and turned to look at him when he cut himself off, seeing the blond shake his head rapidly. “No! No, don’t listen to me, listen to Pomfrey—whatever she says.”

Harry was slightly amused at that, and kind of surprised he wasn’t going to question why he’d been emotional enough for his magic to lash out.

Was he about to wonder what went wrong with my core? Not what went wrong with me, but my magic?

That was kind of funny.

Draco was always like that though. It was never quite about them as people, always more about what they could be doing at that moment to fix things. And fixing a broken heart or terrified soul wasn’t really in his realm of things he could fix, so he always defaulted on things he could—like damaged magical cores or people not finishing their lunches.

If Neville was just there to be a support and a kind ear, Draco was the exact opposite—he didn’t want to hear it, he just wanted to fix it. And maybe that was kind of annoying because not everything could be fixed, but Harry couldn’t hate him for it either. There was a kind of naïve optimism in an attitude like that, that Harry was both tempted to squash out of him immediately and also protect it with everything he had so as not to ruin the bright mental image Draco had clearly created of the world around him. It was both kind of foolish and infinitely precious.

On a whim, he recalled a conversation he had with Neville last year and he spoke without thinking.

“Are you interested in healing, Draco?”

“Healing?” His blond head tilted in legitimate confusion. “Never considered it. I thought I’d be a barrister, the times I did think about it which is not a lot.”

“If I recall what Pomfrey said, to be a healer you needed to be good at potions and charms, and be willing to answer annoying children’s questions.”

The blond snorted none too kindly. “Well, I can put up with you, so it seems I’m well on my way.”

“Hey!” Harry’s indignant cry was ruined by his laughter too. He really did have a point there, much to Harry’s chagrin.

“Besides, I’m not that much of a people person,” Draco seemed to dismiss the entire conversation entirely, but Harry wasn’t so sure.

He… didn’t actually know what to make of that statement. Not a people person—no, not outright he supposed as Draco was more than willing to tell people off to their faces, as well as be rude and demeaning of anyone he deemed not good enough— and those who fell into that category were not a small number either. But… he also liked to talk, and he liked to talk a lot. He and Blaise would not be friends any other way.

Draco liked attention, and drama.

He was way more careful about it these days and he’d learned from last year that being the center of attention for bad reasons could make his life really difficult, but never let it be said he wasn’t always trying to come out on top not only because he had the desire to be in charge, but also because he just genuinely liked when people looked and obeyed and admired him. While he actively chose not to talk to people who weren’t Slytherin if Harry wasn’t forcing him to, he could talk to anyone. It was probably rude as hell, but he didn’t hesitate in conversation and he most certainly wasn’t shy with anyone, ever. Harry had never once seen him duck his head or avoid eye contact for any reason, even if he hated or respected the person he was talking to.

And he also very clearly could care about people if he wanted to. He literally just spent twenty minutes bothering Theo until he ate half a sandwich (which earned him no favors with the boy by Nott’s death glare the entire time), and Harry had started calling him a mother hen behind his back literally weeks into knowing him.

It seemed he had this weird state of going from zero to a hundred real quick—if he didn’t care about someone, they could be bleeding out in front of him and he wouldn’t even blink. If he did though, there was no escape and you would be watched and bothered and fretted after until you kind of hated him for it.

It was a very weird line, and Harry wasn’t sure if it qualified him as being a people person or not.

Harry wasn’t actually sure you needed to be a people person to be a healer even, as Draco was already well set in his attitude of fixing the issue and not the person. He didn’t need to be able to chat or get chummy with people to fix bruises or bones, although maybe his idea of what healing magic entailed was a bit skewed given his past experiences.

“If you say so.” He let it go, because he honestly had no opinion on it either way, and just like he wouldn’t push Neville for his off the cuff suggestions, he wasn’t about to do that to Draco either.

He blew out a deep breath, knowing they were just beating around the bush and kind of wanting to get it over with already. He’s given it some thought already too, so he had… some words to say on the matter and felt as prepared as he’d ever be to do this. Not ready, exactly, but knowing there wasn’t going to be a better time and some things really needed to be said up front.

“So… about yesterday.”

“Yeah, my father wrote and said Mother got her hands on you.” Harry automatically winced at Draco’s flat tone. “How bad.” He demanded in a deadpan.

For some reason. Draco’s own nerves about what his mother had done relaxed Harry to a point. It was surprisingly amusing that he wasn’t the only one tense about this conversation, so he smiled a bit weakly.

“Not… that bad. I mean she’s nice… I just really hope I didn’t say something you didn’t want me to. She’s really good at talking.”

“I guess,” He frowned thoughtfully. “I wouldn’t worry about spilling anything, somehow she always knows more than I think I know, and I’ve just come to accept that by now.”

“Oh.” Yeah, she definitely struck him as that kind of woman. “That’s… good?”

“Annoying as hell, but sure, good.” Draco rolled his eyes. “I know Father just disappears and leaves people to her, and despite being my mother I still don’t know what she’s after on a good day. Sorry if it was a bit much and I couldn’t be there.”

“It wasn’t your fault the barrier broke at the worst time possible.” Harry forgave him with a slightly more earnest smile. “Although I should thank you too, I mean… I didn’t know them, but I knew they were right on the other side of the barrier and were kind of the only adults I even semi-trusted at the moment so…”

“That’s fine, better than just sitting there and never making it to Hogwarts at all. Although sorry it had to be my mother you had to go through to get here.” He gave a very put-upon sigh, earning a larger smile this time.

“She wasn’t that bad.”

“That’s what she wants you to think.” He pouted rather playfully. “Well, whatever it is, I can say while it’s probably not pleasant, she’s not after anything bad. I mean she actually really likes kids, I’m pretty sure she wanted me to have like six siblings.”

Now that was a surprise, and Harry had to fix his expression to not seem so outwardly shocked about it. He knew better than to ask why she hadn’t had them, but it was oddly reassuring to hear in a weird way. Also… it kind of explained why the one child she did have was spoiled to hell.

Be it Draco misinterpreting his silence or he was just more observant than Harry ever gave him credit for, but he glanced at him and dropped his playful dramatic act to be a bit more serious.

“Harry, be honest.”

And that was what he’d been avoiding… but now was not the time for that. So he took a solid breath and mulled over his words carefully.

“Would you… be mad if I maybe was kind of mad at her?” He started, and seeing Draco’s confused expression elaborated a bit. “For like… I dunno. I’m not that much of Gryffindor to not realize she was up to something but also not good enough of a Slytherin to be able to be able to do anything about it.”

“Father can’t escape her, your Slytherin qualities or not have nothing to do with it.” He dismissed uncaringly, before his face flickered in actual concern at the red head’s expression. “What is it?”

“I don’t like being helpless.” He admitted in a soft tone, and despite it being a legitimately huge weak spot he was offering up here… somehow it didn’t feel wrong to admit it to Draco of all people. Especially not when the blond visibly paused to really listen for a moment, and it encouraged him to keep going.

“She made me feel very… very helpless and whether she had good intentions or not I—I kind of hate that. Like a lot, Draco, I really hate it.” He tried to pour how much he meant that into his tone, and by Draco’s expression he knew he was being heard. “She was nice and all but I really didn’t like spending all day that way. It’s scary and I got really worked up and I know she’s your mom and everything but… I wanted to tell you honestly. Because I really did want to visit you this summer but she kind of… well it wasn’t as fun as riding the train with you, it was kind of the exact opposite.” His cheeks got hot as it was kind of… exposing to admit it, especially to the son of the woman in question, but thankfully Draco didn’t seem offended.

He did spend a long minute in silence though, thinking it over.

In the quiet, Harry felt obligated to back track a little. “You’re still my best friend you know. That’s why I wanted to tell you honestly.”

The blond looked surprised at that for a second before nodding slowly. “I can’t really just think differently of my own Mother, but I get you don’t want to be left alone with her ever again. I’m even her son and I can relate.” It was only half a joke, but Harry knew what he was doing so laughed quietly anyway—anything to break the tense atmosphere. “She’s pushy and rude about it while pretending to be polite. I won’t get offended if you don’t like her, promise.”

“I wouldn’t say that exactly, but not wanting to spend a ton of time around her is kind of accurate.” He admitted, wincing a bit. “Maybe that’s just how moms are? I… I guess I don’t actually know.”

Draco’s frown was really a thing to behold at that, but luckily he just remained quiet as that sunk in, and they kept walking in a slightly less-awkward state than before.

Eventually, Draco perked up and tossed his head back, abruptly regaining some of his bravado.

“Well, Greengrass says I’m a bad excuse for a common Slytherin and maybe I can admit that, despite her being mine, my mother isn’t exactly the best example of a regular mother either.” He allowed generously in a way that also seemed highly arrogant, and Harry couldn’t help but laugh.

Which seemed to be exactly what the Slytherin was after as he smiled in self-satisfaction.

“I think the not listening to their kids because they’re adults who think they know better is a universal parental thing though. At least I’m pretty sure.” He pointed out lightly.

“I guess.” Harry hadn’t considered that. “Maybe it’s just an adult thing in general?”

“Probably.”

“Except McGonagall.” Harry corrected, and at his questioning look continued. “She listens to me when I talk Transfiguration and actually responds as if I’m an equal. Think that’s why I like her so much.”

“Huh. I think I like Severus for that reason too. Even when I was little and he was just starting to teach me potions, the fact I was like six didn’t excuse any mistakes I made and he’d treat me like a real student, not just a kid.”

“Not sure that’s quite the same…”

“How is it not!?”

“I’m pretty sure Snape doesn’t know how to talk to kids, so he just defaults like they’re adults.” Harry snickered at him.

The funniest part though was that Draco was clearly going to argue that before visibly halting mid-thought and reconsidering, and then getting super annoyed when he couldn’t actually confirm that wasn’t the case.

“Whatever.” He snipped in irritation, and Harry dissolved into giggles at his expression. Oh so tactfully he switched topics to get away from his grouchy godfather, and Harry had mercy and let him do it. “Do you have any plans for this year?”

He was relieved to be past talking about Mrs. Malfoy for the moment, but at the casual question his mind sprung to life at everything he’d been ignoring for the time being. He somehow knew Draco was talking about Montague-like plans: Slytherin plans, and realized most of the snake house probably came in to the school year with an ultimate goal that had nothing to do with classes. Even if they didn’t have plans in motion so early into term, they definitely had a goal in mind as evidenced by the conversations he’d heard snippets of at lunch.

It was very ego-boosting to know Draco considered him enough of a snake to ask about his plans so casually, as if it was a given he would have something up his sleeve. Asked so casually, as if he’d be asking the same question to any one of his housemates given the chance.

But honestly… Harry hadn’t given any structured thought to what he wanted out of this year just yet. Get to Hogwarts had been the biggest mountain this past summer, with literally everything going wrong with that plan and it almost not even happening in the final stretch, but now that he was here he’d been so relieved and caught up in trying to breathe deeply and get over his intense, painful relief that the holiday break was over that he hadn’t refocused yet into planning for his next task or challenge or goal yet.

Frankly, he needed some time to not plan or scheme or do anything, but instead just enjoy being back in the castle with his friends. For the next couple weeks he had not considered doing a damn thing but waking up, going to classes, and lazing about Gryffindor tower with his Transfiguration joke book for company.

After that though… he hadn’t considered what exactly he was after but so far as plans went, now that Draco brought the question up… yeah, he did have a goal in mind.

Well, the goal itself was simple, the execution… not so much.

And it wasn’t so much a goal, as it was a defined fact:

He wasn’t going back to Private drive.

They weren’t going to take him alive if they tried.

In reality it wasn’t going to be that drastic if he was smart about this, but he was up against Albus Dumbledore and he already suspected that that would be… challenging. Worst case, he couldn’t do it in a year and needed some kind of work around to avoid anyone knowing where he was going for next summer—somehow slipping out of Hogwarts or off the train or even taking off into the floo network at King’s Crossing Station as soon as the express got back to muggle London at the end of the school year and just fleeing before anyone could stop him. He could go into hiding for the summer, somehow, probably with a lot of help from Axeclaw and maybe even Blaise or Daphne. They were pretty untouchable even from Dumbledore and while he could probably trade something to the Greengrass family for their help, Blaise would probably get a huge amount of glee in pulling one over on the old man just on principle. Spending the summer with Blaise was a terrifying thought, but Harry knew he’d gone to Italy for this past summer and that was looking like a pretty attractive hiding spot if he could swing it. Not even Voldemort had tried the Italian wizards in the entirety of the war, so that was likely as safe as he was going to get for one summer from Dumbledore.

Besides, Blaise would be thirteen by then and if what Draco had told him was true, be getting a lot more pressure from his mother to start making connections (dating, Draco translated much to Harry’s horror) and Blaise had already asked him to marry him once. Weather he was joking or not (honestly Harry did not know with him anymore), Harry knew he was rich and the “Potter” name was not unattractive to leeches like the Zabini family, so Dalia Zabini would probably welcome him along on their trip if she thought her son was getting black widow practice out of it.

Harry would not enjoy spending the summer that way, but it’d be a far cry from being locked in a shed for certain. And the knowledge he was 100% safe from both is relatives and Albus Dumbledore would be more than worth the trade of having to spend a couple months surviving Blaise as his worst—and Harry suspected it was definitely a lot worse than he’d ever witnessed the guy be so far.

He wouldn’t be able to get away with it twice though, as he’d have the element of surprise at the end of this year if he kept his plans close to his chest, but it was only if he couldn’t find a better solution in one year and needed some more time to see it through. The ultimate goal was to never be forced to go back to Private Drive, and he didn’t actually know the kind of challenges were in front of him for that aside from the legality of it all that Axeclaw had explained. As of yet he had no concept of what he needed to do, not to mention anything closely resembling a plan of how to do it, so he couldn’t confirm if he could do it in one year or would need two. Best case scenario, he figured it out before September was out and could work on executing the plan the rest of the year same as he’d done previously, and then come the end of the year he’d be free to do as he pleased for the coming summer without the threat of the Dursleys haunting him ever again.

But to Draco’s question, as much as maybe he’d like to, Harry wasn’t sure about bringing in Draco to these plans of his until he… you know, had a plan worth sharing. The blond was certainly connected but even with their conversation in the alley he hadn’t quite wrapped his head around why he hated his relatives so much, and Harry wasn’t interested in trying to explain it again to convey how important this goal was to him.

And it was, critically important to him. If he brought Draco in he’d not only have to explain it, but also convince the blond to treat it as seriously as he was, and he wasn’t sure he could actually do that in the time frame he had.

And maybe that was all just excuses in the end, but it was as real to him now as any other fact he knew. For now it was his fight to win, or to lose. He’d love to work alongside Draco but… it didn’t seem right, at least not before he knew what he was doing.

“Yeah, actually.” He finally admitted after mulling those thoughts over a bit. “I… I need to think about it a bit more though. I know what I want, just no idea what kind of plan I need to get it.”

“If you need help…?” Draco didn’t seem to mind he wasn’t going to say it, and Harry figured it was more than common enough for snakes to hide their plans even from each other. Obviously.

“Sure. Of course. You too?”

“Yeah same. I know what I want, no idea how to get it.” He gave another put-upon sigh and shot him a vaguely annoyed look that made no sense to Harry at all. It wasn’t the first time he’d been given that look though so he let it go. “Guess we’ll have to work it out.”

Harry liked that he was okay with keeping things from each other for now, but did recognize that Draco’s offer to help was very real, and… advise from a natural-born Slytherin wasn’t something to scoff at.

“What would you do if your opponent is stronger than you?” He probed, earned a curious grey eyed stare. “In every sense. Politically, magically, age…”

To his credit, Draco didn’t ask for details and just tilted his head back to think it over. “Ask Father, to start.” He admitted honestly, but by Harry’s unamused deadpan continued without prompting. “I would guess Father would say I’d need to cash in favors, and if I didn’t have any I’d have to get some. If it’s an adult you’re up against, you’ll need adult allies I’d think, no way around it.”

Harry pouted a bit at that. Adult allies? McGonagall, maybe?

No, the twins said she was loyal to Dumbledore… she was by far his favorite teacher and he did trust her, but that didn’t also mean she didn’t trust Dumbledore. Academic help was not the same thing as helping him go around Dumbledore’s wide range of influence to free himself from adults’ control—kids rarely got that kind of freedom in general and he was a bit more high profile than other orphans. She was the deputy headmistress and if the twins considered anything told to her to be something told to Dumbledore, Harry wasn’t prepared to distrust their word on that just yet, they were too good with information for that to be wild Gryffindor conjecture or something. At least, Harry thought he had a good feel for when the twins were spouting wild Gryffindor rhetoric, and this wasn’t something that fell into that category.

He didn’t have a great reason not to trust her, but he was still a Gryffindor and his instincts were extremely conflicted over it. And being conflicted over someone did not make them a good ally—maybe she’d help him, maybe she wouldn’t… maybe she’d think she was helping him and just make it worse.

Like Mrs. Malfoy.

Harry brushed it off quickly. The advice was sound, but he didn’t exactly have any adult allies to lean on right now, so he was still at square one.

Something else Draco might know though…

“…do you know the names Marlene McKinnon, Peter Pettigrew, or Remus Lupin?”

Draco blinked at the sudden change in conversation, but just furrowed his brow to try and remember.

“Pettigrew for certain—though I think it’s because his death was really well known at some point.” He admitted, which caused Harry to deflate a bit. He had figured the fact he’d never heard of most of these people despite them being in his parents’ will meant something had happened to them, but still… he’d had hope.

“Lupin and McKinnon ring a bell, they were magical lines at one point, though probably a while back as I think it’s from studying lineage like forever ago.” Draco squinted as he tried to recall. “I don’t know anyone by those names today though, much less those people specifically. I could ask my parents?”

“That’s okay, I might trade Daphne for it instead. Just wanted to check with you first.” He waved it off like that wasn’t hugely disappointing, switching gears a bit. “Does Longsgate or the Eileen Prince Foundation ring a bell?”

“Longsgate sort of does, I think Father’s mentioned it but I’m not sure. The foundation though—not a clue. Do you know what it is?”

“No.” He paused, but the fact the blond wasn’t pressing for details made it comfortable enough to try and offer up the details himself for once. “I ah… I finally got to read my parents will right before term started.”

Grey eyes fixed on him intently, but thankfully didn’t give much away, for which Harry was grateful. He still wasn’t sure how to feel about it himself, much less dealing with Draco’s emotions should he have them.

“Those are all in it?” Was all he asked instead.

“Yeah. All of it was news to me though—my relatives aren’t mentioned once, yet had all these people in it I’ve never met.”

“McKinnon and Lupin were older names though. There’s… I mean they could’ve died.”

“Yeah.” He let out a tired breath. He had figured as much.

“And the Foundation?”

“It was kind of… a lot to take in all at once. I didn’t ask my account manager about that specifically.”

“Right.” Draco simply accepted that, and it was probably the simplest conversation they’d ever had. The surprisingly oblivious snake must finally be picking up on some things after all this time to be able to read the room for once. “Speaking of a foundation, did you ever get an answer on your investment? That glasses shop, right? It could be a good opportunity depending on how it’s set up.”

“Oh, right,” Harry blinked, remembering one of the letters Axeclaw had given him when he first got to Gringotts had information on that. He couldn’t quite remember what it had said though… and it certainly felt like seven or eight lifetimes had passed since their conversations about finances and investments around this very same lake at the end of term last year.

That’s right… Draco had been tutoring him about how to handle the Potter-Monroe family estates like a pureblood. And that had only been a couple months ago. To Draco… nothing had changed.

Nothing had changed.

Business as usual… if only he could really believe that.

“How are the two related, if they were set up correctly or whatever?” He was happy to jump back into safer territory, and he enjoyed both the late summer breeze and Draco’s voice washing over him as they finished their walk around the grounds.

000

Getting back to Hogwarts was good.

Distance, helped. It helped a lot more than Harry had expected it to, but when you had things to do in a day and people to talk to and masks to wear, it made pushing terrible things that haunted the dark corners of your mind into, you know, a dark corner and ignore it for most of the day.

It helped that he was no longer required to be the instigator for a lot of his day-to-day activities like he was last year. The football club had been almost entirely taken over by Lu and Dean, and now it was less him trying to get people together and more Lu coming up to him to let him know when the next practice was. Wood hunted him down at the earliest opportunity to talk their quidditch practice schedule, and while he had the expected freak out that Harry couldn’t attend practices for the first couple weeks of term, upon hearing McGonagall supported it he shut right up (he knew what Harry knew, that if McGonagall was willing to risk quidditch for it then it was pretty damn serious). Classes were normal in that he was given work and had time to then do said work at his leisure, and he was procrastinating a lot less than he had last year. Hagrid sent him notes at breakfast inviting him to tea, the twins scooped him up for a minor prank here and there, Daphne approached him first for a deal to get his Transfiguration notes, Neville invited him to watch him garden in the Greenhouses, McGonagall provided him new texts or spells to research unprompted because she now knew he’d be interested in it, and even Blaise would occasionally appear to pick a fight with him before vanishing like he wasn’t actually searching out a Gryffindor just for his entertainment. Draco needed no prompting to go back to their in-school letter writing and now that Harry was actually responding, even if it was slower than it’d once been, he wasn’t nearly as pushy as he’d been over the summer.

He didn’t need to do anything, people came to him now. Which was good because he didn’t quite have the energy or spark he once did to go out and instigate things every single time. He still liked talking to his friends and being involved and busy, but he found himself hesitating or just keeping to himself when left alone—so people coming to him and asking him to get involved was a lot easier. It was kind of a relief to just accompany others on their own plans that they’re in charge of, and that he could just enjoy the ride without thinking too hard on it.

He also highly enjoyed the connections others seemed to have made without him: the best examples being Lu and Susan practically joined at the hip most days (and always arguing, from what Harry was seeing from a distance), and he’d actually caught Blaise having a civil conversation with Dean a couple times when Harry and Draco were forcing the two friend groups to co-exist for a time walking between classes. He’d even been taken very off guard to catch Daphne and Hannah huddled in the library not too soon after term started—and by the magazine they were giggling over they were most definitely not studying.

Those kinds of connections and conversations would almost definitely not have ever existed without him meddling last year, and it filled him with an insane amount of pride despite not having anything to do with people making the decision to be friends or not. It made him want to do more this year, he just… didn’t quite have the energy at the moment to do so at the moment. But letting things be as they were for now was not a bad thing at all.

Everyone around him at least seemed… genuinely happier, doing their own things and living their lives. Harry did not need to participate, but there was this unspoken open invitation to join in if he wanted to, and often times even an actual offer for him to accompany them. But he was not obligated to do anything and he was also fully okay to just sit and enjoy everyone enjoying each other around him and it… helped.

As the world around him got warmer, so did he— and the chill inside of him he couldn’t seem to fully shake too.

The potions Madam Pomfrey gave him did wonders and he slowly felt more himself than he had in a long while—less out of breath going up Hogwarts’ many stairs, able to go longer in the football club, even taking walks around the lake to breathe in the fresh air while the warmer weather lasted. The most critical potions were definitely still the dreamless sleep drafts though—he always had a calming draught on him but hadn’t actually needed to use it for quite a while with everything else distracting him in a day.

Sleeping though… he’d thought he was tired enough to not need it and had ended up in Neville’s bed again, and luckily the blond just moved over in the middle of the night to let him do it, even half asleep as he usually was. He’d never mentioned it, but he had started visibly taking note of when Harry was taking a potion before bed, and when he wasn’t.

And unfortunately he wasn’t far enough ahead to know the silencing charm, so Seamus being the sincerely good guy he was definitely noticed him either just not sleeping, or waking up from unpleasant dreams more often than not, and Dean therefore caught on quick as well. They had brought up their concern that he went to bed as late as they did, but was always gone hours before they woke, on top of his poor sleep itself being pretty obvious in the room they shared.

Luckily they were easily dissuaded by Harry’s excuses, and honestly he couldn’t even remember what excuses he’d given them as the lying came so easily and they were so easily deflected. So while they knew, they didn’t bring it up again, which was a relief.

True to her promise Pomfrey had started attempting to teach him the glamour charm when he visited to refresh his potion stores, but it was certainly not as easy as Transfiguration was and despite some honest effort had made no progress with it. Until he could figure it out he was back to his muggle make-up, and now in addition to his scars he was hiding growing circles beneath his eyes that not even the nutrient potions he was still taking could fix.

All in all, life was… full again. Good or bad, seemed to depend on the hour (or even the minute honestly) but as he got into the hang of Hogwarts life again the good was certainly outnumbering the bad.

He’d almost forgotten to pay attention on anything that wasn’t the ebb and flow and day and night until he was shocked out of it by a flash going off at breakfast that momentarily blinded him.

“You’re Harry Potter!” A tiny voice squeaked, and Harry could only stare wide-eyed as he slowly turned and was met with a tiny light blond standing next to him at the breakfast table holding an old-fashioned camera that seemed to dwarf him.

“Er… what?” He blinked cleverly, because it wasn’t 8am yet and even having been up for three hours already he wasn’t fully there to be able to react properly to this. That was his excuse at least, when it took him a couple seconds to connect the dots, but he did belatedly figure it out. “Wait, I was warned about you. You’re Colin, right?”

The little boy seemed to be in awe that he knew his name, and nodded eagerly. “Yep! I’m Colin Creevey! I wanted to say hi but you sit at different tables all the time!”

“Well you could’ve said hi at any table, they don’t bite.” He paused, then immediately backtracked. “Except the Slytherins. They might.” He admitted, and the boy balked before nodding seriously to that advice.

“Okay, good to know! I’m actually taking pictures of everything for my brother and parents—had no idea magic was real until I got my letter so I’m photographing everything—can I take your picture?”

“Didn’t you already do that?” Harry leaned his elbow on the table to cradle his chin in his hand, watching the excitable boy in amusement.

“Wha—uh I mean—”

“Taking pictures without permission is very rude you know.”

“Sorry!” He wailed in panic and Harry couldn’t help but grin. He now knew he was spending way too much time with the Slytherins because the only thought pinging around his head was aw, what a cute baby Gryffindor. He was only a year older but this kid’s squeaky voice and the fact he was vibrating on the spot made him seem half his actual age, easy.

“I’m okay with a picture but if you spread it about to anyone but your family or don’t ask permission again you won’t be able to find that camera for a week, hear me?” He threatened lightly with a grin and the boy quailed but nodded eagerly as he lifted his camera.

Only to let out a tiny eep as Harry lifted it from his hands and pulled on his sleeve gently, handing it to Neville beside him who was watching the exchange in equal amusement.

“What’s the point of documenting a memory if you’re not in it?” He teased, pulling the boy to his side and posing for Neville, who got with the program and lifted it obediently. Colin looked very flabbergasted to suddenly have the roles reversed and didn’t not quite manage to smile in time for the flash to go off. Harry gave his very best camera-worthy grin and it felt good to be vain again as he patted the boy on the head while his camera was placed gently back into his hands. “There you go, happy?”

“I—uh—yeah! Thank you!” he perked up, taking a few seconds for his brain to stop short-circuiting but then getting back to it at full steam. “That’s so awesome, I was so excited to meet you! When I was reading about the magical world there were a bunch of books on you you know and everything you did is just so cool!”

Harry’s humor evaporated in a puff and he felt his temple twitch.

“Like you defeating the dark lord and the scar you got and all that was so cool! I heard you had dark hair though but you hair is so pretty and I when I told Dennis—he’s my brother—I was going to meet Harry Potter he just about screamed it was awesome! But you’re like super cool and I-!”

A dark hand came from behind and clamped itself over Colin’s overactive mouth, Harry looking up and letting out a sigh of relief at Dean’s abashed smile, a snickering Seamus behind him.

“Figured you might’ve stabbed him if he kept going.” The second year joked, but also at the same time was not joking at all.

Harry appreciated that he understood. And that must’ve been apparent on his face because Seamus leaned around Dean to poke Colin pointedly in the shoulder to get his attention.

“Word of advice kid? Don’t do that. He will hex you.”

Colin, still muffled by Dean’s hand, turned big blue eyes to Harry imploringly, and only got a very wide, slightly mischievous grin in return.

“Take the advice.” He offered helpfully, and he started nodding rapidly enough that Dean let him go.

“I’m sorry! I didn’t mean anything by it!”

“It’s alright, I just don’t like being called a celebrity for no reason. You don’t even know me and are talking about things I’ve supposedly done? Bit rude, isn’t it? Not to know me as a person first?” He poked half playfully, half seriously, and Colin wilted immediately.

“Right, yes, okay I won’t do that—sorry!”

“It’s fine—have a waffle.” He pulled the kid onto the bench between him and Neville and he beamed in awe to be invited in, to the point Neville looked worried he was going to pass out. “You said you’re a muggleborn? What do you like best about Hogwarts so far?” He prompted politely, and like that the boy was off, mouth moving a mile a minute again but at least on far safer topics.

It was also highly amusing to hear about the wonder of magical boarding school through new eyes after they’d been there a year already, and some things that they’d gotten used to easily—like Peeves, Hagrid, the Transfiguration professor being able to casually turn into a cat—still being so new and novel and weird to fresh eyes that Harry was fascinated. Even if the speed and enthusiasm in which Colin could speak was a bit of a headache, in small doses this was probably fine. And maybe he’d calm down once he got used to Hogwarts too… maybe.

He was so caught up in trying to understand the first year’s rapid-fire babbling, he almost didn’t notice someone coming up behind him until he was being tapped on the shoulder and a familiar cough interrupting him. And just him, because Colin didn’t seem to notice and did in fact not stop for breath.

“Oh hey Lu,” he greeted the Ravenclaw above him casually, almost thinking he was going to say something about the football practice later today before realizing he was not unaccompanied.

“Morning. Mind if I add another first year into the mix? This is Luna.” He kind of didn’t give Harry a chance to answer before gently pushing another small (small? She was his height—damn his short genes!) first year forward and she blinked widely at him with a rather dazed smile like she didn’t mind the man-handling at all.

“Hello,” He greeted automatically, and she nodded politely back.

“Hello. You’ve got quite a lot of humputs this morning, must be deep thoughts.”

Uh… what?

Harry looked up at Lu again for clarification, but the Ravenclaw was just gone.

“Uh, what?” he repeated out loud then and the blond only smiled calmly.

“Humputs buzz around people with conflicted thoughts. And you’ve got quite a bit of them.”

“Humputs?” Neville nervously asked from the side and she nodded happily in confirmation. By his tone he’d never heard of them before, and Neville was decently good with plants an animals having been raised pureblood so… Harry had some serious reservations about this.

“It’s a bit surprising you have humputs instead of wrackspurts though, you seemed like the type to have wrackspurts. That’s my bad though.” Her voice was lofty and… kind of ditzy sounding as she apologized very sincerely and quite politely for apparently mistaking him, and honestly Harry just could not wrap his head around this.

If he’d forgotten to pay attention, he was most certainly focused on the present now.

000

“That was devious.” Susan snickered, Lu plopping down at the Hufflepuff table beside her and snatching a piece of toast from her plate. She let it happen, too amused with the small Ravenclaw now trailing after a red-headed mystery with stars in her eyes as a very confused Harry Potter left the Great Hall with two blond first years cheerfully following him like lost ducklings. His dormmates were following at a safe distance and visibly snickering at his predicament that he seemed at a total loss of how to handle for once.

“What can I say, Harry causes almost as many problems as he fixes.” He snickered, earning a light smack to his shoulder.

Luna hadn’t made a fantastic entrance into Ravenclaw house. She was eerie and… well, super weird. In a house that spent 90% of their time talking facts, riddles, and knowledge, a girl who believed in non-existent creatures so blatantly was a bit much. And kids were not known to be kind to those who were so vastly different than them.

Lu had only taken notice of her because her sense of style was even weirder than Harry’s, and had quickly noticed her year mates avoided her like the plague. And then her shoes had started going missing and Lu knew something was up. He wasn’t planning on getting involved with the first years’ drama until he’d casually mentioned it to Susan during lunch one day, and she’d steadfast refused inaction as a viable option, for some reason demanding he do something to fix it so…

The upper years of his house wanted as much to do with the weirdo child as her year mates did, so Lu had decided the answer was probably not going to be in Ravenclaw, and he’d had enough of a certain flashy Gryffindor preaching inter-house unity to think of who just might be interested in helping instead. Luna had caught his attention because she was just as out there as Harry had been, only not even a fraction as sociable or popular. He was sure she’d grow up to be as clever as any Ravenclaw he knew given she never even hesitated with the common room password, but Luna also didn’t seem to care at all that people around her were actively and blatantly bullying her for her weirdness. So she didn’t even try to defend herself like Harry always seemed to be able to defend his own quirks, and had been from day one at Hogwarts.

Which, Lu was torn between thinking that was rather foolish, but also kind of admirable of her in its own way.

Introducing the two was logical, as Harry had always been very vocal about inter-house relationships, more so than any other student or even any teacher in Hogwarts at all. Lu would’ve hesitated in introducing them for fear of the weirdness the two combined could create, but Susan wasn’t taking no for an answer so he gave in and just accepted whatever was going to come from this, no matter how weird it ended up being.

Not to mention complicated.

Harry was undoubtedly popular, as in the span of one school year he’d gone from being the weirdo first-year with strange, radical ideals to somehow having Slytherin house wrapped around his little finger, star of the Gryffindor quidditch team (which earned him forgiveness for 90% of his sins in the lions’ eyes), a public figure in the rapidly-growing football club, and a known prodigy in Transfiguration (which didn’t hurt his chances with the eagle house at all). His presence was loud even in the din of the Great Hall, hair like a beacon around the large room and his reputation both as the Boy Who Lived and also as the utter wild-child “Harry Potter” had turned out to be meaning that at any given time, someone could (and likely was) having a conversation about him somewhere, whether their words were good or bad, complimentary or malicious. Everyone knew him on some level, if not personally in some way given he seemed to actively be trying to meet everyone in the whole school before he graduated.

He was likable or hateable—loved or feared—no matter what you thought of him everyone had some thoughts concerning him. He was a remarkably polarizing person which made it almost impossible to stand in front of him and feel nothing.

Which meant that by taking a weird little Ravenclaw under his wing, Luna was going to be the talk of the school at least for a couple weeks. She was going to get a lot of flack and interest, and while Lu was sure the small girl wouldn’t care at all about any of it, Harry probably would.

If anyone tried to give her a hard time (which, they probably would, because even eagles could be damn stupid about some things) Lu had a feeling a lot of Ravenclaws were going to end up in the hospital wing in the next month or so. Or they were going to get a deluge of pranks centered around their house, which he was not looking forward to.

Maybe he should sit at the Hufflepuff table on a more permanent basis for a while.

Either way, with Harry as her protector then Luna was going to be safe from house bullies at least, but her overall life would be far more complicated. Not that she would care, but Lu was not stupid enough to think he wouldn’t get caught in it eventually.

Well, what’ll be will be. He gave up, munching on his stolen toast happily and joining Susan in watching Harry’s face as he tried in vain to follow along with what the heck his new young friend was talking about.

Heh, Harry being taken off guard for once is actually super funny.





Chapter 43: Book 2 : Envy : 10




Harry ran down one of the rather empty fifth floor corridors of Hogwarts, relishing in the fact that the running wasn’t that much of a strain as it once was. He almost had his own speed and endurance back, and if that wasn’t a bloody miracle… well, maybe he should really stop underestimating magical medicine because it truly was miraculous. He thought he had a better understanding of the wizarding world, but it kept surprising him still, so that muggle upbringing of his seemed to be hanging on in the back of his brain more than he’d like it to.

He was just a tad late—he wanted to ask permission to perform a new spell from his joke book from McGonagall and she’d actually allowed him to do it which was awesome, except her only available office hours for his schedule today meant he was kind of hustling to get to his next class on the other side of the school. Hence the running with his bag slung round his shoulders and his book tucked tightly into his arms.

He almost didn’t notice anything wrong as he spun around a corner and was met with a cluster of people—they looked to be first years, the bell hadn’t rung for the next class yet, and it was in the vicinity of the Charms classroom so they were probably just using up their time hanging out.

At least, that’s what he’d assumed was going on before no less than seven of them suddenly found the ceiling or their shoes simply fascinating.

And then he noticed there was an equal number of people with red and green badges on their robes and they seemed to be standing with a noticeable space between the two groups.

Well isn’t this fascinating. Binns won’t even notice if I don’t show up at all much less am a couple minutes late.

“Hey! You’re Ginny right?” He zeroed in on the only first year he recognized of the group, and the fellow redhead went scarlet in mortification since the rest of the bystanders were clearly eavesdropping, given Harry had obviously just walked in on something, but she dutifully nodded anyway.

“Ah—y-yeah. You’re Harry Potter, right?”

“Monroe actually,” He corrected extremely warmly with the friendliest smile he could muster up. “I’ve been meaning to catch up with our new first years! But you know, busy-busy; Hogwarts never lets anyone rest. Welcome though, hope you’re all enjoying yourselves!” He laughed it off, but before they could get too comfortable with the topic turned on the dime to the little snakes to his right, and they all noticeably stiffened up. A couple had better poker faces, but… not really.

Oh my god they’re all little Dracos! He thought, positively gleeful. And if he let that show on his face, it clearly just terrified them.

“And the new Slytherins! I love Slytherins, I was almost sorted there myself you know! Class is almost about to start but I’ll be at your table for lunch so come say hi, alright? Promise I don’t bite!” He laughed, then shot them a slightly more serious look. “Much.”

Before they could blink he took off again, waving over his shoulder without looking back.

“Gonna be late, but try to get along!”

And then he laughed all the way to History of Magic imagining their reactions, because whatever aneurysm he’d given them, they deserved it. He spotted no Colin Creeveys or other muggleborns he knew of, and if they were already fighting mere weeks into school after he’d done so much to cross the boundary between the lion and snake house last year, they were definitely purebloods who’d been raised prejudiced against each other.

The rest of the school got with the program pretty quickly that he was loud, and nosey, and he wasn’t going to put up with that shit. They must’ve been aware of his stance because they all tried to look elsewhere when he showed up suddenly, but still. They definitely deserved it.

He could tell his year mates thought he was insane when he walked into History a couple minutes late with a mega-watt smile on, although only Neville had the good sense to just sigh and ignore it as his friend slipped into the seat he’d saved beside him. Harry didn’t care though, that was far too much fun.

Hierarchy was a weird thing, and he now knew why upper year Slytherins bullied the heck out of their underclassmen—it was just so much fun. He couldn’t get away with too much on his own Gryffindor underclassmen, but the snakes were built off a distinct hierarchy and so it went that year-levels were the very basic core of it all. Second years had ranking on first years, third years had ranking on seconds years, and so on. From what Harry could tell, seventh, sixth, and maybe fifth years were all on the same level and their hierarchy was more based around the reputations they’d built themselves in the first 5-6 years at Hogwarts, as a poor snake seventh year could easily be trampled by a dominate fifth year, and so forth. Fifth years were kind of a different breed on their own though, as they had OWLs to contend with so they were mostly removed from a lot of the inner-house ongoings while they focused on their studies—or they would start withdrawing around Christmas, probably.

But the very reason Draco struggled so much last year, was because first years were easy pickings and didn’t exactly have much clout or reputation within their house yet to lean on. What were those firstie snakes going to do, tell on him? The most an upper year Slytherin would say was ‘get good’, or ‘don’t pick on the weirdo Gryffindor you idiot, he eats snakes for lunch’.

Not that Harry hadn’t fully instigated that confrontation, but so far as anyone could prove he’d been nothing but friendly.

He’d been nothing but friendly to the first year Ravenclaws he’d caught stealing Luna’s ink pots too, which may have contributed to his new reputation amongst the first years to not let him catch them causing conflict with each other.

Because if they wanted conflict, Harry could bring conflict. And given they had a couple weeks of magic under their belts, let’s just say they were not prepared for the amount of conflict he could bring down on them. Especially not when the twins had learned of his friendly conversation with a bunch of Ravenclaws and had gleefully given him tips and suggestions of how to improve his friendliness.

Not to toot his own horn but Harry was pretty sure he was doing more for house unity by being a quasi-bully than any teacher in this entire school, and you know, he was fine with that.

Neville wasn’t by his weary sighing every time Harry went off, but he had promised to speak up if he were going too far by crossing any lines, but so far the blond hadn’t said anything officially, just given him weary looks of ‘why must you be this way?’.

In any case, this sudden new crusade of his fired him up to the tips of his toes and the roots of his hair. It wasn’t quite anger or frustration although the sheer determination to support house unity by force if he needed to was definitely rooted in those emotions, but honestly he was having too much fun to be properly upset. Being his old social self, meeting new people, sassing at them until they were civil and having it work more often than not was a great thrill—self-fulfilling and satisfying in many ways. He’d skipped ahead three years of magic last year fueled by his desire to protect Draco, and this year when he’d suddenly had the hazy-eyed, day-dreamer Luna Lovegood and the overly excitable squirrel that was Colin Creevey dropped into his lap, he’d suddenly filled out with a righteous fire to protect them too.

Honestly, he didn’t know why Neville was being so judge-y, this was as Gryffindor as he’d ever been before. He had a new life about him that he’d been sorely missing, which seemed to revitalize his soul as he got back into the swing of being the social butterfly he used to be.

Neither first year that he’d adopted necessarily needed him, which was good and also the main reason he was suddenly invested in securing house unity not just for the principle of the thing, but for the future students of this magical boarding school as well. Colin was the weirdest mix between Hermione and Seamus—he was 110% totally invested in the magic around him because it was cool and doing his homework felt more like reading adventure novels rather than textbooks (honestly, Harry could relate sometimes although that magic had definitely worn off before finals last term) but he was also very, very oblivious to social clues and kind of trampled conversations without thinking. Luckily he balanced it with being a very genuine, friendly guy who was always happy to help if he could, so despite being objectively an annoyance, his seemed to have some solid friends in his dormmates who weren’t about to exclude him just because he couldn’t shut up to save his life. That didn’t mean the girls of his year didn’t start tossing sharp barbs his way nor that some upper years hadn’t tried to tell him to shut the hell up, but Harry glaring at them and/or slyly inserting himself into their conversations as if daring them to talk about how annoying Colin was to his face seemed to spread the message that, annoying or not, they were to be nice to their underclassmen or else.

Luna was a bit harder as she wasn’t in his house, but luckily she either didn’t notice, or was just so far above this plane of existence to even care that her year mates were outright bullying her. Harry loved Luna immediately, and while he was still not sure if she even properly acknowledged he existed for how far above the clouds her mind seemed to be, he was kind of just down for it honestly. She never sought him out but was always happy to see him if he found her in the library or by the lake, thrilled to talk as long as he wanted if he sat down beside her. She had some… interesting ideals, and after double checking with Lu, confirmed that most of her references were akin to what unicorns and leprechauns were to the muggle world.

Although given both those things had proven to be very real halfway through Harry’s life after he’d been raised to believe them impossible, he was absolutely not about to say with confidence such a thing couldn’t happen again. Wizards loved the excuse because magic with no founding to support it so there was literally no non-hypocritical reason to think Luna’s creatures couldn’t be real. Harry’s whole attitude when learning magic was, ‘if I think I can, I can—because magic’ and he hadn’t been lead astray thus far, so if Luna kept believing then because magic would likely prove her right, somehow. At least that was Harry’s theory until proven wrong.

Protecting Luna was a bit harder as A) she didn’t tell him when she was being bullied, simply phrasing it like ‘oh, it seems my shoes have gone missing—must be the nargles’, and B) she really did not care about it and just let it happen. And given free license to do it without any repercussions, people were likely to keep doing it.

Harry himself was a great example of that.

Luckily eagles were quicker studies than lions, so one friendly conversation with a couple of them later and they seemed to lay off Luna. At least in ways he could outwardly notice, that is, which he knew was all he could do for now until Luna actually started caring and/or telling him about it. Jury was out on if that’d ever happen or not.

Eventually he calmed down and the droning of Binns’ voice was boring enough to dull his thrill of messing with his underclassmen, the quiet classroom and the lazy scratching of halfhearted note taking around him lulling him into a dreary haze that only History of Magic could put him under.

He had his own journal out in front of him, but as he brushed the feather end of his quill over the page languidly as he considered taking a note, he quickly realized he wasn’t hearing anything Binns was saying to even know what the write.

Yeah, this class sucks.

The boredom got to be really unbearable and there was something tempting about a journal that had nothing written in it just yet, so despite not strictly wanting to… he realized he should probably get his thoughts in order. Like a to-do list of sorts, since he’d been avoiding it so far and, well… what else was he going to do write now? Take notes?

Yeah, no.

He hadn’t been able to get back to his graveyard in… well, that was another matter, so since his thoughts were not being very cooperative lately, writing it out might help.

First item…

…he needed (he needed) to know if Sirius Black was innocent or not.

Realistically, going by what Daphne had said last year, even if he were miraculously innocent there was no way he’d be sane enough to be an actual guardian if he were to be released. Azkaban was just that bad that people didn’t just walk away from over a decade in there perfectly fine, and after this summer Harry could understand that with a crystal clarity he’d never had before now.

There was still the chance he wasn’t innocent at all, and he was in prison because the crime was so clear-cut everyone just knew. But the wizarding world was full of things that everyone just knew and were frankly total bullshit in Harry’s opinion so there was also the chance he hadn’t done anything wrong—or at least not wrong enough to warrant incarceration without a bloody trial. This magical society was just messed up enough that Harry would not put it past them to have messed up that badly (honestly not even muggle society was that faultless either, so there was a chance!).

But he had to know. Either way, he couldn’t move forward until there was some kind of answer one way or another. If Sirius Black were innocent and freed and actually allowed (and willing) to be his legal guardian, then problem solved! Each one of those things made the chances of it happening even less likely to happen though, so it certainly wasn’t his only plan, but it was the one that had to be cleared first.

How to get started on it wasn’t even that hard, he knew the Greengrass family would always up for a trade. And… honestly, after the summer, Harry was now willing to give up a lot more for this than he was last year. Last year it hadn’t been so critical, so while he might’ve hesitated in doing bigger deals with the Grey than simple class notes, now he suddenly had a lot less hesitation, and what he thought might’ve been too expensive before suddenly seemed like a fair deal in comparison to the alternative.

He didn’t know how long it would take though, and it most certainly wasn’t the only horse he had in the race because there was still the undeniable fact that Sirius Black really could just be his parent’s betrayer and nothing more, or simply not fit or willing to take on a kid once freed from the hellhole that was Azkaban. He needed to know the fate of other people mentioned in his parents’ will to start, and he was kind of assuming they were all dead but just in case they weren’t it would be good to check.

Given all of that not working… he was kind of back to square one. Adult allies as Draco had advised was far easier said than done, especially coming from a spoiled boy whose parents loved him and had a vulturous bat as a godfather secretly tutoring him. There was the academic route, in which he could ‘change his mind’ and want to start publishing his Transfiguration work early, so he could get McGonagall to get him in contact with a publisher or editor of sorts. They might be interested in their client being emancipated, or at least be a willing go-between to a barrister…

Ah, but McGonagall had been against him publishing so young, and to suddenly change his mind would be suspicious. Not to mention he probably could not hide his communication with an editor from her, as she’d be looking out to make sure he wasn’t taken advantage of or got his work stolen “again” after the Montague ordeal. McGonagall was still an option but… yeah, he’d come back to that if he couldn’t think of anything. While he did like her a lot as a teacher, he wasn’t sure he could actually trust her to keep this from Dumbledore.

Same went for all teachers in the school as well as Hagrid. He wouldn’t loved to have Hagrid as an ally but there was no way that’d work—he was very vocally brainwashed by Dumbledore’s benevolence to be able to hear anything else, no matter if he genuinely cared about him or not.

The clearest way would be to get emancipated, but as that documentation needed to come from Dumbledore… yeah, not happening. He needed a legal guardian or some kind of legal exception that made that irrelevant. The easiest way, although it certain didn’t feel easy, was to get a magical legal guardian but…

He put his quill down in annoyance, biting his lip in irritation.

Inspiration hadn’t just come because he wanted it to last year, the opportunity had simply fallen into his lap and the idea to use it just popped into his head one day. He knew (hoped) that would happen for this too but just being patient and biding his time until the opportunity presented itself was a lot harder this go around. Maybe because the consequences of not figuring this out were a lot more drastic—he wasn’t just trying to fix a problem, he was trying to avoid literal death probably, and if he couldn’t do it he was going to be faced with, not just the chance, but the certainty of being back with muggles who had legitimately tried to kill him. He loved Draco and fixing his position in Slytherin had been a need, been something Harry had worked his butt of for, but it paled in comparison to how urgent and desperate he was to figure this out.

He didn’t have time to just sit around and wait for inspiration to strike. At least, that’s what it felt like, and it made him incredibly antsy.

By the time History was half over, not only had he not heard a word Binns had said, but also the only thing in his journal was ‘talk to Daphne’, and he’d already known he had to do that, he just hadn’t written it down so clearly.

At this rate I’m going to have to hope one of the people in my parents’ will isn’t a dead end—literally. Maybe even if they are dead, they’ll have living relatives who’d be willing to help at least a little.

There had to be someone though. His mind was not nearly as orderly as it’d once been, but he knew he’d pushed a lot of things away over the past couple months, so now was the time to bring them back and write them down. If only so he didn’t forget again, if not that one of them might be a clue.

Just brainstorm. Write down everyone, narrow it down later.

Adults in his life? Teachers, for one. Not helpful though.

Still, he did the exercise of writing each and every one of their names down, then tentatively crossing them all through with a single line. He had a reason for writing them all off, but he wouldn’t outright scribble them out—if he got desperate enough, who knew? Suddenly some of those reasons might not look too bad.

Parents of his friends? That one was… weird to think about, considering he had only ever met Draco’s parents and that had been about as bad as he could’ve imagined, but then again, he’d been desperate and he’d reached out. It hadn’t turned out like he planned, but it wasn’t a horrible idea. He was already going to reach out to Daphne’s parents about Sirius Black’s trial, and if he was still stuck by the end of the year he was already planning on facing Dalia Zabini, terrible as that idea was. Slytherin parents though… he might need to be a tad more desperate than he currently was to get too deep into that black hole.

But what about other parents?

The twins’ parents seemed nice enough. Mrs. Weasley had even sent him a Christmas present last year, so despite probably going to be far closer to Ron than he’d like, he also be getting closer to the twins which wasn’t bad at all. They might be willing to help…

Still. Going off what Draco had said, even considering the blond snake was very biased towards the “blood traitors”, it sounded like the large family was firmly in the Dumbledore camp, which turned him off immediately. The twins might be good allies all on their own, the forces of nature that they were, leaving the Weasley parents out of it. He wrote them all down individually to come back to later, but he needed more research on that.

Neville’s grandmother? Going off Neville’s accounts of her she sounded terrifying but… once upon a time he and Neville were potentially supposed to be raised together. There might be a legal loophole with the will in there somehow, although he really hesitated in using Neville even more than he already did. He still felt kind of bad about their clearly lopsided friendship and in no way felt like he deserved the kind Gryffindor’s solid presence by his side, so intruding on his life like that seemed a horrible way to repay him. Even if Neville himself either wouldn’t mind, or just wouldn’t speak up honestly of if it’d bother him or not.

He wrote it down and did not cross it off, but he had serious misgivings about it. Not good misgivings backed in actual logic, just personal conflicted feelings over it he wasn’t ready to confront just yet.

Susan’s aunt. That’s right, he meant to send her a gift basket… though she was with the Ministry, the fact she wasn’t on Dumbledore’s side publicly was a great sign. He wrote her name down with a little more enthusiasm, especially since Susan herself was very no-nonsense; if he just genuinely asked her for legal help she’d probably be down without asking too many questions. Okay yeah… that might be his first step after getting Sirius Black his trial—in fact he could probably get to know the woman throughout the ordeal, since she was head of the law enforcement division.

Who else? He scanned his list of friends trying to gauge who he knew well enough that it wouldn’t be the weirdest thing ever to bring up talking to their parents randomly.

Seamus would be down to help, probably, though he knew so little about them if they raised a kid like Seamus they weren’t horrible people. And on that note Dean’s parents were muggles, but maybe that was an angle he hadn’t thought of yet? Even wizards worked within the boundaries of the muggle world to a point despite having different governments technically, so if he were to somehow be emancipated in the muggle world, would there somehow be a way to make that work for his presence in the magical world? Or was he back to the idea of him needing to finish his education in the muggle world to just flat out escape the wizarding world until he was of-age?

That would mean dropping out of Hogwarts.

Which…

He sighed, tapping his quill on the page in agitation.

He’d given it serious thought over the summer, the idea of how much he needed Hogwarts versus just wanted it. Of bloody course he wanted to keep attending here and be with his friends and… and do all the normal childhood things he wanted to do. He would lose so much if he dropped out, he knew that.

But with a sigh of defeat, he penciled the option in at the bottom of the page. If he didn’t have a solution by the end of the year, he could buy time with Blaise in Italy. If he still was stuck by the end of next year…

No one was going to be checking on if he was living with a legal guardian if he wasn’t attending Hogwarts. Even if Dumbledore did check, or he lied again to say he did the check when he hadn’t, and said Harry wasn’t living with a legal guardian, they could threaten to expel him. Or, well, threaten might be a bad word because if it came to that Harry would let them expel him right then and there—or just not show up to fourth year at all and get his education elsewhere.

It was the last resort… but he knew that one would work. It’d suck, but it’d work and he wouldn’t be forced to go back to Private Drive if no one could find him until he turned seventeen.

And bad as that last option was, it was kind of a relief to sort through his thoughts enough to know he had a back up of a back up of a back up plan. The severe pressure was off a bit now that he had a last resort, and now it was just him trying to avoid dropping out of Hogwarts instead of him trying to avoid being put back with murderous muggles. One of those consequences was a lot less intense than the other, so it calmed him down a bit.

Between the start of fourth year and when he turned seventeen… that was three years he’d need to hide out and hopefully not fall too far behind. If he kept up his studies somehow and took the OWLs in the month after he turned seventeen and the start of term, he might even be able to come back for seventh year if somehow Dumbledore let that happen. He was sure he’d have a lot more help from the teachers of coming back for his last year of school than getting emancipated though, so that might be easier than he imagined.

He shook it off slightly, refocusing. Dropping out and going into hiding was his last resort after all, and while it was comforting to plan it out to ensure it’d actually work as the safety net he wanted it to be, he wasn’t there yet.

He turned a page and jotted down his new plans of action in best to worst order.

First, get Sirius Black a trial. If everything miraculously goes right, he’s my rightful legal guardian and Dumbledore can’t do shit about it. Even if it’s just signing the papers for someone else to adopt me, that’ll be his right to do it, not Dumbledore’s.

Second, someone from the will is still alive and willing to help. Or one of their relatives maybe.

Third… do more research into the muggle world. Maybe getting emancipated there will do something.

Fourth, consider asking Neville and his grandmother. If there’s a legal loophole there, the better.

Fifth, consider asking someone else’s parents. Work through the non-Slytherin list first.

Sixth, consider asking a Slytherin’s parents, although I’d really rather not.

Seventh… work on my dropping out of Hogwarts plan.

He sat back and looked at that plan, nodding to himself that it wasn’t a bad start, especially for only one class period. He could refine it the more he went along.

Especially since the two things he could do today, was first talk to Daphne to clear up the questions he already had, as well as send Madam Bones her gift basket to try and get to know her a bit more. Both of those might change something in this list, the more he learned.

He felt… better, having a real plan. Or the skeleton of plans that might work. He had options and contingencies, and one of them… one of them might work.

He glanced up at the clock and despite all he felt he’d accomplished, despaired that there was still twenty minutes left of class.

000

It didn’t take him long to track down Daphne, as she was a pretty easy person to find since many were always coming to her for deals now that she had a solid reputation of it. What was harder was finding her alone for a second, and his best tactic ended up being doing what Susan had done to him earlier by plucking the raven haired girl out of the throng of students filtering out from dinner. And luckily her reputation meant no one blinked twice when he did it, not even Daphne herself who just flashed him a smile and followed willingly to his unspoken request for her to follow him.

Well, no one thought it was weird exactly, but he did get an absolutely filthy look from Pansy Parkinson who’d been walking with the rest of the second-year Slytherin girls. That kind of took him off guard as she’d been steadfast ignoring him all last year but Daphne had warned him she was not going to be a Slytherin he was going to win over most likely. And given the pitch-black allegiance of her family name, for once Harry wasn’t even tempted to try to get into it with her, so he gave her glare a blank look in return before ignoring her again. She had the decency to put her nose in the air and continue walking without commenting though, so he brushed that off quickly.

Pansy Parkinson did not rank on his scale of things to care about at that moment, he’d come back to whatever the hell that was later.

“I heard you scared the first years.” Daphne commented lightly in amusement as they walked down the hall away from the crowds filtering back to the dorms for the night.

He gave her a wry look, admiring once more how fast the Hogwarts rumor mill worked, particularly in Slytherin.

“Not that you can prove at least. What, gonna believe a first year over me?”

“Ha, hypocrite. I heard Loony Luna Lovegood can do no wrong by you, or anyone else so long as you’re around.”

“Again, not that you can prove, but call her Loony again and see what happens,” he shot her a wink and she grinned.

“Fair enough. So, got something for me?” She cut to the chase once they were decently alone, and she was obviously very much expecting his answer.

“I want to make a deal.”

“You came to the right girl.” She puffed her chest out proudly. “You already know what I’m after.”

“I do, but how many notes I give you depends on how big an ask this is, and I’ll admit I don’t know if this is even possible.”

“Interesting. What is it?” She didn’t seem that bothered so he felt a tad bad about just springing this on her, but figured honesty was the best policy. Rip the band aid off and whatnot.

“Would your family have an in with the Daily Prophet?” He asked, but he already knew they did. And as expected she startled a bit, clearly not expecting that turn.

She frowned.

“That’s… a lot bigger than I was expecting. But yes, we do have shares and also work with the staff on various other deals.”

“I want to bring something up that’s probably going to cause controversy, and also the Minister will try to bury it by any means necessary if he can.” He admitted rather hastily and not shockingly she seemed a bit taken aback.

Now her eyes were properly narrowed at him, body turning to face him fully— unamused.

“Potter, this is a lot bigger than some Transfiguration notes. I would need my dad’s help for that, and a perfect score in Transfiguration won’t cut it when he can easily just tell me to study on my own.”

More than fair, honestly. Good ol’ Daphne, as up front as ever.

“Maybe not Transfiguration then. How about a debt? Not just from the Potter family—but potentially the Black family too.”

Debts weren’t great, but Slytherins liked debts. He thought as much, as least; a trade that can be banked in whenever? How could they say no?

He had expected surprise at the sudden good deal presented to her, but he hadn’t expected how pale she suddenly got. She whipped around to double check the hallway was clear before grabbing him by the arm and dragging him to the closest empty classroom, which was honestly really ominous and suddenly he was thinking this might not have been such a great idea after all.

She didn’t explain her odd actions as she slammed the door shut behind them and cut right to the chase with a deeply disturbed frown.

“What are you after.”

Harry took a breath, but he’d come prepared and knew what he wanted to say. It was… just a matter of bucking up and saying it.

“Sirius Black was never given a trial. I want to see him tried for what he apparently did.” He blew out a breath both to steady himself a buy some time as he collected his words. “Best case? He’s innocent and I get one living relative in my life and don’t have to live with muggles anymore. Worst case? I still get to see the man who betrayed my parents crucified.”

He met her gaze pointedly to convey how serious he was about this, her eyes a very vibrant, wary blue for how inky her hair was. He hadn’t really noticed that before.

It wasn't strictly natural, since the brunette gene and brown-eyed gene was supposed to be the dominant one, so eyes that impossible light combined with dark hair wasn't actually that common. Given his own hair was not strictly a normal color and that there was probably a magical reason for it, he'd be a hypocrite to comment either way.

“I won’t know until he’s given a fair trial though. Forget politics for a second Daphne, you’re not Blaise. Keeping an untried, potentially innocent man in Azkaban is wrong and I don’t care how grey you are, you know it too.”

She stared at him, with a better poker face than most but she was not as good as some of her housemates. Conflict, indecision, and even a sliver of fear played out across her face, and he was curious as to what she was thinking but resigned himself to just waiting patiently for her to work it out.

She was clearly thinking something over, almost fighting with something internally, and he watched it happen for several long minutes as she got through it.

Eventually…

“…it goes against my better judgement, but I should tell you that offering a blanket debt to someone isn’t smart. And I honestly like you Harry, I’m really not trying to trick you here so please listen to me. You’re Harry Potter, and the kinds of things people can ask of you when you’re just generally in debt with them is too risky. And to back out of a deal is basically spitting on every friendship in Slytherin you’ve ever made.”

Including Draco, the words went unspoken but he felt it harshly in his stomach that was exactly what her wide eyes were trying to silently communicate to him. Including her, was also in there too, and he wasn’t sure how much of friends they actually were. For the first time though, as her body language was suddenly highly uncomfortable and hesitant, he realized she was not as ashamed as some other snakes were to admit she liked him as more than just a means to an end. He honestly believed her when she said she was trying help by warning him, and that was kind of a surprise, but a pleasant one.

If not also bittersweet given the position he was putting her in now. But… he couldn’t take it back despite the fact she clearly wanted him to with this warning in the air now.

“Please don’t do it again.” She implored sincerely—and then paused, almost begging him to speak up and back out now. Her tense silence assured him she wouldn’t judge him for it, just please reconsider…

But he remained silent, waiting for her to finish. He better understood the gravity of what he was doing now, how dangerous it could turn out to be even... but it didn't matter. His priorities had shifted, and it was either do this or die like a worm at the hands of muggle pigs, and he refused that ugly future with his entire soul.

After a couple long seconds she got the message, sighing as her shoulders slumped a bit, before nodding a bit tightly.

“That being said… I’ll offer that deal to my father because he’s the one with the Prophet connections so he’s the one you’ll have to deal with. I will take two Transfiguration notes from you as payment for being your go-between.” She didn’t even sound happy about her getting anything out of it, and Harry knew this was probably going to get him in trouble but… it was worth the gamble.

He flashed her a slightly apologetic smile and tried to sound as sincere as he felt.

“Thank you, Daphne.”

“I’m serious Harry, don’t do it again. Not even to someone you trust; it’s just not worth it. I trust my Dad, but he could be dealing with literally anyone, you know that.” She scolded him, but sounded more weary than anything.

Even Voldemort himself, Harry acknowledged silently. Mr. Greengrass was not his daughter, and he could be making deals with the dark lord himself if that were possible, or literally just anyone else who wanted something out of Harry Potter the myth, or even the boy himself--even Dumbledore as horrific as that was. Or perhaps he wanted something badly enough, who would turn down a favor from the Boy Who Lived if he offered it as a trade?

Yeah, that could get him in some deep shit.

He fully acknowledged that future-him was going to curse himself for this.

He could see where Daphne was coming from: friendship didn’t trump business. Daphne herself was one thing, she might be conflicted to find another way to go about doing it that wouldn’t directly hurt him, but her father didn’t necessarily have the same concerns. And if he didn’t care if Harry got hurt in the process, this might end up really badly.

But, thus being warned, Daphne had only traded a connection with her father. If this was really as big as she was implying it was, maybe just getting his problem broadcasted in the Prophet was too small thinking—maybe he could ask for more, like that he wanted Sirius Black to have a trial for sure, not just have it talked about in the papers. The Greengrass family had to have some great barristers on the payroll so maybe even getting him represented in court too…

He was maybe getting ahead of himself, but despite this sticky situation it still seemed a lot better a position than he’d thought it be. Short term at least—long term he was sure he’d hate this but there wasn’t much he could do, he was pretty well stuck without adult allies or whatever.

“I will give it better consideration next time,” He deflected her demand instead, and she shot him a filthy look.

“Is that all?”

“Well…”

“It better not be-”

“It’s way less critical, I promise! Just some information!” He put his hands up in defense and she leaned off a bit, though still looked suspicious. “And really old information too, I mean so old you might not even know it. And I won’t be asking your dad for any more favors if you don’t know it either.”

“Fine,” She huffed. “Depends on the ask before I demand my price.” She put her chin in the air and Harry grinned, thankful the tense atmosphere had abated some.

“I want to know about some names and properties I’m not familiar with—Marlene McKinnon, Peter Pettigrew, or Remus Lupin ring any bells?”

She blinked in slight surprise before shrugging, unbothered. “Tutoring. Two lessons.”

“Done.”

“Marlene McKinnon died in the first war, the ending days of it I think but then again so did a lot of people. Things were getting really nasty before the dark lord suddenly fell, which I’m sure contributed more than a bit to your fame.” She shrugged again and he sighed in defeat since he couldn’t argue that. “I’m surprised you didn’t know about Pettigrew before asking about Sirius Black though—he’s the guy Black supposedly killed along with a dozen muggles that got him imprisoned.” She explained and Harry blinked. Okay… so that totally made sense and also he’d called it with him being very, very dead.

“Do you know, or know the assumed reason, why he killed him?”

“It’s hard to say. Everyone thinks Black went insane, but more than that, I think they were all friends. That Remus Lupin guy too—I’m pretty sure they were known during their time at Hogwarts for being huge pranksters. Lupin, Black, Pettigrew, and of course James Potter.” Harry’s mind spun… he knew his dad had been a prankster, Hagrid had told him all about it. He’d never even hinted that there was more to it than that though, that he hadn’t been alone in that…

Seeing his expression Daphne had mercy and was a tad more gentle as she explained.

“I think that’s why everyone is so happy to jump to ‘insanity’ as the reason he possibly betrayed your parents and then killed Pettigrew. They were supposedly all great friends so everything suddenly going wrong… I mean if it isn’t insanity that caused him to do it, then it’s because Black was truly an evil guy, and from what I’ve heard no one actually wants to believe that.”

Harry couldn’t deal with all the… emotion this was conjuring, so he just swallowed it and forced himself to think clearly. He was here for information—he’d process it later.

“And Remus Lupin… is he-?”

“Not dead, so far as I’m aware, but…” She bit her lip as if hesitating, then shrugged. “Look, my family doesn’t care and since you were raised with muggles maybe you won’t care… but I know families like the Malfoys—they’ll care a lot.”

“Care about what?” He frowned.

“He’s a werewolf.” She admitted bluntly.

Wait, what? I thought werewolves haunted the Forbidden Forest? That’s the rumor the twins spread around at least.

Daphne snorted, amused by his baffled expression.

“Seems you don’t care. Which, good, you might be able to reach out to him then—just be very careful when you do.” She warned and suddenly it hit him that one person in the will might actually still be around, and he perked up. The warning was a bit alarming though.

“Careful how?”

“You’ll be monitored to hell and back if you make contact with him. Werewolves…” She bit her lip again, seeming a bit annoyed. “Well they’re dark creatures, technically. Not human. Not to the Ministry, and not to a lot of society either. A lot of werewolves sided with the dark lord in the war on top of it, but that only added to the absolute shit they get dealt on the daily. Honestly the dark lord probably promised not to kill them if they served him, which is frankly more than the so called Light ever guaranteed for them.”

Harry could not wrap his mind around this.

“So if I send a letter to him…?”

“It’ll definitely be intercepted by the Ministry. If he’s never made contact it was probably to spare you. By being associated with a werewolf, not only are you subject to the same treatment he gets—and let me tell you, you don’t want that—but you’re also limiting where you can go in life. If you do reach out to him, do not tell anyone else in Slytherin you’re doing it because they’ll track the name and they’ll know. Werewolves are publicly registered with the Ministry and routinely dragged in for questioning which is essentially just them pushing the poor saps around to let them know society still hates them. Being a werewolf-sympathizer means you won’t be getting any public jobs and no matter what reputation you have in Slytherin, most of the house won’t deal with you again. Get the picture?”

Oh my god that’s… what the HELL is wrong with this world?!

Then again, the muggle world had it’s fair share of this shit too... still, Jesus Christ.

“Just to be sure… is there a reason why…?”

“Why society hates them?” She raised a sarcastic eyebrow at him. “From where I’m standing, because they’re werewolves is enough. There is fear, uneducated fear for sure, but fear is always a big motivator at times. They are dangerous once a month—read up on werewolves but take it with a grain of salt as even textbooks are a bit biased, they only focus on the wolf part of a werewolf and trust me, meeting a werewolf on a full moon is a bad spot to be in and people have a very real reason to be afraid of that scenario. The other 27 days a month? They’re just people.” She seemed highly annoyed again, and the longer she talked, Harry was getting pretty peeved off too.

“People who can’t get jobs because no one will hire them, and then of course the wolfsbane potion which makes it so they don’t lose their minds during the full moon is ungodly expensive so almost none of them can actually buy it, much less twelve times a year.” She rolled her eyes. “They live in communities off to themselves for these very reasons, but they get harassed by wizards enough that it certainly shocked no one when they joined the dark lord. Either people were prejudiced and assumed dark creatures would of course join the dark side, or they were smart enough to realize that they were treated like shit so of course they’d joined the side that promised equal rights—even if it was all equally subjugated.” She ranted a bit.

Harry frowned at the obvious exception to that though.

“But this Remus Lupin guy didn’t.”

Daphne sighed, nodding to that. “No, he didn’t. From what I know he was an exception—I think he was cast out from the werewolf communities for some reason, and to this day I’m pretty sure he was the only werewolf to ever attend Hogwarts, hence him meeting your father and them.”

Okay that’s weird. People didn’t care, didn’t know…?

“Do other werewolves just not get invitations?”

“I have no idea; since there’s no war there’s probably no werewolf children anymore to even bother inviting. And if there were, I can only imagine they wouldn’t accept. If you think the house rivalries were bad, even you wouldn’t be able to stop most of this school from ganging up on a werewolf kid until they either left of their own will, or didn’t survive to make to class one day.” He wanted to believe she was joking, but from the grim glint in her eyes he was a bit terrified of how serious she was.

“Werewolf children aren’t a thing?”

“No, I don’t think lycanthropy can be passed from parent to kid… I think.” She scratched her head. “I’m not an expert, but from what my mother has said, really the only way to get infected is to get bit from a full-grown werewolf in wolf form. There was a particularly nasty Death Eater during the war—Greyback—who’d purposefully placed himself near his victims homes right before a full moon to ensure at least someone would get bit, and he got a ton of children that way. Werewolves in wolf form are impervious to a lot of magics, including wards and spells and more so it was kind of a huge threat. Most just died from not surviving the infection, but a lot turned—other than that though most people get infected when they’re adults so werewolf children really isn’t a common thing. And even if it were a thing, could you really blame werewolf parents from hiding their kids from other wizards?”

Harry had to give that to her, feeling a little sick. Especially at the thought that you could go your whole life and then suddenly be considered less than human because of an attack you couldn’t control. Like if the troll popping up on him and nearly killing him wasn’t bad enough, if he’d been blamed for it, lost all his friends, and treated like shit from then on just because of it… shit. That was… hard to wrap his head around.

And this Remus Lupin… he was a werewolf child? Or maybe he got infected after Hogwarts… either way he hadn’t reached out once in twelve years and while Harry couldn’t help but be a little bitter about that, from Daphne’s attitude on this topic, he couldn’t get properly mad at the guy either. Sounds like life had been a royal bitch to him too.

“Anymore werewolf questions? And ask now because I will not be talking about this in public where anyone can hear me.” She warned, and he nodded.

“I think that covers it… but I had some other names I didn’t recognize that you might—does Longsgate or the Eileen Prince Foundation sound familiar?”

She blinked… then frowned.

“No, actually. Longsgate kind of does I guess, but that’s definitely my dad’s area, and if it’s an actual place it’s not active enough for me to know about it. As for the Eileen Prince Foundation you said? Not a clue—that’s not even a pureblood name I don’t think.” She tilted her head. “You didn’t want me to go looking for that info though.” She assumed and he shook his head quickly.

“No, I’ll find it myself, but thanks.” He did not want to bring Mr. Greengrass into this more than he already had. And darn, why had no one ever heard of these places? If Daphne didn’t then it really was something arbitrary, or at least hidden, which peeked his interest and made him regret not asking Axeclaw when he was last there.

Not that he would’ve, given the situation at the time, but still. He wanted to know now.

“Anything else?”

“Nah, but thanks though!” he gave her a cheery thumbs up but she was not amused.

“You jerk. These lessons I just got off you better be damn good ones.”

“Sure, sure—I’m pretty caught up on all second year Transfiguration spells by now, even know a couple fourth year by now. Take your pick!”

She looked slightly mollified by that, visibly plotting what she’d ask for. “Good to know. Out of curiosity would I be able to bring Tracy with me one of these times? It wouldn’t be her lesson but maybe just to listen in.”

At face value Harry might’ve called her out on changing the deal after it was made—she herself made a huge stink about not doing that from the start. But… she also knew Harry was interested in getting under the skin every Slytherin he could and Tracy, being in their year, was definitely on his list. Aside from Daphne herself he hadn’t made any progress with the other Slytherin girls of their grade, and while he was not even going to try with Pansy, there were four other girls including Tracy he hadn’t even had a decent conversation with so far. It wasn’t a flat deal but… it was an opportunity to get Tracy stuck in a situation with him where she couldn’t avoid talking to him and Daphne’s best friend would get some academic help out of the arrangement.

Damn, she’s good.

He gave her a wry grin to let her know that he knew exactly what she was doing.

“Of course, I’d love to help out of the goodness of my heart!”

Daphne cackled a tad evilly at the blatant lie.

000

It was a couple days later that he finally had his ducks in a row and also a break with which he could use to take a trip to the owlery to get some of his plans in action, a veritable packet of letters in his hand to send out.

First, he’d confirmed with Honeydukes that they could arrange and send a chocolate-themed gift basket on his behalf, he just needed to send along the money for their quoted price on it, as well as whatever letter he wanted sent along with it. So, he had one large letter for Honeydukes with the form to open a tab and link his Gringotts accounts to it (he knew this would not be the last time he’d buy from them and opening a tab was just smart planning), with another letter for one Madam Amelia Bones encased within it for his first purchase. The letter to the head auror was rather simple, just a thank you with as carefully worded description of what he was thankful for as he could get, and hopefully she got the message that she had an ally in the anti-Dumbledore campaign. He also really hoped she picked up on his veiled reference to the headmaster’s nosiness and responded back to ask for more details.

Details he’d be happy to provide if she were going to use them against Dumbledore—he wasn’t sure how but if he could help he definitely wanted to. And maybe from then they’d have a real correspondence and… he wasn’t sure what, but something would come of it. That was the wild hope he had for this gift basket, at least.

And because halfway through filling out his Honeydukes form he realized he was a very wealthy child and he could send people presents as easy as writing a letter, he also had notes and orders for small treats to be sent to Draco and Neville.

Draco, the weirdo, actually didn’t like sweets much but had a penchant for sour and bitter candies so that’s what he’d get, and Neville was far more traditional in liking simple chocolates and near-muggle candies. He never had much luck with the enchanted stuff as his chocolate frogs always seemed to hop away, and other unfortunate, similar occurrences, so simple was better.

He would not have been able to handle… anything without the both of them, so random presents was not out of the question. He acknowledged he was neither a great friend nor able to bribe them with sweets into liking him since for some reason they already did, but there was really nothing stopping him from doing this and they both deserved a lot more than some stupid candies. More than Harry could ever really put into words or properly address to their faces, so… sweets it was, for lack of better communication skills.

He had another letter for Draco, continuing their in-school correspondence, and this one was rather weighty since they’d been talking finances a lot more. Clearly Draco was also learning more from his parents so he had a lot more to say on the subject since the start of the new year and most of it was far above Harry’s paygrade, so there was a lot of questions to be asked.

Similarly, he had yet another letter for Axeclaw, and that one was both the largest, but also not nearly as long as it probably needed to be.

There was just so much he had to talk to the goblin about, the first thing he asked in this letter was if there was a way to be able to meet face-to-face despite him being at school. Like could he get permission to go visit Gringotts on a weekend or evening or something or was there another way to communicate (because he had a suspicion he’d need either a teacher’s, or even the Headmaster’s approval to leave Hogwarts for any reason outside of a holiday break and he very much did not want to get them involved or key in Dumbledore to how involved he was getting into his own finances. If Dumbledore’s plan was to keep him retrained and clueless, that would definitely raise some red flags and Harry could not afford any more interruptions into his plotting at this point, much less from the old fart himself). The rest of the letter was mainly just questions on what the hell all the finance terms Draco had been spitting at him meant, as well as how/if they impacted him in any way, and following up on his investments.

And oh yeah, at the very bottom he asked for Neville Longbottom, Rubeus Hagrid, Seamus Finnegan, Dean Thomas, Leonard Yuu, Fred & George Weasley, Daphne Greengrass, Remus Lupin, Susan & Amelia Bones, and Engel Osmias to be allowed to contact him through his mail wards.

There was still the chance his letters were being intercepted, and if you talked to a Slytherin long enough you started to get into the mindset that all your letters were probably being read by someone you didn’t want reading them. To Harry that meant the Ministry and Dumbledore, and so anything leaving Hogwarts grounds was essentially like telling them outright. The finance questions a twelve-year-old could come up with were probably boring enough they’d mostly dismiss it… again, Dumbledore knowing he was taking an active role in his finances wasn’t great, but it was more important he was misdirected from the people he was talking to. It was a chance, and he was really hoping this one particular letter would get lost in all the letters he was sending at once and be safe.

Which was why he wasn’t talking about any of his more urgent topics, like warning Axeclaw his previous mail wards were probably done by Dumbledore which is why they couldn’t find his old mail. If the headmaster found out that Harry knew about that, and connected that to him wanting to let Amelia Bones contact him, both him and the DMLE head would be in a tight spot. He’d included Susan in his mail wards strictly to try and distract from why he’d want to allow communication between him and her aunt—if he were letting Susan in as a friend and Madam Bones was just an afterthought as his friend’s legal guardian… well, he just hoped Dumbledore would buy that. Which meant the only seriously suspicious thing in the letter was his request to open his wards for Remus Lupin.

He didn’t even mention Longsgate or the Eileen Prince Foundation despite really wanting to know about them since if somehow Dumbledore knew what was in his parents will, he’d then know that Harry now knew what was in the will too. Which meant he’d been at Gringotts for more than just topping off his funds for the coming school year, which might imply he hadn’t been nearly as confined to Private Drive as he suspected Dumbledore wanted him to be.

Really there were many reasons to give no hint that he knew about his parents will, so he refrained until he could talk to Axeclaw in person, preferably securely in Gringotts where privacy was goblin-ward guaranteed. The twins’ off hand comments about how the headmaster knew everything that happened in the school halls really did not sit well with him, after all.

Putting Remus Lupin in the letter was a risk, there was no way around it.

But… he needed to know, he needed to talk to the man, and this was the best chance he was going to get. If he sent out half a dozen letters all at once, there was a chance one would get overlooked.

Which is why he also had a note for Hagrid asking to come to tea later that afternoon, another letter to put in an order for any new Transfiguration texts Bethany’s Books got in this year, an order for more shampoos he really didn’t need from the hair shop in Contrair Alley, an order to sign up for the Daily Prophet, another order for the Quibbler at Luna’s recommendation, a letter for Osmias to let him know if he made any progress with his poison-detecting glasses, and an empty letter to send to the twins because it might freak them out thinking the blank piece of parchment was pranked somehow and that’d be hilarious. Really he’d scratched his brain and tried to think of any reason to send a letter ever, hoping the one he didn’t want anyone to read would get lost in the flock.

As he handed out the letters to school owls, telling them to wait to go all at once and the clever creatures just waited patiently as he tied the other letters up, he paused when he realized he’d been about to entrust his most important letter to Hedwig.

AKA, the bright white owl you could see in the large cloud of feathers when mail was delivered every morning. The extremely noticeable owl outside of a snowstorm that everyone knew was his owl and would, logically, be carrying his most important letter of them all.

Hedwig had put her leg out for him to tie the letter to but when he froze, she put it back down to hoot at him in annoyance.

“I know, but despite trusting you more than anyone else, that’s probably a bad idea.” He admitted, and she had to understand English because she looked visibly annoyed at the implication as if to say ‘I would never get intercepted!’.

Harry really couldn’t take that chance though.

It would be suspicious in and of itself if the letter Hedwig were carrying was an invite to tea or blank though, as then anyone malicious reading it would know it was probably a decoy. And more importantly, that Harry was wise enough to try and hide it, which was more insight into his abilities then he wanted to give away just yet. It had to be of semi-high importance, but also not something anyone could think too deeply on or have an urge to stick their noses into.

Orders for books and magazines didn’t really fit the bill…

…but.

Harry suddenly remembered, there was a letter he’d been meaning to write last year, and he’d never gotten to it. He had a lot going on at the time, it wasn’t a shock, but this… even if Dumbledore read it, he already knew Harry’s opinion on the matter, so it wouldn’t be any new information Harry was giving away here. The cat was already out of the bag so to speak, and there wasn’t anything anyone could do about it by now—not Harry himself, and not Dumbledore.

He plopped down on the owlery top step and pulled out a piece of parchment from his bag, writing on the back of a textbook and trying to make the writing look like he wasn’t just scribbling this down as a last-minute idea.

000

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Flammel…

000





Chapter 44: Book 2 : Envy : 11




“Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god-!”

“Colin please!” Said hyperactive squirrel’s dormmate snapped at him, although it was definitely done pretty calmly and as if she said it exactly six hundred times in a day, so Harry just laughed heartily as he lazily drifted back towards the earth, his nimbus a pretty sweet ride if he did say so himself.

It felt so good to be back on a broom.

And hey, having six first years looking up at him where he hovered above them with stars in their eyes wasn’t so bad on the ego either.

Particularly Colin, who snapped another picture and obediently shut his mouth, but didn’t stop vibrating in excitement as he watched Harry’s demonstration.

“But flying Melody! Flying!”

“Yes, yes,” She dismissed impatiently, forcing him to put the camera down and address the school brooms scattered on the ground around them. Harry hadn’t known the girl much, but she was half-blood from what he could tell and was absolutely going to turn in Wood 2.0 sometime in her future. Girl was here to win quidditch, that was it.

Despite being no-nonsense, she was also alarmingly good with Colin though and when she shut him down, he obediently did so without being bothered by her short tone, and Harry figured she was a lot of the reason his fellow year mates hadn’t killed him yet.

“So let’s give the command a go; it should give you a general idea of how in control you are with the broom. If it obediently jumps up then you might be good to move to the next bit, but if you struggle you’ll definitely want to work more on getting a handle on it before leaving the ground.” He directed, not feeling the need to get off his broom but sitting side-saddle lazily as he circled around them ten feet up while he gave his instructions. He was very good with his Nimbus and after needing to both not get bucked off his broom and also literally surf it during his first quidditch match ever, he’d only trained even harder the past year to be even more comfortable despite the strange positions he might find himself in.

He was thrilled to get the all clear from both McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey to at least do this much exercise even if he’d promised not to go higher than fifty feet or faster than a lazy quaffle toss. The Madam even thought it a good idea to start here, and slowly get back into the swing of things, and of course McGonagall had only ever been convinced to have him stay off a broom—his health or not, having him sit out of quidditch practice physically pained her despite her likely never admitting to that.

What she had been a little surprised about was what he wanted back on his broom for, and it wasn’t one of Wood’s early Saturday morning practices, or even to attend the teams try outs in a couple weeks.

Most of the first years aside from Melody were ambivalent about quidditch, but like it or not they were all going to be participating in the flying classes Hooch ran. And given that quack of a referee had nearly killed Neville with no remorse and didn’t think twice about sending muggleborns to surprisingly quick deaths so early in their magical world adventure, like hell was Harry going to let his adopted first years wander cluelessly into her clutches when he knew for a fact he could do a lot better teaching them to be safe for their first encounters with a broom then that snitch could.

And well, this exercise might be mostly for Colin than anyone as a figure rose up beside him and he glanced over to see Luna copying his side-saddle posture, bare feet crossed at the ankles and swaying easily in the open air, dreamily observing the ground below them from the space directly beside him. If he thought he was at ease in the air, she looked like she was just casually chilling on a cloud rather than a piece of wood.

“Have much experience with brooms then?” He commented lightly. While he hadn’t seen that he now knew to expect nothing when it came to Luna.

“My mother and I used to travel over the countryside looking for Sampusnachts. I’ve never played quidditch but travelling by broom is enjoyable.” She explained easily, kicking her feet a bit more as if to prove the point. “It’ll be the easiest way to travel large forests for creature research someday, so it’s nice to keep up the skill.”

“I’ve never just hung out on a broom, not playing quidditch or something.” Harry admitted, but it didn’t sound bad at all. He’d already considered using his broom to get to London from Surrey, but other than that you typically didn’t hear about people using brooms as a standard mode of transportation. He knew about the floo and something called apparition which seemed to be far more common, but he liked being on a broom so it didn’t seem like a bad option at all. “We should go riding then sometime—wonder if we’d be allowed to look at the Forbidden Forest if we’re not landing in it or anything.”

“Hm… it’s a good thought.” She nodded in interest.

Spending an afternoon lazily floating through the clouds with Luna? Harry made a note to pencil that into his schedule at his earliest convenience.

“BWAH! Harry!” Colin complained at the broom he was trying to wrangle jumped up and bopped him in the face, him clutching his nose in irritation at the piece of wood now bouncing along the ground wildly.

“Deep breaths Colin—if you get mad at it, it gets mad right back at you. You need to breath a big breath and think of nothing for a full three seconds other than the broom in front of you.” He called down in amusement, while Melody now had her broom in hand and was watching him struggle with eagle eyes of her own. Good, he had someone watching his back.

It left him free to watch over the other first years who’d heard Colin chattering non-stop about Harry’s offer to teach them and wanted to join in. They were all Gryffindors except one Hufflepuff boy who Susan had pushed into Harry the same way Lu had delivered Luna to him (was this going to become a thing?). He seemed very nervous about being around a bunch of kids his age he didn’t really know past the sorting, but he already had his broom in hand and seemed very bolstered by his progress.

So bolstered in fact that he visibly seemed to get the courage to say something to the only other person aside from Melody, who was very busy with Colin right now, who had her broom up—Ginny Weasley.

Ginny seemed nice enough, although she refused to look at Harry for long, seeming both terrified and interested in him at once. Not that that was unusual, but she took it to another degree by seemingly being unable to form sentences when he tried to strike up a conversation with her. And he had been trying because the twins were some of his favorite people and since she did not immediately strike him as another Ron, he was curious about the youngest Weasley.

Also there was that thought in the back of his mind that the Weasley family in general might be a good ally for the future, so, you know, getting to know the whole family would only come in handy later down the road probably.

“That’s good. I was worried she had a blibbering humdinger bothering her.” Luna broke into his thoughts, and he looked over to see she was observing the same situation below them as Harry was.

“Those make it hard to speak right?”

“By creating conflicting emotions not your own.” Luna nodded in confirmation. “She doesn’t talk to anyone much, I noticed.”

“Well… neither do you?”

“Ah, but I don’t mind.”

Harry smiled, wanting to both flick her in the ear and sigh in admiration for how high above the world Luna seemed to live. If only he could reach that enlightenment.

“Well maybe not, but if you noticed Ginny did mind, you could be the person to talk to then. Maybe she’d like that?”

Luna’s small, delicate features crumpled a bit in a frown as she considered that thought she hadn’t considered before. Get involved? How utterly revolutionary.

Harry wanted to laugh at her but refrained.

“You know I live in the same valley as the Burrow.”

“The Burrow?”

“That’s where the Weasleys live.” She explained, and Harry realized pureblood wizarding homes having names was a thing. He knew “Malfoy Manor” where Draco lived was kind of obvious, but he thought the “il Nido” that Blaise called his house was just the Zabini heir being dramatic as hell. “The Burrow” was a less scary name for sure, but he hadn’t pegged the Weasleys as being one of those purebloods to have a name for their domiciles and figured it was probably a lot more common than he’d thought.

It also made him wonder if Longsgate was just a house then, and a hidden one at that.

With that information distracting him, it took him a second to realize what Luna was getting at by telling him this though.

“Oh so you know Ginny already?”

“Kind of. We were always around growing up but we never really interacted.” She confessed.

“Well… I mean things have changed. I know I did a lot of growing up after getting my Hogwarts letter, although it was more me learning about the magical world than anything. You’re both away from home for the first time, learning new things and discovering new things about yourselves even… it might not be a bad idea to at least give it another try. Maybe you’re different people now and it’ll work out better.” He phrased it as nonchalantly as he could, because he most certainly didn’t want to tell her to do a damn thing—no one could tell him who he could and could not be friends with and he was not about to do that to anyone else either.

But… Luna tended to forget other people existed at all. Or that other people might have emotions that she could maybe interact with.

Actually yeah, Luna tended to forget she could interact with people at all. So Harry kind of felt the obligation to at least remind her sometimes or, whether she was okay with it or not, she’d spend a lot of her life pretty alone.

Maybe not lonely as she was so not bothered by doing her own thing, but if she could continue doing that while also having a lot of people around her if possible, Harry wanted to help her achieve that. He now knew the importance of leaning on others, and while he was still absolutely shit at actually practicing what he preached, he at least knew it was important on some intellectual level.

Luckily Luna didn’t take offense to his needling, and just tilted her head as she considered that.

“Perhaps.” She allowed, and harry was content to let it drop now that he was decently sure she’d absorbed what he was trying to say. What she did with the information was her own choice though.

They went back to watching the Hufflepuff try and make an attempt at conversation with his Gryffindor classmate, but he was pretty awkward and she seemed too shy to form words so it didn’t seem to be going very well. He did his house proud though by pushing forward and trying to be friendly despite it though.

“Hm… maybe I was right about the blibbering humdinger after all.” Luna commented lightly, and Harry gave a weary sigh as Colin howled in pain at his still-defiant broom below them.

“Yeah I’m thinking maybe you are.”

000

Harry knew something was wrong when he saw the expression Draco had on as he marched determinedly over towards him.

Where he was sitting, at the Gryffindor table one fine weekend morning. He didn’t even need all his fingers to count the amount of times Draco had willingly, of his own accord without prompting, come to sit with him at the Gryffindor table in the past year, so this was a big thing.

And what was even worse, was that Blaise and Nott were following close on his heels—Theo was blank as always but Blaise was looking positively ecstatic and if that didn’t set every warning flag Harry had up, he didn’t know what would. The only saving grace was that if it were legitimately controversial or dangerous, Theo would be nowhere to be found rather than following Draco’s lead in the thick of it so… maybe it wouldn’t be so bad.

But still. Harry was fully on guard as he casually waved at them.

“Draco, quidditch try-outs aren’t for another week, what’s with the face?” He teased as they got within earshot, and the blond rolled his eyes automatically at the jibe before jumping right to it.

“We’re kidnapping you.”

“Oh?” He tilted his head and felt Neville watching them like a hawk from behind him. “I wouldn’t mind if you kidnapped me but given Blaise’s involved I might have to decline.”

Since clearly every Gryffindor around them was eavesdropping on this situation without even trying to be subtle, he enjoyed the way the twins almost choked on their food before sinking below the table to dissolve into giggles. Draco’s ears turned a soft pink, which had been Harry’s goal, but unfortunately he was too used to the teasing to be dissuaded from his mission.

“I’ll have you know for once I didn’t do anything for this, I just would not be caught dead anywhere else when I could witness this firsthand.” Blaise chirped gleefully, and surprisingly Theo just nodded in total agreement.

“Same.”

Okay, suspicious as hell. Theo just spoke in front of Gryffindors so the world must be ending.

“And what exactly is so interesting both Blaise and Theo want to witness it, and is it going to hurt.” He narrowed his eyes pointedly at them.

Draco sighed, but Theo smirked visibly for once.

“It’s a fair question.” He allowed pointedly to the blond who just shot him a filthy look.

“No it’s not going to hurt! And no I’m not about to announce in the middle of bloody lion territory so just get up!”

“Be a bit more of a brat Draco, I’m more willing to listen to you that way.” Harry rolled his eyes as he stood up anyway, tossing his napkin down to the table before turning back to his dormmates who’d been watching the exchange warily. “If I’m not back by lunch, have Hagrid send Fluffy to fetch me.”

“Fluffy?” Blaise frowned.

“What, the hell hound?” Dean balked as Seamus’ eyebrows flew up his face at that.

“What hell hound? Also, named Fluffy?” Blaise demanded even louder, but Harry just waved them all off and followed Draco’s charge out of the Great Hall. “Oi Potter, what?”

“You don’t need to know.”

“Like hell I don’t!”

Harry just laughed in his face as they made their way out of the Great Hall. The only reason he felt comfortable telling Blaise about Fluffy now when he’d kept it hidden last year was that Hagrid had told him he’d actually moved Fluffy into the Forbidden Forest now that he was no longer needed to protect the Philosopher’s stone since it’s destruction. And technically Hogwarts now owned Fluffy as a protective measure for the students from creepy hooded figures who might be killing unicorns in the forest rather than Hagrid being in a legal grey area of owning a hell hound that he was technically not allowed to own as an individual. Blaise could no longer use it against the groundskeeper even if he did learn more about it—but it was far funnier to just keep dropping hints and watch him get annoyed as he was left in the dark.

Torturing Blaise took an immediate backseat though as Draco lead them towards what Harry initially thought was the Potions classroom, meaning down towards the dungeons. As they passed said classroom though, Harry started wondering wildly what else was down here and when it finally hit him, his jaw literally dropped in surprise.

“No way.”

“Took you long enough.” Theo noted.

“Is this a trap?” he asked legitimately, and was not soothed when Blaise turned, completely serious as he nodded once.

“Yes.”

Harry narrowed his eyes at him but chose to believe Draco’s eye roll rather than Blaise’s alarmingly good acting skills and pretend that answer had been a lie.

“Okay not that I am not stoked to hell about this but, ah, what? How does this make any sense? I mean I wouldn’t invite you into the Gryffindor dorm even if I thought there was a snowball’s chance in hell you’d say yes so this makes like, zero sense at all.”

“We have our reasons.”

“Which are?”

“None of your business.” Draco lifted his chin in the air, and if Harry was taken off guard by being so blatantly kept in the dark, it was overshadowed by how impressed he was at how far his baby cactus had come. He admitted their friendship so far had been rather skewed in his favor, and at this point Harry just admitted to the fact he was a bit of a bully. Being told to essentially get lost when clearly he was being used for some kind of snake-like ploy was actually kind of refreshing in an odd way.

At least it was refreshing to see Draco leading the charge and people actually fall in line, as despite how bratty he acted he never actually got his way all that often. At the very least Harry could admire how Draco was confidently leading a Gryffindor and two well-known pureblood heirs into snake territory and he didn’t even seem remotely concerned about what he was facing.

Seems he wasn’t the only one who had plans that worked out, and despite not knowing what Draco had been up to recently, Harry was proud of his friend anyway.

Still on guard of course, but it felt a bit more comfortable to know this was all according to Draco’s plan and he trusted the Malfoy heir before a lot of people.

“Well okay then. Can I at least ask why so suddenly and formally?” Because being approached and escorted were huge red flags that the timing was in no way an accident, and Draco at least could admit that much.

“The quidditch team has the pitch booked for practice all morning, and it’s a Hogsmeade weekend. After breakfast most, if not all the upper years will be going into town given it’s the first trip of the year.” He waved it off uncaringly. Which made sense, as if someone were to cause a stink about this it’d be an upper year, or the Slytherin quidditch team specifically, but…

“So… that doesn’t exactly comfort me.”

“Trust me, everyone knows you’ll be here today.” Theo explained calmly, with just enough glint to his eyes to be extremely ominous. So while yes, that answered Harry’s concern that he wasn’t going to shock someone into hexing him by popping up in their common room, it wasn’t exactly soothing.

He was saved from having to figure out a response to that when Draco turned, shooting him an annoyed look.

“Oh yeah, and I also have a delivery for you from Greengrass. Do I want to know?” He didn’t sound amused as he slipped a simple envelope from his robe and passed it to him as they walked, and Harry, knowing immediately what it was, instantly slipped it into his bottomless bag for safe keeping, seeing the curious spark in Blaise’s eye.

“No.” He answered Draco but also scolded Blaise who clearly had the thought cross his mind about grabbing it. He looked visibly tempted to do so but restrained.

“What’s Greengrass got that I don’t?” He complained.

“Morals.” Harry deadpanned, and while slightly surprised by the sudden response, Blaise seemed to just shrug at that surprisingly solid answer.

“Okay fine, but when do I get to trade with you? I’m way a way better grey person you know.”

“Debatable,” Harry immediately snarked back, before suddenly remembering his next summer plans and grimaced. “As it is I may want to trade something to you if my current plan doesn’t work out.”

“That’s a horrible idea.” Theo commented almost conversationally, and Harry nodded in total agreement.

“True, but it’s kind of a last resort sort of situation. At the moment if my back-up, back-up, back-up plan fails then I’m kind of out of options. And I know Blaise could help, even if it’d suck. At least if he couldn’t I’d never let him live it down.”

“I am right here.”

“Do you disagree?”

He considered it a second before shrugging again. “Fine, carry on.”

“No don’t carry on—first of all I’m going to go into detail about what a bad idea that is later,” Draco shot him another look that promised a lengthy lecture in Harry’s future (not that we was expecting anything else). “And secondly, we’re here. You stand there; just because you’re visiting doesn’t mean I won’t be skinned alive if I spill the password.” He ordered them to stand still as he walked a bit farther down the hall to what Harry assumed was the Slytherin dorm entrance.

Blaise clearly took issue with being ordered to do anything and followed Draco out of spite—which left only Harry and Theo who surprisingly stood by politely instead of abandoning him.

And he even struck up a conversation, which frankly made Harry’s day.

“Is Fluffy really a hell hound?”

“Yeah. Twenty-foot Cerberus, actually. Hagrid tends to name harmless things terrifying names and terrifying things harmless names. So Fluffy will eat you but Fang will probably just drool on you. Also you might want to live in fear of the pet named Phil.”

“Good to know.” He tilted his head back, squinting down the hall. “I don’t like dogs.”

“Never really been around them myself. Unless we’re talking Fluffy.”

“Not really.”

“Bit of an outlier I guess.”

He got a blank stare for that and Harry had to grin. Talk about dry humor, but he loved it anyway.

“Aright,” Draco called, waving him forward and he excitedly moved up the hall to see it—unlike the Gryffindor common room being guarded by a painting, it was just an otherwise unremarkable bare stretch of stone wall that opened into a doorway. Leave it to Slytherin to be more subtle.

Without further ado he took the invitation and walked right in, the excitement of what he was actually doing finally catching up with him as he took in the room eagerly.

The first thing that struck him about the common room was the space. The Gryffindor common room always felt a bit cramped—very cozy and warm of course but the clutter and many banners and fluffy surfaces, the noise, and the large population of people always hanging out in there always made it feel full and cramped. Not in a bad way, but a cozy way.

There was not a stray piece of paper in this entire place, zero bookshelves or excess banners or anything like that. There weren’t even curtains on the windows, just huge vaulted glass panes making up the wall that revealed, not the grounds, but the murky green of just beneath the surface of the Great Lake. Which was super cool in its own way, as a huge field of seaweed stretched out several dozen meters below the bay window seats with tasteful black cushions that provided a very tempting studying spot.

The furniture was minimalistic, with a lot less fluffy stuff and comfy armchairs, but several more actual tables to work at and at least double the “gathering spaces” that you could find in the lion’s tower—spaces of chairs around one table or a couch angled into a corner, just generally locations you could sit with a small group to have a private gathering separate from the rest of the room. There were even seven different fireplaces Harry could spot, all smaller than Gryffindor’s single, behemoth mantel, but much more intimate so the fight over who got the warmest studying spot probably didn’t happen nearly as often here. There was still a wide-open space, slightly lowered in the middle of the room though, so if something were to need attention drawn to there was nearly a stage-like space for that to happen. The furniture itself wasn’t cold exactly, but it was black, silver, sleek, and maybe accompanied with a beautifully upholstered pillow here and there in elegant greens and silvers. Everything matched and looked like it was carved from the same set of ancient trees or skinned from the same black dragon.

Most impressive was the ceilings—three stories tall and arching in finely curved stone, giving the illusion that the already large floorspace was even larger still. The fact the windows went straight to the top on two separate walls and the remaining walls were lined with only three equally large paintings was a bold but classy styling choice. The fact the painting seemed to be of Salazar Slytherin and two gorgeous paintings of Hogwarts grounds, was pretty predictable though. He did like that the paintings did seem to be mirroring the weather outside though, otherwise that was a huge coincidence and Harry was used to magic enough to the point he highly doubted it was an accident.

“Impressed?” Blaise snarked.

“Enjoying the novelty,” He corrected slightly as he continued looking around in fascination. “Is it always so quiet?”

Now that he’d taken in the impressive view, the most obvious difference was the noise level. And it wasn’t like it was totally empty—there were a dozen kids scattered about doing their own things, either talking in small groups or studying alone, even two playing chess by the window and clearly arguing over it. But despite that Harry couldn’t make out a single word anywhere aside from the general murmur of background talking as if from farther away than they appeared to be.

“I can only imagine the din in Gryffindor’s dorm; perish the thought.” Blaise sniffed in distaste.

Draco thankfully answered more thoroughly though. “The common room is mainly to study and talk amongst yourselves. If you’re disturbing anyone else trying to do that, then you’re an annoyance.” He translated, which Harry interpreted to mean people kept their voices down so that their business remained their business. If you started shouting for the whole room to hear, or even loudly enough the person next to the area you were immediately sitting in could clearly hear you, you were either bad at Slytherin politics or you purposefully wanted to be overheard.

Which was a far cry from Gryffindor where sometimes the only way to be heard was to shout over everyone else who was shouting. Even during accepted “studying times” when it was mostly quiet, you just learned to block out the group of people cursing and cheering over their exploding snap game in the corner.

“Also, the ceilings are enchanted.” Theo pointed up, leading the way to an area around one of the far fireplaces, plopping himself down in an armchair. Which, was the most initiative Harry had ever witnessed from him, but by how comfy he seemed in that chair he was going to assume that was Theo’s chair and had probably spent a lot of his Hogwarts career reading in it by now. Given Draco and Blaise just followed suit, causing Harry to trail along with them, he figured this was an extremely common thing and was excited to be included.

He refocused on what Theo was saying though as he looked up to what he was pointing at, and realized this sitting area was directly below one of the square arches above them. It didn’t take him long to notice each of the many gathering areas in the room was also cleverly situated beneath an arch in one way or another.

“Are they silencing charms?” He wondered aloud as he didn’t bother sitting just yet, unabashedly just turning around to inspect the room more as the snakes just watched him in amusement.

“Kind of. Mild versions of it that Salazar Slytherin himself supposedly put up. They make it difficult to hear things in other areas, but not impossible. Another reason being overheard is difficult—you shouldn’t be able to hear someone in another area unless they want to be heard, just a general murmur. And also talking at a normal volume or whispering—if you shout then all bets are off.” Draco explained.

Theo made a face. “There are certainly those who don’t give a shit and talk without a care who hears them, whether it’s meant to be public or not. If they don’t care who hears, we all hear it. It’s annoying.”

Harry just got a kick out of how irritated he sounded. Theo was a grumpy old man stuck in a twelve-year-old’s body and he loved it.

“Okay I’ll admit this place is cool.” He spun around slowly again, re-inspecting the arches now that he knew their purpose. “And if I’m allowed back this is a way better place to study then Gryffindor tower.”

“We cannot confirm nor deny that having easier access to you and your knowledge of Transfiguration may or may not be a solid reason for inviting you in the first place, so yeah you’ll likely be brought back.” Blaise smirked, and Harry flashed him a grin.

That was another point in favor of specializing—if he thought it was good for trades then he’d underestimated how much Slytherins liked information. It had turned out even better than he’d hoped if he’d got an invite directly into the snake den itself within a year and change of starting Hogwarts after a centuries-long house feud. This was awesome!

“Yes, yes, gawk all you want at the architecture and the novelty of it all but I was hoping to study some. That was the excuse for this visit after all,” Draco was the only one who had his bag on him and placed it on the table between them pointedly. Harry perked up because he was happy to talk Transfiguration if they— “I know you haven’t done your Charms essay yet.”

His face dropped.

Ugh.

“Don’t like Charms?” Theo seemed amused at his reaction.

“Charms is fine.” He deflected promptly. “It’s not Transfiguration for sure. But it’s fine.”

“Can’t be prodigies at everything then.” Blaise smirked at him and then walked off before Harry could retaliate—presumably to get his own books as he had nothing on him. Harry would’ve shouted something rude after him but having just heard about how shouting wasn’t something Slytherins did in their common room, he held it in. No need to out himself as the annoying Gryffindor in the snake den within five minutes of getting here.

Theo stood as well, also seeming to need to go grab his things.

“I’ve already done my essay if you’d be interested in talking Transfiguration anyway?” He offered, a bit too delicately to be casual. In an instant Harry realized this was the first time Theo was actually offering to do a deal with him and he almost jumped at the chance simply for the principle of it all—but then he caught sight of Draco’s glare and grimaced.

“Draco will get mad if I don’t do better in Charms—I’d love to, don’t get me wrong, but maybe next time.” He apologized instead, and Theo’s blue eyes understood immediately as he glanced at Draco’s expression too. He, as well, made a hasty exit before Draco could say something on the matter, which was frankly just smart.

Said blond got a bit huffy as he chose his seat and started pulling out his books. “Trust me, you could trade for anything at this point but please don’t.” He scolded, giving him a big, grey-eyed, imploring look that Harry had to turn fully around to ignore.

“You can’t tell me what to trade for or not, I just also understand the merit of learning Charms basics myself. Once we get into upper year stuff, if it’s not on the OWLs you can’t make me care about it.”

“That’s such a horrible mindset.”

“You can’t make me care about it!” He declared, giving him a playful look over his shoulder, to which he got an annoyed groan in return. Not really ready to settle down just yet though, still overwhelmed by this unexpectedly exciting opportunity in front of him, he walked around their little bubble just to inspect it further. There really wasn’t much to it but he did like the fireplace itself—it wasn’t nearly as ornate or roaring as Gryffindor’s, being much smaller and more for ambiance rather than heat in the still-warm fall weather, but the stone carvings around it were some of the castle’s finest work.

It looked to be two huge trees on either sides, the mantle being branches with a thousand individual carved leaves. Predictably, there were snakes carved through the whole thing, twisting into the branches, down the trunk, and two huge python-looking beasts wrapped around the chaos of roots that spilled out from the wall and onto the floor around the fireplace, forming the basin that caught stray ash and coals from the main pyre. Really impressive stuff, particularly because clearly it was magical: the snakes in the trees were moving as if alive and exploring their stone habitat lazily.

He got a bit closer to it, and one hanging curled around a middle branch lifted it’s diamond shaped marble head, coming out as if to look directly at him.

It was insanely detailed, to the point Harry could see every single carved stone scale, the glint against it’s body as if it were truly alive and not marble, even the breathe in it’s tiny body and the flickering of its stone tongue so delicately and lifelike it was incredible. Upon closer inspection, its eyes were actual emeralds, and Harry had no doubt they were totally real. It made him wonder wildly if it’s fangs would be venomous then too, given the attention to detail here, and it made him pause before getting closer because that would be such a Gryffindor thing to do: he’d only be an idiot to test the theory personally.

“That’s so cool.” He muttered, mainly to himself, and the snake lifted it’s head higher in response. And in fact it was in response as it spoke directly addressing him.

"What is a nasssty lion doing in our den?" It hissed in a tone very similar to how annoyed Theo had just been complaining about his loud housemates.

Harry’s starry-eyed fascination with the craftsmanship of the stone snakes was lost some by the attitude, taken aback slightly. Not that he should’ve expected anything else from a snake Slytherin himself probably enchanted to life.

He maturely stuck his tongue out at it, and it flickered its tongue right back at him.

"They do that all the time, ignore it." Draco waved it off distractedly, tapping the table near him in a silent command for Harry to settle down and focus now.

"Are they always so rude?" He complained as he obediently returned back to the table to plop down beside him and slip his own bag off his shoulders. There was a chorus of wordless hissing behind him, clearly complaining about being called rude. He just whipped around to stick his tongue out at them again, which seemed to actually silence them surprisingly enough.

Draco watched him do that, but just blinked at the motion in confusion, clearly not understanding.

“What? Rude?”

Harry gave him a look.

"Oh come on, even you cannot be unaware of how rude being called a nasty lion is." He deadpanned.

Draco just stared back at him, visibly uncomprehending.

"Draco, please tell me you're not that hopeless."

Grey eyes blinked at him.

“…what?”

“What do you mean ‘what’? I take offense to people calling me a ‘nasty lion’, I didn’t think that’d be weird.”

“No, I mean who said that?”

“Uh…” Harry did not understand what he was missing here. The hissing behind got steadily louder though, and he turned his head back to them in surprise when the wordless hissing suddenly got some words, and it all sounded like the snakes were very alarmed and excited about something.

He jumped as a hand clamped down on his arm, and he whipped back around to see Draco looking very alarmed and his knuckles white as they fisted tightly into the sleeve of his currently-visible invisibility cloak.

"What?"

"Eh?" Now it was Harry’s turn to just stare in alarm at that reaction.

"What do you mean 'nasty lion'? Who said that?" Draco demanded with an intense urgency he’d never heard from the blond before, his voice rising until Harry wasn’t sure if other areas would actually be able to hear him or not. No one looked over so maybe it was still fine?

"Uh… the snakes?" He pointed over his shoulder as the hissing suddenly cut off, which surprised him.

"…the lion can underssstand usss?" Harry turned, and one of the huge snakes at the base of the tree had uncurled itself slightly, body rising up and face looking directly at him.

The other one at the mirroring tree did the same, it’s whispering, hissing tone sounding amazed and confused in one. "He is a Ssspeaker?"

"Of course I can understand you, you're speaking English aren't you? And what's a Speaker?" He demanded, and the hand on his sleeve disappeared the same moment a loud thud startled him to whip back around.

Draco was staring at him with the most horrified look he’d ever seen on someone, clearly not caring at all to check his expression for once.

But Harry was less concerned with Draco, and more with Theo, who had suddenly reappeared into their bubble and dropped the book he was holding gracelessly to the floor.

And he was pale as a sheet, to the point Harry actually instantly stood up in alarm, as if to catch the boy if he suddenly passed out.

“Oh my god, Theo are you okay?” He was very convinced that Theo was going to faint in a second but as he took a step to move towards him, Draco jumped up and got in front of him again, hands instantly on his shoulders and shaking him slightly—and it startled enough that Harry just let it happen in surprise.

"Harry—! No, Harry focus: are you talking to those snakes?" He demanded urgently, and Theo somehow got paler. For as mother-hen-like as Draco was, he seemed alarmingly unperturbed that one of his dormmates seemed seconds from dying right behind him.

"Uh… yes? Can you not understand them? I would think that'd be a Slytherin thing.” He said slowly, getting a sinking feeling that maybe this was like… a thing. “Theo what’s wrong?”

Innocuous as the question was, it didn’t seem to help in any way as Theo just jerked as if wrenching himself out of his horror and immediately bent down to pick his book back up. When he stood upright though, he just clutched it tightly to his chest, and made no move to release it as he stiffly walked past them and back to this chair without answering, sinking into it but his spine rigid and his eyes far too wide. Like he’d just witnessed a horrific murder and was too shocked for words.

He turned to Draco for answers but the blond looked to have none, being totally at a loss as he ran a hand over his forehead in stunned disbelief.

"I… I mean yes it's… it’s a Slytherin thing as in Salazar Slytherin himself could speak to snakes. Only his bloodline can—the Slytherin direct bloodline." He explained, sounding like he could not process the fact he was saying this out loud.

Harry stared at him.

And maybe a bit belatedly, the information he was being told here filtered into his mind.

“…uh… what?” Was all he could come up with because… because what?

What did…?

He internally flailed, like the information was there, but it wasn’t connecting in a meaningful way inside of him.

Did not compute, try again later.

One look at Theo staring at the table top between them like it’d just murdered a puppy in front of him, and his stomach started to twist uncomfortably.

"Harry, what are the snakes saying." Draco grabbed onto his arms once more to refocus him, the same urgent tone back in such an intense way he didn’t put up a fight as he turned to blink at the snakes once more and focus on what they were hissing at him.

"Uh…"

"Tell him we definitely heard his little tirade to the Zabini boy last night." One of the smaller ones at the top said rather smugly, and the surrealness of it all was kind of marred by how… normal that bit of information was. Like the fact it was a piece of gossip seemed really out of place in amongst all the other earth-shattering emotions he had rocking through him right now that he was too stunned to even feel properly.

"Something about hearing your tirade to Blaise yesterday night?" he translated, giving him a look when Draco just choked on air and his cheeks turned slightly pink

“Ah—any details?"

"Oh no, it's more interesssting to hold it over his head." The same snake told him cheerfully, a couple others hissing their amused agreement.

Harry relayed that message and Draco seemed to melt in relief some, before standing up straight and returning to a very serious expression Harry hadn’t seen him wear before. "This is concerning. I mean… not exactly but… it makes no sense whatsoever that you'd be a parselmouth."

"A what now?"

"A parselmouth. Someone who can speak parseltongue, the language of snakes. They speak to snakes essentially."

"And only the Slytherin bloodline can do it, which means it probably has a bad reputation, broadly speaking." Harry put together slowly, glancing over at Theo again who still had not blinked but he had color in his cheeks again at least. So… he probably wasn’t about to pass out but very much did not look okay still.

"Even amongst Slytherins it's… I mean, the last living person who was a parselmouth was the dark lord." Draco seemed to falter as he explained that, and Harry took another too-long minute to absorb that.

But when he did… he felt his own cheeks get a bit cold as blood fled from his face and hands.

"Oh." He got out in a weak tone, breathe seeming to come a bit harsher all of a sudden. "But… but you said some of his supremacy spiel was that he was the last living Slytherin descendant."

"There's no way to prove he wasn't, and being the only living parselmouth was proof enough for most. It could be that he's the last in the direct line, but since it's so rare there's nothing to say it can't have been passed down in branch lines but remained dormant." Draco recited as if automatically repeating something he’d learned since birth, but then he seemed to snap out of it as the reality of the situation seemed to hit home again. “But Harry… I mean… Merlin…”

“…you have no idea what to make of this, do you?” He frowned, and the blond grimaced harshly.

“No, I don’t.” He admitted in both apology and something like condolences. Slytherins hated the unknown after all—and this was about as worst-case scenario as you could get. As much as Draco might’ve wanted to help him… how could anyone help this?

And he was just learning this information, it was still slowly sinking in… but Slytherins grew up knowing about the dark lord and parseltongue and… this was… this was…

This was bad.

And that was also the understatement of the year.

He turned to Theo with wide eyes of his own now.

“Theo?” He asked again in the same soft tone, and the boy blinked out of his shock finally… holding his book tighter and lifting his gaze to meet his own almost in a daze.

There was no poker face any more, he just looked horrified.

“…it’s…” He shook his head slightly, lowering his gaze back to the table but finally releasing his book as he placed it down pointedly in front of him, seeming to take a deep breath. “I’m not sure either. But ah… I would expect that among Slytherins at least, this’ll be… either impressive, or terrifying.” He admitted reluctantly.

“Terrifying…?” Harry repeated, feeling rather numb.

Of course, I have some unique ability in common with the bloody dark lord. Most of these children have been raised by parents who feared and respected him. Or hated him secretly, but definitely kept that quiet out of terror probably.

“Maybe the Ssspeaker is a nasssty lion, but he’sss interesssting asssss well.”

“No one’sss been able to underssstand us in ssso long, and we know ssso many thingsss.”

“Thisss could be fun, I sssuppose. Alssso, he’sss a pretty color.”

“Mm, pretty color indeed.”

In the grave silence the humans were sitting in, he listened back into the snakes behind him who still hadn’t shut up, and as horrifying as all this was, their words triggered something inside of him.

It may have merely been fight or flight, but he didn’t want to run away. He was tired of running away.

And not in a way that meant he didn’t want to run away, it was just that he was literally not capable of it anymore. He was just too tired, too beaten, and too weary for this to be yet another thing that haunted him and ate into his soul like a festering wound. He had too much shit going on to take this personally too—he would legitimately go insane and he just didn’t have time for that.

He still didn’t understand it all, and he was sure this would keep him up at night if the nightmares didn’t already, but when backed into a corner his mind only ever got clear enough to fight back. And Theo’s pale expression triggered the same protective rage in his chest he got when he saw Luna without her shoes on, and his flare of a temper only ever made his mind sharp and fanged.

Theo admitted this was going to terrify a lot of snake children. It clearly terrified him.

The dark lord was the one who did that to them. To all of them.

Harry being able to talk to snakes was not wrong or frightening—he refused to believe he was a freak or a monster and he’d sworn to that to himself half a lifetime ago so this was in no way going to change that. He was not the problem—the problem was the other snake-speaker and all the horrific, unforgivable things he’d done.

On the most part, Harry viewed Slytherin house as a challenge to overcome. Untapped potential in friends, new connections, opportunities and personified puzzles.

Aside from Draco he had never once felt the urge to protect them.

And yet all of a sudden, he felt an overwhelming, very Gryffindor urge to sink his teeth into something if it meant protecting a bunch of snake children from the myth of a man who terrified such proud, clever people into the pale, slightly shaking mess that Theo was right now.

Theo hadn’t cracked for a year, no matter what Harry had done—not giving even an inch.

But this… this cracked him like an delicate robin’s egg and you know what Harry could relate and so no, this was not a him problem, this was a fucking Voldemort issue and he wasn’t going to take shit for something that bastard had done. He refused.

Decision made, he listened closely to the snakes and formed a plan.

It was in this very tense silence as the three of them sat in their chairs and stonily considered their life choices that lead them here, that Blaise made his return and stopped dead once he got within range and read the shockingly dark atmosphere that had suddenly appeared.

He looked at all three of them in turn before blinking rapidly. They were probably quite a scene—when he left they were all positively cheery for the exciting event of Harry visiting for the first time, and now Harry was sure he looked slightly pissed off, Draco was anxiously tapping his unopened textbook in front of him while shifting in his seat nervously, and Nott was still pale enough to look very ill and was silent again, even if his blank expression was back in place (probably in defense of Blaise himself, as if the Zabini’s return had reminded him to keep it together).

Still. They probably made quite a picture.

“…okay, I was only gone like five minutes. What the hell happened?” He demanded in his bratty way, and Harry perked up as his hastily formed plan was presented with a golden opportunity he hadn’t accounted for.

“If I tell you, all of Slytherin will know by tomorrow, right?”

Draco and Theo snapped their heads to look at him again, eyebrows skyrocketing up in alarm.

“Yes—do not tell him.” Draco warned immediately, Theo nodding seriously from across the table.

“Oi, rude.” Blaise was not even offended, just annoyed to be kept out of the loop and clearly not bothered if they wouldn’t tell him. He probably half expected as much.

Unfortunately for everyone, Harry wasn’t going to play by Slytherin’s rules this time.

He only paused a second to consider his wording, before looking up at the tall boy and meeting his gaze directly to convey the seriousness of it all.

“Apparently I’m a parselmouth and I didn’t realize that was something special until just now.”

All three of them gaped at him.

It spoke to the seriousness of the situation that he couldn’t even be amused by Blaise’s shocked expression either, because yeah, he definitely looked stunned.

The Zabini heir got over it quickly though, correcting his expression and straightening up as he strolled casually closer and dusting off his robes in a show of casualty.

“So, uh, Potter, I like you and all, but you do realize I’m going to have to tell everyone? Simply business, you understand.” He spoke like he was talking about the weather—until he suddenly slammed his hands down onto the arms of the chair Harry was sitting in and got right in his face, completely disregarding the no-yelling rule they’d just discussed and jumping to a panicked volume more befitting a Gryffindor. “Are you insane!? Do you know what this house will do to you!? WHY would you tell me that!?”

“Blaise shut up!” Draco was on his feet again and bodily pulling his dormmate back, whipping his head around to shoot the people who’d clearly heard that and were now looking at them an acidic glare. “Go about your business!” He snapped and they did so… or at least were pretending not to eavesdrop so blatantly now.

Harry lifted his chin defiantly at them, but he did drop his voice some to a more mild tone, so hopefully even those trying to eavesdrop wouldn’t be able to hear. They automatically copied his posture by coming slightly closer to listen.

“I’m not going to hide who or what I am just for your comfort, and also Draco and Theo are great Slytherins and they had no idea how to react. If I’m in control of how people find out, then all the better.”

“Yeah, but you’re not the one in control anymore— I am.” Blaise pointed to himself like that explained everything and he was stupid for not realizing, but stupid or not Harry did get it. He just didn’t care.

And his smile was a tad evil as he nodded to that point but continued anyway. “Yes, but those snakes up on the mantle have heard every conversation that’s happened in this common room since pretty much ever—and I’m the only one who can understand them. If you work with me on this, I’ll disregard anything they tell me about you. It’s already too late, they’ve already said some things and I bet even that’s far too many for your tastes.” He lied because he didn’t exactly hear anything about Blaise just yet, but he’d also just learned there was no way anyone could verify if he was telling the truth or not about this now.

At face value, prejudice and the reputation behind this ability aside, focusing only on how he could use it for his benefit… this was a damn good thing.

He didn’t know how to feel about being a parselmouth just yet, but one emotion he could recognize was anger, and frustration. This was an opportunity and he was going to use it damn it.

The three Slytherins around him dropped their jaws again, as they too realized the implications of his ability.

More than that, that he had wasted no time in figuring out how to use it against them.

Instead of frightening them further, even Theo was just looking at him with wide eyes now as he mentally raced over the possibilities, face less pale at the distraction.

“Oh, I like him.”

“Tell the boy we sssaw him talking to the fourth year,”

“The one with the dark hair,”

“Who isss in love with a lion.”

Well that’s handy, he had to smile, as in the pause while they tried to formulate a response to that the snakes felt the initiative to ensure his lie wasn’t a lie at all. He could work with this.

And Blaise wasn’t stupid, he knew immediately that the slightly louder hissing had been something key, looking abruptly distressed for once.

“Wait, wait, wait—what did they say?”

“They saw you talking to a fourth year with dark hair, who…” Harry tilted his head as if pretending to listen to the snakes, but their hissing was just laughter at the Zabini’s expense as he got toyed with. “Is apparently dating someone controversial, huh?”

Blaise stiffened and then smoothed down the front of his robes once more.

“Well, that settles that. He talks to snakes.” He deadpanned bluntly. “Out of professional courtesy I’m going to ask you not to go repeating that to anyone and you have a bloody deal, Potter. I’m still going to tell everyone but how exactly did you want to do this.”

“Blaise, are you helping someone?” Draco was sufficiently distracted by the sudden tone shift to turn to his roommate incredulously, and got a big hand in his face telling him to shut up.

“Repeat to no one,” Blaise insisted in a hiss of his own. “I am well compensated so it’s not out of the kindness of my non-existent heart. Don’t go spreading about libel like that, you jerk.”

Harry grinned, but a bit darkly as Blaise simply confirmed his theory that this bad reputation for parselmouths was all Voldemort’s fault. Theo’s family had a dark alignment, and Draco’s used to—they had reacted in fear or horror. The Zabinis were untouchable though, and he seemed to have almost no reaction at all; not a personal or emotional one that Harry could tell, at least. He most certainly wasn’t frightened by any means, he was just Blaise. He was already over it and, like Harry, working on how to deal with it in a way that benefited him (or did damage control, given his situation).

Maybe it was just because the boy was more unhinged then Harry was mentally prepared to understand just yet, which was a very real possibility that couldn’t be discounted, but in this moment Harry was more willing to think it proved that Slytherin house might not be his biggest issue with this discovery. Those with dark alignments would have to be treated with care… whether they deserved it or not, he didn’t want to frighten them like it had clearly unnerved Theo and put Draco right on edge. Unless there was a thirty-year-old seventh year on the school roster, not a single one of these children had ever directly served the dark lord—he may not like them or wish good things on some of them, but that didn’t mean he wanted to needlessly torture them either. They were not their parents—not yet.

He could be smart about this. And he just snagged Blaise as a legitimate ally for the first time ever so… he was actually in a good position with this honestly.

Still, frankly more importantly: a Slytherin and a Gryffindor were dating??? Of course the move would be to go to Blaise to ensure that information stayed hidden—or maybe Blaise had found out on his own as he was a gossip whore, and was being paid for his silence. He must be paid quite well if he was that intent on keeping his end of the bargain…

There was some Romeo and Juliet nonsense happening amongst the upper years he’d had no idea about and it entertained him greatly. Some star-crossed lovers of opposing houses crap that he almost wanted to gush over.

He was half tempted to ask the snakes for more information, but figured if he didn’t know who they were, the more protected they’d be. They clearly wanted to remain unknown if they’d resorted to dealing with Blaise, after all, and he was working on being less nosey and bossy in general. Best let sleeping dogs lie.

“That’ll be good.” Theo spoke up finally, seeming to have himself collected once more and glancing at him cautiously. “The fact you could possibly learn our secrets, or at least will know any we’ve spoken about in here for now, will keep a lot of people off your back temporarily. It won’t last forever, though.” He was clearly not including himself—he barely talked at all last year, much less said something incriminating in front of a fireplace, so he was probably the only one who was safe.

Of course once this got out, they’d immediately learn to either talk elsewhere or put up silencing charms. A clever upper year could put a silencing charm around the snakes themselves even, and just leave it there. But in the short term, this was one powerful weapon he had against the snake house and he’d be pretty stupid not to get everything he could while he had the chance. He glanced back at the snakes and wondered what the best thing to ask was, before Draco suddenly straightened up and seemed to veer the conversation.

“We need to know more.” He announced, and at Harry’s quizzical look elaborated. “I’ll write to my father—you need to get to the goblins as soon as possible and do a bloodline test, and he can make that happen. I know the world thinks they know all about the Potter line, but clearly we don’t know everything and the sooner we have a solid answer the better.”

“You think he’s actually…” Theo trailed off, not able to even finish the thought but uncomfortable with the implication they’d been avoiding.

Slytherins descendant.

Related to the dark lord!?

“…excuse me while I go be sick for a second,” He got out, knowing he sounded distinctly queasy, and Blaise looked sympathetic for what might be the first time in his life. Draco and Theo just looked grim as hell. He blew out a weary breath, but nodded in agreement. “Well… I guess at least knowing the truth can’t be worse than being ignorant. Even if it’s probably going to suck.” It’d also get him to Axeclaw, in person, before winter break. Not the most ideal of circumstances to bring that about, but an opportunity he really couldn’t afford to waste either.

“Yeah, probably.” Blaise agreed unhelpfully.

“Would you be able to hold off a couple days for me to do this then?”

The tall Slytherin tapped his chin thoughtfully. “I suppose. I might enjoy holding it over people’s heads a bit, keep them in suspense for a while to ensure they really want it before trading it might be entertaining.”

“You scare me sometimes, you know that?”

“Marry me?”

“Nope.”

“Blaise stop.” Draco instantly dropped into a scowl, which seemed to light up Blaise’s whole body as he got the reaction he wanted.

“You can’t tell me what to do, Malfoy!” He howled with a wicked grin, taking a neat step back as if getting out of range. “If you wanted to stop me then you just have to suck it up and-”

Draco lunged and Blaise dodged—but Draco was clearly training hard to be on the quidditch team because he had him by the back of the robes and then they were just shoving each other, bickering quietly with Blaise trying to finish a sentence and Draco kicking him to make him shut up before he could.

Harry just stared because that was… weird. Also, total mood shift.

Not that it was a surprise Blaise couldn’t stay serious for more than five minutes.

What was a surprise was to see Draco and Blaise wrestling like they weren’t Slytherin heirs and were actually just the twelve-year-olds they were. They very rarely actually acted their ages, but maybe because they were safe in the confines of their own dorm for once?

…eh, Harry decided he liked it, even if he did not understand.

He turned to Theo curiously, who was just sitting across the table and watching the exchange with blank eyes again. Whatever was happening was not nearly as shocking at the parselmouth thing, clearly. Seeing his curiosity the blue-eyed boy just shook his head, silently signaling that he didn’t want to know, and you know what Harry was going to trust him on that.

“Do they do that a lot?” He asked instead, much quieter to match Theo’s generally quiet mood.

“Yeah.” He answered just as quietly, unbothered. “Draco being awake is new.”

“Excuse me?”

“He’s not a morning person. Blaise takes joy in waking up him by any means necessary.”

“Oh.” Harry had no idea what to make of that. He hadn’t considered it before but he did know Draco was a night owl and that he could sleep in until late hours during the summer because he didn’t have chores to do. He hadn’t quite made the connection that he also greatly enjoyed it too, but it wasn’t a shock. “I guess opposites do attract. I haven’t woken up past six in probably my life if I’m not drugged or injured.”

Maybe he’d been louder than he thought because Draco seemed to freeze mid-playfight and looked over, legitimately horrified once more.

“Hold up, six am?”

“Yeah. I’m a morning person.” Harry admitted, leaving out the wealth of history that made him that way.

For some reason that confession seemed to be the final straw that broke Blaise, because he gave up trying to squash Draco and literally sunk to the floor in absolute hysterics, literally pointing and crying laughing at Draco’s horrified expression until he was lying on the ground giggling himself silly.

“Blaise shut up!” Draco kicked him, but it only made him laugh harder.

“Can I go back to the snake thing?” Theo calmly ignored them and turned back to Harry, not to be deterred from the real topic at hand that Blaise couldn’t remain focused on.

“Sure. You ah… probably know more than me to be honest.”

“Has it always been a thing? Literally never heard a snake talk until the mantle?” His eyes were intent, and Harry felt an obligation to tell the truth. Theo wasn't interested in using this for gain… he just needed to know.

And yeah, Harry could relate.

So he thought back and honestly tried to answer that question.

“Well… I’ve always liked the snakes I found while gardening growing up. I’ve always thought they were friendly but can’t remember any specifics of them talking… unless I was just little and forgot about it in time. I did talk to a boa constrictor once, although that was peek accidental magic time so frankly I had other things to be more concerned about over a homesick Brazilian boa.”

“Right.” He frowned slightly as he absorbed that. “And they sound like they’re speaking English?”

“With an opposite lisp I guess. A lot of ‘s’s, but yeah, just English.”

“Would they obey you?”

He raised a brow at that, looking back over towards the mantle where the stone snakes seemed to be just as a loss as he felt by that, if not incredulous at the implication as well.

“No more than you would. They’ve got minds of their own after all.” He listened for couple seconds, getting a general idea although like six of them were talking at the same time. “They rarely get to talk to humans so it sounds like they’d be willing to work with me out of boredom or interest or something, but not because I’m automatically in charge of them just because I can speak to them. Why?”

He genuinely wanted to know where that came from, but Theo was abruptly silent again as he blue eyes watched Blaise and Draco bicker amongst themselves.

Harry could figure that lack of an answer out pretty quickly though.

“Let me guess. He could.” And there was no way they both did not know they were talking about. “Or he threatened he could.”

“Who knows.” Was all he said, slightly airy as if it were a genuine wonder, and Harry let it go, sensing they were done talking about parselmouths for now.

It wasn’t even mid-morning but Harry was exhausted with the eventful day already.

As him and Theo’s conversation dried up, he settled in a bit more to listen to the gossip the snakes were feeding him now while pretending to watch Blaise torture an increasingly frustrated Draco.

He really wasn’t sure what to do with any of this, but for now, he could sit tight and listen.

000

Draco hadn’t wasted any time writing a letter to his father—he’d actually drafted it while they went about pretending to study once the chaos of Harry’s new ability had settled down.

And what a farce of a study session it’d been: he wrote a letter, Theo was clearly just staring at his notes while thinking deep thoughts over this new development, and Harry hadn’t even pretended to not be just listening to the snakes and writing things down in his journal that gave all three of them extreme anxiety every time he did so.

Not that they could fault him… he had an advantage, and even though he’d just learned about it, he was using it. It felt… weird to watch him drift around their common room and speak to stone snakes at each and every fireplace, and the more he wrote into his journal the more the knot in Draco’s stomach twisted itself into circles…

Especially because Harry did not seem to notice at all that he was making hissing noises himself as he spoke to the mantles. Just English he’d said it sounded like in his head but… it was honestly a very unnerving language to hear coming from a human mouth. Much less Harry’s. And Draco didn’t even have a history with any parseltongue unlike his parents and many of their colleagues.

Honestly? He had no idea what to make of this. What to do even.

This was just…

Well, whatever it was, he wasn’t about to tell Harry he couldn’t do whatever it was he was planning to do with all that firepower he now had. Everyone seemed at a loss of how to handle this except Harry who seemed to come to some kind of decision far too quickly for Draco’s comfort. But at least he was moving, he was doing something.

Draco wanted to do something, he just had no clue where to even start so… he couldn’t begrudge Harry his actions even though it felt like he was going to throw up after the morning of pretending this invisible elephant wasn’t breathing down all their necks.

Well, everyone but Blaise who genuinely didn’t seem to care and was just thrilled to be plotting how to use this for his own gain. Which Draco should be doing he just… he just needed…

He needed to talk to his parents, first.

He’d sent the letter off the second they’d finished lunch, calling it a day and thankfully they all clearly had a lot on their minds because they’d barely said goodbye to each other as they scattered towards their different corners to… work things out.

He didn’t even want to know what Harry was going to do with his afternoon, but he knew Blaise was going to be spreading fire in the rumor mill to prepare for the truth to drop when Harry was ready. Nott was probably retreating to their room to bury himself in a book or something; he hadn’t touched a thing at lunch and for once Draco didn’t call him on it. He kind of felt a bit queasy himself the whole morning.

He… had a different goal in mind.

His mother had ordered him to find an excuse to bring Harry to Gringotts as he left for term, and he couldn’t believe something so blatant had just dropped into his lap like this. He was fairly certain not even his mother had seen this coming either but… well, here they were.

He already knew his father would arrange a meeting with the goblins easily enough, and his first instruction in his return letter would definitely be to get Severus’ approval to whisk them off for this meeting.

To get Severus’ approval though…

Draco did his best to gather his wits about him, before making his way back down to the dungeons where he knew his godfather was residing.

The fundamental basis of winning any battle, was to know intimately what you were fighting for.

At this point though… Draco still didn’t know.

And the one thing Slytherins hated above all, was the unknown.

000

Harry was thankful the dorm was empty by the time he got back to it, because he really just needed a moment to collect himself.

Regroup and figure out what to do, and he wasn’t even sure he could do such a thing in one afternoon but… he needed to start.

While he procrastinated wading through that minefield though, he pulled out the letter Draco had delivered to him that morning, seeing the unmarked outside but knowing exactly what it was for. Slipping it open, there was a single scrap of parchment inside—and curiously enough, one knut.

The note wasn’t signed but it was definitely Daphne’s handwriting, and it simply said:

Write what you want on a piece of parchment, place this on top. When the ink turns green, the message was sent. Place this on a blank piece of parchment for the reply. Burn all parchment sent and received. Don’t mention them by name and don’t get caught with this.

Harry turned the coin over in his palm, but it truly just looked like a knut. By the warning though, it was clearly enchanted and most likely not legally so. That wasn’t the weirdest news to him though, Draco had implied heavily that the enchanted journals Blaise had given them weren’t exactly not banned by both Hogwarts and the Ministry but there was a pretty decent chance they would be should those authorities even know they existed.

Dark arts was… well. It was an interesting topic and he wasn’t sold either way on it being good or bad—he loved his journal and this little knut was just a tool and nothing more. On the other hand, the cruciatus curse was a bitch of the highest caliber.

And that Transfiguration book Draco had given him for Christmas last year that he wasn’t supposed to read out in public or have on him while at Hogwarts was a really interesting read.

Jury was still out on his opinion either way, but he couldn’t deny it was useful at this moment as he sat down at his desk and pulled out a piece of parchment, pausing as he pulled out his quill to think of what to say. This was a clever method for security reasons, but not to mention anyone by name…

He thought for a few seconds, before leaning over the parchment once more.

000

Thank you for taking my request, Mr. Fields.

I believe Miss. Fields told you what the offer is, and I will be in your debt regardless of the outcome.

I want the dog star to be given what it deserves. At this moment I still don’t know if it will be found an enemy, nothing more than an ally, or even a friend—but no matter what it is I want to know the truth.

I want either its freedom, or an eternity in hell, depending on what that truth is.

Thank you for your time,

Sylvester.





Chapter 45: Book 2 : Envy : 12


Chapter Notes

For some reason I could not get the pacing right in this chapter, it just feels off and weird even to me and it's super annoying. But it got to the point where I've had this written for a month and wasn't posting it because I didn't like how it felt and have entirely given up--here's my half ass chapter for the sake of continuing the story; maybe someday inspiration will strike and I'll come back to fix it.

ALSO LOOK AT THIS AMAZING FANART LANY_B DID OF MY TAKE ON HARRY--LOVE <3

https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-qIe4C35Zvo0/YHEPoO-PBFI/AAAAAAAATE0/3r8GkvLZGdc413V2oKPkSaaFzxl5gjr3gCLcBGAsYHQ/w563-h563/Longhaircurlyred%2Bfinished%2B1.png





“So soon into the school year, Draco.”

It was not unusual for his godson to visit Severus office, both with questions and simply to talk at times, although on a weekend was a tad out of the normal for sure. Draco was still young, and he’d made new friends (don’t remind him) so after the boring summer he was often running around doing children things and pretending to play snake amongst other children learning to be clever—or not—so the amount of time he spent on his studies was typically lower. Particularly on their days off when he could be studying with his housemates, not cooped up getting lessons on complex potions in the dark dungeons. Draco didn’t mind the dungeons, but he definitely took after his mother in that spending an afternoon outside or by a window going about his activities was the preference.

Besides, he knew Severus used his Saturdays to get down to brewing without most interruptions, particularly the potions needed to restock the hospital wing, which was not even that interesting since Draco had mastered those years ago. He had only ever visited on weekends in the previous year due to upcoming midterms or finals, so given the term was still just starting to get into the swing of things, clearly something was amiss.

Especially since Draco did not precisely look thrilled to be there as he softly closed the door behind him. The boy often forgot to guard his expression around him when it was just them in the office, which was both encouraging for Severus personally, if not a bad sign for his godson’s future as a Slytherin. He was still on the fence about correcting that habit or not just yet, or waiting another year. He wasn’t a teenager yet, but he would be soon… and if that didn’t make Severus feel old he wasn’t sure what would.

“I’m not here for lessons,” Draco grimaced slightly, causing Severus to raise one eyebrow in interest. Must be interesting if he hesitated in sharing with even him. “I need for me and Harry to be excused for a day for my father to take us to Gringotts.”

Severus stared.

At this moment, Draco didn’t know about his… difficulty, with the Potter brat. Of course he knew damn well that he did not like Harry Potter, but he was not… fully educated on Severus’ very personal conflict over the Potter part of that—not necessarily for any of the more obvious reasons concerning the brat’s fame.

And if Severus got his way, Draco would never know just how petty his godfather truly was.

This though.

This was alarming for several reasons.

Not least of which being Draco just coming out and saying what he was here for and confessing outright what he was after. If he didn’t know better he would say the boy was hanging out with Gryffindors too much, and let’s just say for his sanity he was going to assume that was not the case.

Severus gave up ruminating and decided he needed more information first.

“Oh?” he challenged after the lengthy silence, raising an eyebrow to prompt him to elaborate. Draco… did not do that though, he simply pressed his lips into a thin line and shifted his posture a bit uncomfortably where he stood. It didn’t take Severus long to figure it out. “You don’t want to tell me.”

He scoffed a bit brashly. “I’m under no illusions you won’t find out, but honestly no, I don’t.”

That is way too honest for any godson of mine, Severus thought in distaste. He didn’t much like honesty, to be frank.

“Well I’m not exactly inclined to just let a student out of Hogwarts because they forgot something at home.”

“I am not-!” But before Draco could get it out he realized he was just being provoked and quickly reeled it in, visibly forcing himself to remain calm. “If you won’t then I know McGonagall would at least let Harry go. And that’s what’s important—I just want to go too.” He demanded.

Severus would’ve scoffed at the meager ploy. While it was true, Minerva had been on a warpath since the start of the school year and his normal sarcastic comments about the Potter brat were earning him a lot of glares all of a sudden, it wasn’t enough to threaten him. For ten years she’d remained silent on his blatant favoritism, and had been startlingly ruthless as the lioness she was when he dared get close to the implication that she’d fallen into the trap of having a favorite student. Just because he’d felt the need to point it out didn’t mean he held her hypocrisy against her, given how lenient she’d been on him for over a decade.

That it was the Potter brat she’d picked was absolutely loathsome, but he… grudgingly was adult enough to realize that she had never actually favored James Potter. As a teacher now, and looking back on his own school days, Minerva had only ever been fair and impartial, even with the Original Potter MigraineTM despite how much he hated to admit that to himself. Being impartial had been bad enough, but she’d never favored him.

She was favoring this Potter though, and while he was undoubtedly curious he was also going to his grave denying it. He was content enough to tell himself it was because the child was apparently a Transfiguration prodigy and call it a day (the smarter Slytherin side of him knew that was only scratching the surface but was determined not to care enough to look into it either).

It was true though, that this year Minerva had suddenly gotten a lot worse. She was no longer just disappointed in his attitude towards the brat or clicking her tongue when he said something at a staff meeting—now she was calling him out and ripping into his own behavior in front of the entire damn faculty and Dumbledore himself if he opened the floor for a fight. The last soured meeting had ended rather quickly without them getting much business done as Albus hadn’t seemed to be able to control their sharp back and forth—Severus would not let her get the last word in on his pride as a Slytherin, and Minerva’s long-buried temper was not going to take that peacefully either.

He’d learned quickly that if he kept his mouth shut, so would she. Staff meetings had been very quiet lately as a result.

He was also careful to note neither he nor Minerva were reprimanded for bickering like children at a staff meeting and it further cemented his evidence that Dumbledore was simply useless as a headmaster.

Even with all this going on in the background that he was sure Draco had no idea about, the idea his godson would try and use his rivalry with Gryffindor, and their head of house by proxy, to try and convince him of something so radical without any better evidence was pitiful.

Draco wanted him to think of the reputation… if his own godson went to the head of Gryffindor house instead of his own godfather for help, for shame…

If only Severus cared about his reputation like that. If Draco wanted to be a brat and demand things and they try and play to another teacher to get his way, then he hadn’t learned anything so far as Severus was concerned. Draco’s reputation is the one that would take a hit—everyone knew Professor Snape was a strict old bat and that he was always more likely to say no than anything else, but if Draco went to Gryffindor for his help, that most certainly wouldn’t help his reputation among fellow snakes.

“Well we don’t always get what we want. Go ask the cat then.” He called the bluff confidently and watched in amusement as Draco’s jaw flexed, frustrated. “Oh? The cat not suitable enough for you?”

“…McGonagall would let him go, but then Harry’d have to be alone with Mother and he’s not a fan of that. I want to go too.” He admitted.

Severus’ first thought was, smart boy.

Then he abruptly remembered who they were talking about and shook that off quickly. It didn’t mean anything that him and the Potter brat just so happened to be in total agreement that hanging around alone with Narcissa Malfoy was unpleasant as hell. That was just common sense, the boy would be absolutely braindead if he didn’t feel that way.

And at the very least Lily was his mother. He was an idiot fool like his father, but Lily’s son was not braindead.

He shoved those thoughts down for later inspection—and by later he meant never.

“I fail to see how that’s my problem.” He sniffed again, moving like he was going to return to grading the homeworks in front of him and not concern himself with this conversation any longer.

“Do you like being difficult!?”

“Draco.” He scolded halfheartedly, reminding him he was a teacher when he considered talking like that, and the boy gave an annoyed groan but cooled it a bit.

He pressed his lips together and audibly tapped his foot on the ground as he wrestled with something… before seeming to reluctantly give in.

“…he needs to take a blood test.” He finally admitted.

But Severus… just lifted his head to give him a deadpan stare.

“He’s a Potter.” He reminded him bluntly. No stupid blood test needed for that shit.

“Yeah I’m pretty aware of that, but I think we all missed something.” He snapped back, shifting his weight uncomfortably once more. “Please?”

He was pretty much just begging, and Severus gave up on trying to teach him cleverness for today. There was too much to work on with this horrible tactic and decided that was a future problem of his to deal with.

“It’s not that easy. Dumbledore is watching the boy closely and I could get the floo approval, but the Headmaster will know, and he will question. Did you consider that?”

Draco paused and thought that over, Severus just letting him work it out and legitimately going back to grading his papers now in the silence.

Eventually the blond slumped a bit in defeat.

“I suppose the Headmaster will find out eventually, if Harry gets his way about not hiding this like the stupid bloody Gryffindor he is.” He confessed, sounding annoyed to hell about it too, which only further peaked the interest in what the hell this was all about.

“He doesn’t want to keep it a secret, so why are you?”

“Because he at least agreed to keep it quiet until we know more about what the hell is going on! Hence the blood test!”

“And what riveting detail about the pompous Potters does not everyone know already?” He intoned dryly, and Draco even opened his mouth to snap back before shutting it sharply with a click.

“You’re trying to provoke me!”

“I see the Zabini boy has taught you at least that much.”

“Argh!”

He tossed his hands up in aggravation before crossing them over his chest, tapping his foot against the floor again as he tried to think how to approach this. And he thought… and thought…

And Severus barely managed not to roll his eyes as he turned back to his work and let his godson pout in his silence.

A silence which was indeed quite long as a significant amount of minutes stretched by. Occasionally he’d glance up to see Draco as frustrated as ever, with no visible progress.

It was therefore a bit intrusive when the blond gave an annoyed huff loud enough to forcibly pull Severus from his thoughts he’d gotten distracted by, and he looked up one final time to see his godson walk up to his desk—shoulders slumped in something like defeat.

Whatever Severus thought Draco was about to say, to be frank he was not prepared.

“You know, I think Harry was right about you.” He announced, in a rather disappointed tone that send a chill straight up the potion master’s spine.

Severus’ mind went blank.

Wait what? What has that brat been saying about me!?

Not that he cared of course but—wait what!?

Luckily he managed to keep his face straight and at his blank expression Draco continued without needing any more prompting. Which was good because Severus needed an answer about what the bloody hell this approach was, but he was very much not in the right frame of mind to actually say something for a solid couple of seconds.

“I do appreciate that you talk to me like an adult, but I’m not and I’m not going to outwit you into getting what I want because you’ve got a lot more experience being a Slytherin than I do at this moment. I don’t have anything worth trading and aside from leaning on my father I don’t have anything you want aside from being your student.” He tilted his head, grey eyes chillingly familiar in a way Severus was not thrilled to realize he recognized as they met his gaze square on, unwaveringly. “I am not trying to beat you in a game of wits right now, I am asking you to please help me help my friend. As nothing more than my teacher and my godfather.”

What… the hell.

Severus felt… cold.

Not only was he totally taken off guard by this he just… what?

“You lack subtly.” He might not have been the best professor out there, but when it came to Draco he always defaulted into teacher mode. That was safe—this conversation wasn’t though.

“I know that. I’m pretty bloody aware of all my flaws as a Slytherin, all of which have been made abundantly clear by literally everyone at this point, I don’t need to hear it again right now.” Draco rolled his eyes, tone dismissive and impatient. “I didn’t come in here for a lesson, but if you want to teach me things so badly then tell me this: why is it so hard to understand I’m not here as a Slytherin right now!?”

The implication of course being that… Draco could be more than a Slytherin.

That he could turn being Slytherin off, and be here as someone… not that.

Not familiar to Severus, at least. Never let it be said that he had ever understood people, he just had a better handle on the rules of playing the Slytherin game than anything else since being social had never been his forte. Which was a nicer way of saying he’d rather drink his first-years' horrible potions and accept the consequences to his health than make small talk with literally anyone if he could possibly get away with it.

But what could a boy raised by two very Slytherin parents, neck deep in the politics of Slytherin house, taught since he could properly talk by a man who was head of Slytherin house itself be, if not a Slytherin?

There was nothing he hated more than the unknown, and this was uncharted territory. From a very surprising source at that.

Ah… but it shouldn’t be. I’m an idiot.

He had been trying so hard to ignore the Potter menace, with some amount of success at that, that the fact Draco was caught up in the whole horrible situation hadn’t fully sunk in. He’d been so focused around the idea of what was happening in his own world, suffering silently through his own personal slow-motion meltdown, of not trampling too hard on Draco’s optimism, of not feeling a damn thing if he could help it…

Well, he hadn’t put together the actual implications of what he was trying to do by considering Draco’s wants as he went about an befriended a Gryffindor.

And that was the key—Harry Potter was a Gryffindor.

Seems blatantly obvious but he’d been sitting at the Slytherin table so often and had such an unfathomably comfortable position in the snake house these days, it was almost easy to forget he was, inherently, not one of them.

Severus now knew about the Montague incident and why his students were letting the accursed brat into the Slytherin dorm. He’d ignored it because… well for one no, and for two, Narcissa Malfoy and for some fucking reason Dalia Zabini had commanded it to be so and he was a petty man, not stupid. Despite wanting to pour lemon juice in his eyes rather than witness Harry Potter being brought into his own house, he kept his mouth firmly shut about it and had no opinion either way. Because if he had an opinion, he was rightfully paranoid enough to know Dalia Zabini would somehow know and that he would sorely regret that eventually. Skilled Occlumens aside, he’d locked everything related to that up tight and just buried it.

But his planned ignorance of all of this for the sake of his sanity had backfired since Draco was right in the middle of it all, as an active participant.

And all of this was so that Draco could maybe end up happier.

Happier.

As in, not the same.

Different.

Not a selfish Slytherin who found comfort in the darkness of a dungeon rather than people. Someone who’d befriended a redheaded Gryffindor and kept them despite politics and rivalries and diverging personalities and goals and… life really. Draco was not following Severus’ footsteps because the adults in his life who cared about him were doing their best to give him chances to choose differently than what Severus had been forced to do. Forced—more just pressured by life and him not being nearly strong or brave enough to fight back.

But Draco had been born with the entire world handed to him on a silver platter and he was brave enough to do whatever the hell he wanted, because he had never been told he couldn’t. And he’d been trained since birth like a Slytherin but… he’d befriended a Gryffindor. That just didn’t happen, not necessarily just because of house pressures to hate each other, but because the two personality types of the sorts who got placed in each house really were rather different. Even objectively, a calm, collected, and ambitious student didn’t typically make a ton of friends with overly loud, thick-headed goofballs. That being the stereotype though, didn’t make it any less true generally.

Draco, a boy given everything, looked at the world around him and picked a Gryffindor, out of literally anything he could’ve had. It clearly wasn’t the easiest life decision ever, but that only made it even clearer that Draco had wanted this and then was fully aware of how he needed to fight for it, given all the opposition he’d faced thus far. It wasn’t like he was a brand new firstie anymore who didn’t know any better—he now fully understood the gravity of his decision, or at least had a better idea of it, and still, he wasn’t swayed.

Draco was serious about befriending a Gryffindor.

It hadn’t even crossed Severus’ mind to seriously question why.

Yeah, last year the little crush had been obvious, that was a given that Severus himself was more than familiar with but…

Why had he loved Lily? Why had they fallen apart?

Why was Draco so steadfast on standing by the Potter brat? Even if Severus could perhaps assume the answer to that correctly, what he didn’t know then… was why weren’t they falling apart like he and Lily had?

By this conversation… Severus got an uneasy feeling the answer was one in the same with why Draco would end up happier if he got his way. Why this was even possible, why he chose a Gryffindor, why it was actually working so far…

Because Draco, at the core of it, was in fact not a Slytherin like Severus knew them to be.

He was still a snake of course but… Draco could be more than a Slytherin, to the point where he could catch the attention of a Gryffindor and hold onto it. Where he could branch farther than just the snake house, and start connecting to people in ways that was in no way like a traditional Slytherin ever would.

Because that’s what this was: this was a piss poor approach to an argument going by snake standards. Announcing what you wanted? Appealing to his more compassionate side? To their familial-like link?

Pathetic.

For a snake, that is.

Severus was sure that it worked perfectly against Gryffindors and Hufflepuffs though.

And Narcissa’s eyes were much bluer, but the last time someone had pinned his gaze like that and compelled to his compassion with the same echo of why can you not understand… he’d ended up being a godfather even knowing full well it was just a trap.

Now, he was fully, completely sunk into said trap, and he suddenly felt a wave of helplessness about that.

Whether Draco knew what he was doing now or not… Severus was sure he did not want to know which it was right now. What mattered now was that he had two choices: give in to this tactic and let it win, or hold firm and continue to say no until he had a better snake-like argument.

With this revelation under his belt though, what he suspected now was that Draco’s bluff of going to Minerva wasn’t a bluff at all, and if he pushed the boy too far he was just impulsive and petty enough to go through with it. That would be… annoying. He then had to gauge just how far was too far to push him then.

Or… he could give in, and turn the tactic right around onto Draco. Compel to the trust he placed in his godfather, to obtain an answer. Depending on the answer given for why he needed to leave Hogwarts, he could maybe make it work somehow. Lucius was going to get involved of course, he could even use the favor gifted to the son to cash in something from the father while earning more credibility in Draco’s eyes. A win-win, for all but Lucious which is exactly what the prick deserved in Severus’ opinion.

He knew he was silent for a bit too long as he thought that over, and concluded his thoughts by nodding calmly once.

“You do make a fair point. I will help you as your teacher.” Draco sighed in relief, and Severus jumped at the chance. “But just as seriously, I don’t understand why the secrecy. No one will know of it if I don’t want them to, and you’ve made it clear you don’t want them to.” He referenced his being an accomplished Occlumens, and true to form the boy looked a tad guilty at the mention of his lack of trust. He was too easy to read, and now that he was letting his emotions get involved in his actions, too easy to manipulate too.

More lessons, for another day.

Draco turned his head to the side, looking conflicted before seeming to come to a reluctant decision, grey eyes flickering at him with something like trepidation. And… pity?

“Okay, that’s true. I… didn’t want to tell you because it’s kind of crazy. Like, really crazy.” He paused, worrying at his lip for a moment before sighing audibly. “And I know you and my father have a past with the dark lord so it’ll probably be just the worst for you out of everyone.”

He winced as he said it, but it paled to the tension that clamped down on Severus shoulders like the hands of death reminding him that it’d never truly left his shadow.

Was… Draco trying to protect him?

Spare him, from the unpleasant information he thought he had?

This… child had… thought of what he’d feel about this topic before anything else.

That was what this was about?

That he thought his godfather would not like to hear this confession of his, and instead of using that to get what he wanted, he’d tried hard to avoid bringing it up instead. Still not a good tactic as he’d confessed himself that everyone would know soon enough but…

Severus put his quill down.

He was not going to be coddled by a twelve-year-old.

“You do realize that means I need to know now.”

Draco nodded, face becoming a better blank mask.

“Harry’s a parselmouth.”

Severus… contemplated his life choices.

“A blood test.”

“Yeah. Or maybe it’s something else but… we need to know more. Like right now.” He got some of his urgency back as he said this, and now…

The potions master agreed.

Full heartedly.

Slytherins hated the unknown. Severus… was starting to realize that dreaded unknown that lay beyond his small world was a lot bigger, and a lot more terrifying than he’d ever imagined.

000

Harry spent a lot of the next several days doing magic.

Fun magic, not homework or research for once.

After the event that was his first visit to the Slytherin dorm, he’d spent the rest of the days lost in his thoughts and… honestly, not that far along in organizing them. He still wasn’t sure where he stood with everything but doing something felt better then sitting around the lake and trying to muddle through his hazy thoughts for hours without getting much done with them.

In situations like this he found ignorance was bliss. Draco had promised him he’d figure out how to get him to Gringotts, but until his friend figured that out he was free from the obligation of confronting the topic mentally until Mr. Malfoy announced a date for them to speak to Axeclaw.

Until he heard anything, putting it aside and pursuing a distraction enough to take his mind off it all was all he could do to stop his stomach from being perpetually queasy until he could face this new development head on.

With Draco, preferably, because he wasn’t sure he’d be able to without the guy. It felt like his nerve for such things was standing on shaky, baby-giraffe legs and he was seconds away from chickening out if he didn’t have someone to pretend to be brave for.

He’d finally made the official request to Pomfrey to be released from his blocks and restrictions, and only had half success. She’d relented that he should be allowed to perform and practice the magic he wanted again, but she’d refused to take the block on his core off for another couple weeks. She’d promised to reassess it if he came back next week until she deemed it ready, but in her opinion he was still three weeks out or so.

He was fine with that though, especially when he’d found a spare classroom to play around in and found that most of what he wanted to do wasn’t that hard even with the block in place. It wasn’t like he was doing anything but the bare minimum charms they’d been doing so far this year in class, it was more him just finally getting a chance to try and attempt the spells in his joke book. Most of which were 3-5th year spells, and most he found easy enough to do despite his core being blocked.

It only took a couple days to get through every spell in the book, but he then went through them once again with his newfound attitude in learning spells.

Can I do it while running? Can I do it without looking? Can I do it with my wand hidden up my sleeve? How is my aim while moving? What if my target is behind me? What kind of timing does it need to cast, and to reach the target if they’re hiding behind that desk?

He was very much neglecting his friends, not to mention his homework. He ate meals with everyone and went to class as usual, but most of the time he’d usually spend hanging out in the common room, studying with others, talking to people, bothering the first years, even running around with the football club, this particular week he spent alone in a classroom with nothing but him and his wand and his mental games as he cast spells at no one and challenged himself in his made-up scenarios to his heart’s content.

There was something logical about placing very surmountable challenges in front of him, and being able to conquer them in an hour or so. The feeling of having done something, even many small things, before going to bed at night made him feel like he was making more progress then he actually was.

He was still ignoring a lot of big things in his life, but hey. He’d mastered over a dozen spells in a week, and he was at Hogwarts to learn magic so… he was doing something good even if it was really just a meagerly veiled guise to what amounted to procrastination. Learning magic wasn’t in any way wrong but… it really wasn’t what he should’ve been doing with his time.

He was so caught up in not doing what he was supposed to, he also kind of forgot to check back in with the Slytherins—mainly Draco—for news about when the other shoe would drop. Which, may or may not have been on purpose, but it wasn’t like he was avoiding the Slytherins in particular—he’d been avoiding everyone actually.

He was reminded of his deadline by an arm draping around him as he walked with his dormmates to lunch Thursday, and there was only one person aside from the twins who were A) tall enough to come from above, and B) friendly enough to do this without fear they’d get bitten.

“Please don’t touch me,” He grumbled.

“Oh he said please. How cute.” Blaise chirped, using the arm around the redhead’s neck like an extremely gentle choke hold to steer him away from his intended path towards the Gryffindor table. It would’ve been very brotherly and affectionate if the source didn’t also make it kind of a threat too. “I’m kidnapping you.”

“Twice in a week. Alright then Harry?” Dean joked, and Blaise flashed the muggleborn a positively devilish grin.

“He’s fine.”

“I’d rather hear Harry say it.”

Annoyed, said redhead rolled his eyes pointedly because while Dean’s words were kind, his tone very much implied he was too amused to be serious about it. “It’s fine for now. Any more of this and I’m siccing Fluffy on him though.”

“Ha! I now know all about Fluffy now and I’m a great singer I’ll have you know. Sing him a lullaby and your threat is gone, you’ll have to come up with a new one.”

“Who told you about Fluffy!?”

“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Blaise sneered joyously, using his hold to drag him away once more. “Off we go! I’m hungry in any case.”

“Call for help if you need it!” Seamus half shouted after them, also semi-joking apparently given Dean’s laugh.

Harry was kind of annoyed his roommates had gotten so used to the Slytherins they no longer cared about him getting kidnapped. Even Neville who hadn’t said anything, he just continued walking to the lunch table in a very Nott-like avoidance tactic but didn’t seem upset about the sudden change of seating arrangements anymore.

On one hand it was a great thing they seemed very chill with each other; talk about a 180 from how last year had started. Blaise in particular as he was hard not to like, unfortunately.

On the other hand, Blaise getting his way more often spelled doom for them all, Harry was sure of it.

“Saturday, 6am, second floor gargoyle.” Draco informed him without even so much as a ‘hello’ before Harry had even properly sat down next to him. The blond said it quite matter-of-factly, but Harry’s stomach sunk as now he had an actual deadline to dread. Luckily it wasn’t weeks away, but it would still put a major damper on the rest of his week.

“Right.” He sighed, trying not to let his disappointment show too much. Draco had done him a favor, after all.

“What’s Saturday?” A new voice chimed in and Harry perked up as Daphne slid into the bench across from him—right next to Blaise who instantly looked ready to dump his tea on her.

“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Blaise pushed himself into the conversation just to annoy her, and it seemed to work as she shot him a venomous glare.

“Yeah, I would. So spill?”

“Nope.”

“Are you even involved?” She demanded and seemed taken aback when Blaise suddenly flailed his arms and whipped back around to Harry with a glare.

“Yeah, I am, and you haven’t been here all week to complain about it to! A week you jerk! This might be a new record for how long I’ve kept a secret!”

Harry was more amused than anything as Draco pinched the bridge of his nose. Apparently this was not new and suddenly Harry had a better excuse as to why he’d been avoiding the Slytherin table than just his coping mechanisms. Even the most skeptical of snakes would have to concede him wanting to avoid Blaise’s complaining was probably justified.

“You got what you wanted though. You wanted to trade with Harry and now you are.” Theo pointed out without looking up from his book under the table.

“Ugh,” Blaise sneered, turning to the red head in front of him with a derisive look. “You really bloody annoy me.”

“Welcome to my world,” Harry scoffed at the utter hypocrisy of that. “What, don’t like our deal?”

“Wait, you’re dealing with him?” Daphne perked up, both shocked and annoyed at once.

“Trust me I am not enjoying it.” The Zabini immediately dismissed it in irritation. “I’ll have you know I have never been blackmailed like this before and I may have to reconsider doing it to everyone else now. It’s so not fun.”

“No you won’t you filthy lair.”

Blaise blew him a mocking kiss for that, but Harry’s attention was immediately derailed by Daphne slamming her palms against the table, making even the fourth years adjacent to them jump a bit in fright.

“You got blackmail on this bitch?” Her blue eyes widened and before he could open his mouth to say one way or another, she cut over him. “Please, I need it. What is it? I can trade you so much! Whatever you want!”

“Oi!”

“Nope, sorry this one’s locked in for now.” He gave her a wry smile, to which she immediately cursed under her breath.

“Damn straight.” Blaise tilted his chin up pompously, narrowing his eyes back at the resident Gryffindor among them. “We should have never let you into the dorm.” He announced for the benefit of no one.

“Not my fault your reasons weren’t worth it; you didn’t even tell me what they were, remember?”

“Ugh.”

“Blaise it’ll be like two days. You’ll live.” Draco dismissed him, sounding fed up with life right then.

“Uuuuuuggggghhh,”

“Although we might not survive his complaining.” Theo muttered into his book.

“Put down the book and eat.”

“Fuck off, Malfoy.”

Harry was a tad surprised at the blunt take from the bookworm but was more amused by the pretty colors Draco turned to be talked to like that. He would’ve loved to see what outburst was coming before something about the impending appointment with Gringotts hit home with him.

“Wait, Saturday?” He demanded and Draco was derailed slightly enough to answer him instead of letting lose on Nott.

“Yeah?”

“As in Saturday. Quidditch try outs?” Harry reminded him pointedly, bewildered when Draco gave a dramatic, put-upon sigh.

“As much as it pains me to admit, if I miss try outs there’s always next year.”

“Well shit,” Daphne blinked, voicing pretty much Harry’s mindset too because… eh!? “Must be… important?” She wondered allowed, noting that neither Zabini nor Nott were shocked about this announcement and after spending a year and change living with the Malfoy heir, they of everyone knew how obsessive he was about quidditch, much less his chance to get on the team.

Harry too, was… conflicted. Yes, this was important but… at the cost of something Draco wanted? He knew he was a bad friend and their friendship had been very one-sided thus far, so to blatantly take this away from his baby cactus seemed… too cruel, even for him. And he had never said he wasn’t self-centered.

He wasn’t sure he could do this without Draco though.

Logically though…

He steeled himself, hoping his voice sounded a lot more confident then he felt.

“You don’t have to-”

“Yes I bloody do, shut up.” Draco didn’t even let him get the offer out before grey eyes were pinning him under a mild glare. “The only one who doesn’t acknowledge how serious this is, is you. Of course I’m coming.”

As guilty as he felt, Harry was relieved. He was sure it was pretty obvious to the whole table too, when he didn’t actually try to argue for once either, which seemed to only strengthen Draco’s resolve.

To ease his guilt though, he could make this worth Draco’s while. Fact was, he was a parselmouth and those snakes had spilled a lot of dirt to him, particularly about the quidditch team. He wasn’t sure how valuable most of the information was as a lot of it meant nothing to him, but if he could give it Draco freely in exchange for his help on this, maybe he could use it to get on the team anyway.

Blackmail was Slytherin 101 after all, he was sure Draco could do something useful with what he gave him.

“I hate it when you wear that expression.” Daphne placed her chin in her hand to mock him and Harry ignored her as he grabbed some food finally since their lunch hour was not endless after all.

“It’s less about me blackmailing Blaise and more me wanting to get my way.” He defended himself.

“Isn’t it always.” She sighed, distractedly picking a tomato from her sandwich and promptly dropping it into Blaise’s lap when he took a drink of his pumpkin juice.

Theo wisely chose to end his lunch there and simply stood up, walking away without another word.

Harry kind of wanted to follow him.

000

It was much later that Harry lay on Neville’s bed while the owner of said bed sat at his desk, writing a letter to his Gran. With what was coming in the morning, Harry’s procrastination tactic had run out of steam and he didn’t much feel like playing with any more Transfiguration joke spells, but instead was now just wallowing in the feeling of worms squirming uncomfortably in his stomach.

“I’m telling Gran you said hi.” Neville mentioned casually, since clearly Harry was out of sorts but the blond was far too genteel to outright ask him what was wrong.

“Hi Neville’s Gran.” He repeated blankly, automatically even. “I want to meet her someday.”

“So you said. Still not sure how that’d go.”

“So you said.” Harry thought it’d probably be fine… if he could only get back to the self he’d been last year. Now, he’d probably be more like Neville and too uneasy to actually give the fearsome woman the spark she clearly needed to be handled with. He let out a soft sigh at it all.

“Long week?”

He tossed his arm over his eyes, grumbling a bit. “More like it’ll be a long weekend.” He didn’t look over to see Neville’s quizzical look, but he assumed it was there. “I’m… doing something tomorrow. That I don’t really want to talk about until it’s over, but I really don’t want to go. But I kind of need to go it’ll just be… unpleasant probably.”

Neville didn’t respond to that… and after a couple long seconds Harry heard the sound of a quill scratching against parchment again. He stewed in silence for a little while.

“Can I ask what you think of everything?”

“Everything?” His question was repeated cautiously.

“Yeah. Everything. I know I’m not… well I want to hear your thoughts and feelings on it, because to be honest I have no idea what to think or feel right now and I’m kind of hoping I can copy yours.”

He lifted his arm to look at his dormmate, and blue eyes were muddled a bit as he glanced over.

“Can you do that? Copy others’ feelings?”

“Why not?”

Neville fiddled with the feather edge of his quill. “I dunno. Just… didn’t consider that I guess.” He shrugged a bit but in the long silence that followed, he collected his thoughts and Harry let him do it.

“Well… everything is going… well? Classes are definitely harder and I’m already behind on homework but I think that’s true of most of Gryffindor aside from Hermione. I like Hogwarts, everything is very happy and playful what with the twins and everyone able to goof off. I think… you, trying to get everyone to talk to each other between houses last year has been actually working you know. What with the football club and people making friends between houses… I mean there’s only been like two big fights between Slytherin and Gryffindor that I know of this year and I’m pretty sure it was a daily thing this time last October.”

Harry smiled peacefully, happy to know it wasn’t just him who’d noticed that— that it wasn’t just in his head. Despite everything, he’d done something good and that was a good feeling in return.

He suddenly realized he was being stared at and looked over, only for Neville to glance quickly back down at his letter.

“Neville?”

“… you don’t really smile as much as you did last year though. I think things are going much better for everyone that’s not you.”

Harry felt his breath catch.

“…oh.”

“I’m sorry, I just-”

“No you’re… right.” He let out a steadying, shaky breath but it didn’t do much unfortunately. “I uh… I didn’t have a great summer.”

“So you said.” Neville frowned, pointedly not looking anywhere but his letter, and for some reason Harry was thankful for that. “And I’m totally okay with not getting an explanation if there isn’t one to give; that’s just how it is sometimes I think. But you asked my thoughts and I am kinda… well I can’t not notice. I know you were… attacked at the end of last term, and you do seem better than back then, so I figured you just needed more time. Just thought you might want to know I did notice, it’s not like I’m ignoring it.” He blurted it out rather quickly, and Harry tried to absorb what he was saying.

Gryffindors had short memories. He knew he’d left Hogwarts at the end of last term an absolute mess—everyone giving him, Draco, and Neville space on the train had proved everyone knew he had not been okay.

But no one had asked him about it or even brought it up this year, which… Harry liked, as he wasn’t ready to talk about it, but aside from the likes of Neville and Seamus who were the most sensitive or considerate to others around them, he was starting to think people genuinely either forgot or didn’t see it as something to bring up. Most people he probably wasn’t close enough to for them to feel comfortable asking, and he got the feeling Slytherin house was ignoring it for their own reasons.

Obvious reasons if you thought about it for a couple minutes.

Gryffindor though… it was like they really forgot.

It wasn’t happy and upbeat and full of mischief and good times so… not important for right now, right? It was last term, ages ago, in the past—not relevant.

In some ways that was good. Out of sight, out of mind: no one bringing it up, no unhealed wounds getting picked at for no reason. He could shove it down and forget for a couple hours a day that it’d never happened. And yeah, maybe a lot of it was the summer but… shit, he’d almost forgotten about Quirrell.

How could I forget about that? Yeah the shed was hell on earth, but so was that whole experience.

It wasn’t like he truly forgot, it was more that… his more relevant problems related more to the shed. If he didn’t act, he was going to end up back in the shed and with that threat lighting a fire under him, he had to keep moving and address it otherwise…

Quirrell though. What was… what was the threat about that? Quirrell was dead (he’d killed him himself) and Voldemort was a ghost who very much wanted him dead but that was just kind of a ubiquitous fact of life at this point. Voldemort wasn’t going to come after him before next summer when he’d be faced with Private Drive, so it was a secondary concern for the time being. The most imminent threat deserved more of his brain power and therefore he spent more time trying to confront that trauma mentally than what had happened between him and Quirrell.

More time picking at old wounds so they wouldn’t heal, so to speak.

Neville… didn’t know about the shed though. He’d only known about Quirrell, and not even what had happened in front of that bloody mirror. Of course he’d assume all of Harry’s… current out-of-character actions were related to that trauma. He hadn’t even considered so far that Harry could’ve had another major thing happen in the short months they’d been apart that could possibly trump being attacked by a teacher.

Thinking about the shed… well he thought about it too much as a lot of his motivation these days was to avoid it.

Quirrell though.

Voldemort though.

Voldemort who could speak to snakes.

He who could speak to snakes.

Voldemort who was just a ghost.

A ghost who could and would use the cruciatus curse to major success.

The pain had been so unbelievable that he couldn’t lie here and even replicate the feeling in his mind. Not that’d he’d want to, but he couldn’t outright feel fear of something he couldn’t even wrap his mind around or was so vastly, unimaginably tortuous that his mind whited out rather than give him a replay in his mind’s eye.

“Harry?”

He broke out of his thoughts to see Neville fully turned to face him now with concern, letter abandoned and he wondered what kind of expression he’d been wearing to earn that kind of reaction.

“…maybe I do need time.” He admitted, and the blond relaxed some as he nodded.

“That’s okay, you know. I had expected as much.”

Harry worried a bit at his bottom lip. The truth of it… kind of hurt.

“Maybe I… maybe I get time. Maybe it changes nothing and things don’t go back to how they were. Ever.”

Neville frowned, seeming to deeply consider that. Even glancing down like he really was working that out.

“… I think that’s okay too. No one has to stay the same forever, I don’t think it’s fair to expect that out of anyone.”

Harry let out a shaky breath again and managed to flash him a bit watery of a smile before quickly turning over on the bed to hide a bit.

After a couple minutes the sound of a quill against parchment started up again and Harry tried to time his heartbeat to it to calm down.

000

He’d learned his lesson and had taken multiple calming draughts before leaving the dorm early Saturday morning, and downed one more for good measure before turning into the second-floor corridor, making his way to the gargoyle in question. There were hundreds if not thousands around Hogwarts but going by Draco’s instructions, “the” gargoyle was probably the largest and most impressive one in this hallway. He’d gotten dressed and put himself together with almost clinical coldness this morning, and with the calming draughts he was as prepared as he was going to get.

Today was no place for emotions. He had to get this done, he had to obtain an insane amount of information in only a couple hours, and he could not back down or chicken out like last time when he’d read his parents will. He was going to be surrounded by Slytherins who would think nothing of a blank face and calculated questions.

Well, Draco would, but more importantly he’d understand why Harry was acting this way. Maybe he’d even cover for him.

He was only half surprised to see Snape standing with Draco, and he didn’t even bother trying to hear what they were talking about, nor see the sneer he got from the potions master as he got within range. He didn’t have time for it today.

“Lemon drop.” Snape told the Gargoyle who jumped aside, and he followed Draco’s lead up the moving staircase.

The office they entered was… actually insanely impressive. Round and refined in its decoration, coated in books, crazy looking magical contraptions, and paintings that all seemed to be asleep.

“This is the headmaster’s office. Touch nothing and speak softly—don’t wake the paintings. You must be back in three hours so the Headmaster will not know you were gone.” Snape commanded in a near-silent hiss, almost to the point Harry wondered if he was hearing parseltongue instead, but as he was saying it mostly to Draco and the blond nodded dutifully, he figured not.

They were ushered quickly to the fireplace, where Harry immediately realized what was happening. He’d only used the floo network once before to get to Hogwarts but he didn’t actually know where they were going. He did know that pronunciation was absolutely critical though, and the thought of accidentally somehow getting separated from Draco at this moment set a cold chill over his shoulders despite the calming draughts. One panicked glance at Draco was all the blond needed though, to grab him by the arm and hold on tightly as he took a pinch from the jar Snape offered him and tossed it in.

“Malfoy Manor!” he hissed, and dragged them both into the fire without another word.

Harry did not like the floo network much. It was a whirlwind and not in a fun way riding a broom was, but simply just dizzying and he got a huge amount of soot up his nose. Thankfully his contacts being fire-resistant also seemed to include ash and dust-resistance so he could see almost unnaturally clearly, but that only meant he could see the spinning, dizzying colors in such a sharp contrast it made him sick. He squeeze his eyes shut and clung to Draco for dear life as they spun—and then suddenly it was over and it was only Draco’s hands on his arms holding him upright that prevented him from taking a spinning fall onto the glassy marble surface below them.

He coughed from the soot and Draco stood up sharply, Harry copying him immediately as he realized where they had to be.

Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy had on travel cloaks and stood at attention while the two boys appeared in front of them, clearly prepared. He hadn’t asked but Harry had assumed they’d be coming too… Draco was inherently not quite as independent as he was, being an orphan with horrible guardians after all, so it wouldn’t be weird if a twelve-year-old’s parents didn’t let him go into town to meet with bank officials alone. Even if it wasn’t Draco’s business exactly, he was just accompanying a friend for it, it wasn’t… unusual. Logically Harry knew that and had expected it even if it still felt very weird for him to have adults he didn’t know that well following him for what he thought was probably going to be a personal conversation with Axeclaw. It wasn’t a shock though, even if it was blatantly uncomfortable. He could deal with it, probably.

What he had a harder time with though… was that by Draco’s explanation of the plan he’d kind of thought Mr. Malfoy was the one arranging it and had had half a shred of hope Mrs. Malfoy would take after her son and prefer to sleep in rather than accompany them to the bank at the early hour. No need for both of them to come, right?

It was really a rather stupid hope to have though, in hindsight.

“Good morning dear. Harry.” Mrs. Malfoy nodded politely in greeting to them, and Harry felt obligated to nod back with a low ‘good morning’ of his own. Draco seemed to relax a fraction though and greeted them a bit more warmly.

Right… they were his parents who he trusted and loved.

He was comfortable.

Harry was the one who felt like his clothes were made of something slimy and gross for how stiffly he knew he was standing.

“How much time do we have?” Mr. Malfoy got down to business without hesitation.

“Three hours.”

“Let’s not dawdle then.”

“I did it last time since we didn’t really have time for you to mess it up, but you could do it yourself if you’d like. It’s just Gringotts, but pronunciation is everything, or you could end up in the wrong place.” Draco turned to him and lifted a fancy looking jar off the mantle to offer him, but Harry just shook his head tightly and leaned closer.

“I think I’ll leave it to you for now.” Now was not the time to get lost and while he didn’t know if going by floo was physically worse or better as a side-along rider, mentally it was definitely preferrable.

Harry was thankful that Draco didn’t even hesitate or pause to give his admission of weakness any more attention or importance than necessary as he took a pinch and tossed it into the fire. Harry just hung onto his arm closely as they spun once more into the fire.

And suddenly they were in Gringotts, Harry coughing a bit as Draco dusted both of them off, flourishes of flame behind them announcing the arrival of the Malfoy elders too.

“Mr. Potter.” A familiar voice interrupted his coughing and he perked up, relief at seeing someone he felt was an ally instantly making the fact Mrs. Malfoy was walking up behind them slightly better.

“Axeclaw!”

The goblin nodded curtly to him with what was probably a scowl, or the goblin-greeting-scowl equivalent, clearly having been expecting his arrival since he too was positioned as if waiting in front of the fireplace in the lobby. “Mr. Malfoy requested a blood test to be arranged on your behalf, but I would need your confirmation this is true. Under oath, to ensure no… tampering.” He got down to business.

Harry, now that he was well aware of the concerns of things like confounding charms and the thrice damned Imperius curse, had seen that coming.

“Sure.”

“Follow me then.” He turned on his small heel and walked away, not questioning the presence of the Malfoy family who followed suit. Harry was sure if he asked to go alone then Axeclaw would side with him but… he didn’t. While he wanted nothing more than to have this conversation alone, he equally didn’t want Draco to leave his side and there was no non-awkward or offensive way to tell his parents to get lost while keeping his friend close. Given Draco’s general attitude towards goblins in the first place, there was a solid chance one or both of the Malfoy elders might not even let him leave their sight to be alone with a goblin in the first place, Harry being there or not.

He resigned himself to this extremely awkward meeting. By the letter hidden in his robe pocket, he’d already kind of prepared what he was going to do in any case, might as well grit his teeth and just do it.

Axeclaw lead them down several of Gringotts’s truly impressive hallways, past the office they usually met in and to another room that looked very similar, but lacked most of the traditional office furniture and all the bookshelves the goblin had in his actual office. There was only one chair and a large circular table with a huge sheet of paper laid out on it, golden runes etched into the dark wood edges. Axeclaw simply snapped his gnarled fingers and three more chairs appeared— Harry knew about goblin magic but had never seen it, and as cool as that was he was too preoccupied to even care right then.

“Depending on how far back you would like to search your family tree, this process should take a relatively short amount of time. The more detail and branches you’d like to research the longer, of course. There is a fee of 317 galleons.”

That’s actually pretty damn expensive, Harry realized, but it made sense. If everyone could just do this then he was sure there’d be a lot of blood-purity conflict cleared up immediately. There was probably status in having the galleons to drop on knowing your bloodline in the first place, hence why people like the Malfoys took such pleasure in flaunting it.

In any case, money was not on his list of concerns right then, not about this. In fact it didn’t even rank.

“That’s fine.” He agreed easily. “I can’t tell exactly how long it’ll take to find what we’re looking for.”

Axeclaw didn’t even ask, which he appreciated. “Very well. You must agree to the blood test the same way you agreed to inherit the Monroe name.”

He saw Mr. Malfoy turn to look at him, and could almost feel the raised eyebrow he was getting, but ignored it. The question triggered several different concerns about this process he hadn’t realized he should be worried about that were frankly higher in priority then what Draco’s parents thought about him or his family names.

“Is it the same ritual? Or similar.”

“No.”

“Is it going to hurt the same amount?”

“No, I am told this is less painful to humans.” The implied weakness of mankind was clear, but Harry was willing to take that hit. It was probably true in any case, he wasn’t too proud to admit goblins were likely way tougher if these rituals of theirs were common and easy for them—inheriting the Monroe name had in no way been pleasant or easy for him and he wasn’t going to lie and say otherwise. There was just no point to it.

“Is it going to cripple me for any amount of time? Considering I am human, twelve, and have a magical block on for medical reasons right now.” He reminded his account manager who he had a suspicion did not care if he was five or ninety-five. Which he often liked, but even Harry was well aware of his limits and how potential human limits was not even a thought in the average goblin’s mind, much less a consideration when doing business.

True to his suspicions, Axeclaw placed one slightly unnaturally long finger on chin as if that had not occurred to him before. “The procedure only requires a sample of your magic that is quite small, so a block should have no impact. I could not say how your age would be an influence although infants have had this ritual done in the past in cases of urgent identification, with no ill effects so far as I’m aware. I also could not say what threshold would cripple you, but I suppose there is a potion that would cure you of the effects of the ritual. It can be provided for a fee. Two galleons I believe, but I will verify.”

If there was a potion to cure me of the effects of the inheritance ritual and they just didn’t tell me about it, I’m going to be pissed.

He kept those dark thoughts to himself though—it wasn’t like he could change it now. He gave up with a sigh.

“I would like that, please. And in that case: I would like to request a blood test.”

“Very well. You agree to the ritual?”

“Yes.”

“Then please take a seat, I will collect the materials prepared for it.” He left shortly and Harry reluctantly slid into one of the chairs, with Draco and his parents wordlessly following suit.

“What’s with the questions?” Draco immediately asked as soon as the door closed behind Axeclaw, glancing around the room curiously and noticeably less tense then Harry himself was.

He patted his friend on the arm tensely. “Draco seriously, never agree to a goblin ritual without questions.”

“Uh… right.”

“Listen to him, Draco.” Narcissa chimed in sagely from slightly off to their side and by Draco’s dismayed expression he seemed to realize how serious the threat was. He turned back around with a critical look in his eye.

“Harry what exactly did that inheritance ritual entail?”

“I’m not telling you that, you’ll get mad at me.”

“It was before I ever met you!” Which was not technically true but Harry didn’t bother correcting him.

“That wouldn’t stop you.” He huffed.

“I knew you had taken on the avenged line, Mr. Potter, but wasn’t aware it was official.” Lucius now spoke up, and Harry was abruptly aware that this was like… small talk with his best friend’s parents. He’d already talked plenty with Mrs. Malfoy and had seriously regretted it, so it set him right on edge. Of all the things he’d been planning for today, small talk had not been in his contingencies.

The worse part about small talk though was that you couldn’t exactly avoid it, and given Draco was just looking inherently curious right now, he felt even more trapped and obligated to engage. Ugh.

“I… did agree when Axeclaw asked me about it without asking any questions first. Lesson learned.” He admitted, looking mostly at Draco for his answer, who seemed genuinely interested. “I don’t regret it though.”

“Do you know anything about the Monroe family?” Draco turned with that earnest curiosity to his father—and Harry immediately panicked that it was too much information to spill but…

But it was clear Draco’s default was to ask his parents when he didn’t understand or wanted to know, and they were right there so why wouldn’t he? He had no expectation that they wouldn’t know or wouldn’t answer him. He trusted them.

Draco was… very comfortable, sitting there between his best friend and his parents who he loved, so of course he had no reason to hold back or hesitate. If he could read the room he might have picked up on Harry’s tension better, but… ah, that was not meant to be when the spoiled boy was sitting there easily between the people who’d done the spoiling.

He took a deep breath and tried to think logically about it—he couldn’t fault Draco of course although he’d be bringing this up later, but logically… this was actually a good way of getting info. If Mr. Malfoy knew something and was just answering his son, he wouldn’t actually know what Harry was gleaning from the information, which would keep his privacy some. And Harry had to assume, given they were full grown Slytherins, that they didn’t fully realize Draco was asking out of his own curiosity and not because Harry wanted him to—he was sure his expression made it abundantly clear that he would prefer Draco stop talking.

Whether Mr. Malfoy noted that or not, he gave nothing away as he answered.

“They were Ancient and Noble, of course. I never met any of them before they died out but it’s said they had a good commerce base and plenty of researchers in their line. They were quite small most of their history, tended to marry pureblood when they did marry but had a bit of a reputation for being single or childless on the most part which probably didn’t help their chances of survival.” Harry actually appreciated how clinically he was talking, as if only imparting information to Draco as if this wasn’t pertinent to Harry’s history (adopted as it may be). He actually preferred it this way though. “I wouldn’t call them light or dark; they were probably better described at dark grey but in reality they cared very little for any sort of politics or even other families. Even their own family actually, as they were mostly individuals rather than a clan. They traveled a great deal, so while Britain was their base of operations they had very little actual investment here so never made much impact one way or another. What investments they did make were not very profitable, I don’t think it brought them much success in general.”

He sniffed a bit in distain, and Harry liked that he was expectedly more oriented around their alignment and their wealth then anything else. It was no surprise coming from the Malfoy patriarch and actually he hadn’t know any of that before, so that was… good. Not personal by any means, but solid information on the Monroe history.

“And you like them then?” Draco asked him just as genuinely curious.

Hesitant as he was to speak, speaking up in defense of his adopted ancestors was suddenly not hard at all.

“Absolutely. I have no connection to the Potter name as I can’t get into their vault until I’m of age to learn a damn thing about them, but I have been to the Monroe vault. I mean it’s nice to hear people who knew them talk about my parents, but it doesn’t really mean anything to me as it’s all just their takes on who they were when they were kids—not like they actually lived long enough to be my actual parents. It’s not like what the Monroe name means to me now that I could physically hold parts of their history, read their journals and such. Feels like I know them more if that makes sense.”

“I guess?” But Draco, who from the day he was born had an ingrained sense of inherent pride in his family name and blood status and could still not imagine a world without his parents, very clearly did not understand.

And that was okay—Harry surprised himself by being legitimately happy Draco couldn’t understand something like this instead of pettily jealous or something more expected of himself. He patted his friend’s arm a bit tensely again.

“You’ve been to their vault though, that’s good.”

“Yeah. It’s way more valuable in the kind of history that’s in there then anything else though.”

“As is the case of most Ancient and Noble houses.” Mrs. Malfoy chimed in smoothly, catching her son’s attention.

“How so?”

Whether she was actually going to answer that or not, Harry didn’t know as the door opened again and Axeclaw returned pushing a small goblin-sized cart with several items laid out on it. With a sinking in his chest he did note the large silver dagger on a delicate silk cloth—he was starting to realize everything goblin-magic related required blood which was… well.

He was starting to really not like bleeding. Actually, he was more unnerved by how used to bleeding he was becoming.

“The process is simple: I will need a dose of your blood and the runes of this table will automatically sample your magic as well. The blood will act as ink and fill out this enchanted parchment with your family tree; we will keep it here in your vault for safe keeping and will be provided a copy free of charge. Any additional copies requires a fee, to be determined based on the size of the tree you wish to create today.” The goblin explained as he went about his work, placing a fine silver bowl the size of a teacup with fluted edges on the edge of the table to the size of the parchment, taking a piece of what seemed to be charcoal and marking a haphazard ‘x’ in front of where Harry was sitting, and waving his hands in a complicated pattern that immediately made the paper flutter a bit as if a breeze had rushed by in the otherwise still room.

He then lifted the knife and either Draco hadn’t noticed it before or just hadn’t realized what it was for as he tensed up. Harry just patted him on the arm with a silent sigh as he stood and went over to the bowl that Axeclaw was referencing.

“It will need to be enough blood to fill this vessel and the mark will scar. It does not matter where I take it from.” He declared and Harry scowled for a second considering yet another scar.

At this point I need to just get over it.

His not-so-invisible cloak often fell over his hands these days, and he wasn’t sure if that was something his subconscious was doing since the magical fabric seemed to just know what he wanted it to do most of the time. Either way it meant his now very-scarred hands were not always on display… and at this point it didn’t matter if there was another one in amongst all the much larger and more gruesome gashes he’d already collected there. His hands were just screwed at this point, he supposed.

Wordlessly he pushed up his sleeve and held out his non-dominant hand, palm up.

Axeclaw stared.

“… that is very poorly done house elf magic healing, is it not?”

Harry tensed up, not having expected the goblin to just know on sight what had happened to his hands, but he supposed that was pretty stupid.

He could almost feel the elder Malfoys’ eyes drilling into his back, and the hairs on his neck stood straight up.

“It’s fine.” He got out bluntly, if not breathlessly, less for Axeclaw’s sake and more for Dobby’s honestly. “I don’t care about it at all, and kind of just want to get this done for today.”

He met the goblin’s eyes and despite having no idea how to read his snarl expression, he knew he’d get the message of just move on for now. If he wanted to say something on it, he could do it later.

With less of an audience at that.

Axeclaw unfortunately moved on wordlessly by taking his hands and slicing into it without hesitation.

It stung to an unbelievable level that quickly turned into something like fire racing up his wrist as the blade cut much deeper into his skin of his palm then he was expecting it to, and Harry forced himself not grind his teeth together but instead take deep breathes and try to center himself. Yeah it hurt but it wouldn’t soon, so he just dealt with it by clenching his other fist so tightly he felt his fingernails pinch into his skin there sharply.

His cut palm was immediately just a pool of bright blood, and Axeclaw guided his arm to be over the cup, tilting so the free-flooding wound began to pour like a kettle filling a teacup with the world’s most gory drink.

My hair really is the color of blood. He noted absently, fixating on the color to be able to keep his composure despite the pain and finding it simply fascinating on some morbid level. Or maybe it was the blood loss because despite it being a teacup-sized vessel, it was still bigger than the average china set and when it was about halfway full he felt the odd coldness and slight dizziness he now knew meant the start of blood loss.

Not a good day to realize he recognized those symptoms.

In what was probably only a minute but really felt much longer when you were watching an open wound that was magically not clotting somehow drain your life away, but eventually the cup filled until it was only a couple millimeters from the top—and the runes around the table glowed.

Harry was not prepared to have a piece of his magic sampled, but he felt it when it cleaved down and snatched a chunk from him. There was no way to described the pull, as magic wasn’t real it was just… a part of him. Like his soul being yanked at sharply, he almost didn’t feel the tiny piece that got taken but he did feel this force he couldn’t quite name jolt inside and outside and around him and then settle back into place and it left him positively nauseous. Like an instantaneous dose of the world’s worst car sickness that only lasted a split second before disappearing, but left you with this echo of awful sick in your throat and a constricting pounding feeling in the front of his skull. Like both his stomach and his brain were now both in his sinuses and he was about to spew them if he didn’t take some deep breathes and close his eyes against the harsh light of the slightly-spinning room.

He felt the pain in his hand suddenly disappear and blinked his eyes back open to see not only the cut on his hand suddenly gone, but all the blood cleared apart from what had made it into the now-full cup. He had to blink a couple times as he pulled his hand back close to him, rubbing his palm distractedly as the black dots cleared from around the corners of his eyes.

He felt cold, and nauseous, and abruptly more tired then tense.

But it was very manageable, and in a couple seconds he’d gathered himself to turn around and find his seat again—a very pale looking Draco not watching the table at all but watching him intently, hands hovering like he wanted to do something despite that being rather useless.

“You alright?”

“I’m fine.”

“You’re pale as a sheet.”

“I’m missing a chunk of blood Draco, that’s normal I’m pretty sure.”

“You-!” Harry was sure whatever scolding he was about to get would be both severe and worthless considering the situation so he grabbed Draco’s hand to shut him up as he turned back to the table where everyone else was clearly looking.

And was both mildly startled and impressed by the writing that seemed to be coming to life as if written by a ghost. The base of the newly forming tree was his name, which had appeared directly under the small ‘x’ Axeclaw had drawn, and then the names began to branch upwards.



Harry James Potter Monroe

Lily Jade Potter, nee Evans --- James Henry Potter

Mary Olive Evans, nee Conrad --- Robert Leo Evans Euphemia Zion Potter, nee Black --- Fleamont Arcturus Potter



The names began to sprawl out across the paper as if written by invisible hands, not necessarily fast but quick enough that he could only just barely read the full name as it appeared before the next name was halfway done appearing. As the two sides of the tree quickly began to branch out and several names began appearing at once, he was forced to give up and just take it all in as it appeared. It was his tree though, when he got his copy he could pour over it all he wanted later.

Today, they were looking for something.

What exactly it was… he belatedly realized maybe it was a good thing Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy were here because he didn’t even know if Voldemort had a last name much less what it was, and barring something like “Slytherin” appearing, how was he supposed to know the name they were looking for when he saw it? And it couldn’t be that easy, Voldemort came to power by his claim he was the only Slytherin descendant, so if anyone had proof to counter they would’ve. And the Potter family having a “Slytherin” in the family tree would’ve been huge, at least at one point in history that someone like the Blacks or Malfoys never would’ve just forgotten. Harry could not believe no one in the entire Potter history hadn’t noticed—or maybe that’s what Draco had suspected and they did have a connection, just hid it or… something.

After all, his grandmother Euphemia was apparently a prominent Black by this tree and she’d married a Potter, which going by Daphne’s lessons was one of those things pureblood families flat out ignored, as it was still “acceptable” by blood purity standards but the conflict between the two family alignments (one being extremely dark and the other extremely light) meant it was not as perfect as it should’ve been on paper. Some other black sheep somewhere who married someone no one mentioned, someone else who had some kind of connection…

He didn’t know what he was looking for so it was more a relief and less an invasion of privacy when he saw Mr. Malfoy clearly examining the names himself. Still weird but also a comfort in some ways. It was also kind of a relief that he did not seemed shocked about any of it, though that might be a mask.

It was a bit belatedly as the names continued to branch at a slightly slower pace now, that he realized not all names were the same. Or, they weren’t being written in the same ink: some were so heavy handed they were almost too bold to properly read, others were so faded he could just barely make out what it was trying to say. His own name and several close by him were in clear pitch black, while most of the tree now that it was becoming more of a tree in fact, was written in dozens of different colors. Not only that, but each name had this little halo of color around it as if it were glowing, and the shimmering in it made him think if they turned the lights off, they really would start shining.

His father’s side was… frankly, huge. Actually it was most of the tree now that it actually looked like a tree, but his mother’s side was… way more linear. Which wasn’t so surprising as the whole pureblood thing meant families in history were definitely intermarrying and creating thick bushes of branches instead of linear lines, but he found it hard to believe his entire maternal line had consisted of only children for what looked to be centuries.

In fact… he knew it was wrong or at least edited, because Petunia and Lily had been sisters. There were two faint lines coming off Mary and Robert Evans’ connected names, one of which lead to Lily Potter, nee Evans, and the other… which faded as if it’d run out of ink until there was a ghost of a name there but even him knowing it probably read ‘Petunia’, he still couldn’t read it.

“Is this sufficient or would you like to go back farther? We would need another dose of blood to continue.” Axeclaw broke into his thoughts, and one glance at Mr. Malfoy who said nothing, he just nodded. He didn’t recognize most of these names anyway, and nothing gave away any clue as to who he could’ve inherited parseltongue from.

He scanned… seeing things he did recognize and had questions about, but nothing that meant anything about snakes.

“Let’s go back farther,” He agreed, holding out his hand again and wincing as he blade cut into his skin one more time.

It took much longer to gather himself this time, and despite the cut being instantly healed, Draco’s cold skin holding his hand tightly as he sat back down on slightly shaky knees was actually a huge relief. The ink didn’t wait for him this time, it simply took the new blood to revitalize the momentum it had so by the time he could breath normally without the fear he was about to puke on his own family tree and refocus on the paper in front of him, dozens of new names had appeared and he struggled to take them all in.

“Why are some faded? And the colors…?” He managed to get out in the silence while they waited for the names to keep coming, and Axeclaw just tapped the desk unhurriedly.

“A blood test of this nature is to gauge whose blood you have inherited. Just because you are a descendant of some does not mean you are born with that blood strongly within you; this blood test will likely look nothing like that of your parents had they taken one, nor your children should you have them.” He explained.

It was a genetic chance, is what he was saying. Harry didn’t know much about it, even the muggle genetics part of it, though he’d heard of it before, but knew there was a science behind why brown-eyed parents didn’t have blue-eyed children, or how a grandchild could have some feature neither their parents did just because their great grandmother did once. Or something like that—seemed like muggle science nailed that one just as well as magic could.

“This shows whose blood you have inherited strongly, and those you have a distant relation to, but not as strongly. Those written in more concrete ink are strong ties while those who are greatly faded are quite distant, barely traces in your blood but still there. If they are not present, you’ve inherited none of their blood.”

“And the colors?”

“Magic, versus physical blood.” Harry was a bit surprised at that… but as he gazed out at the complex web in front of him, a lot of the names on his father’s side were a rainbow of colors, while his mother’s had approximately zero colors aside from Lily Potter herself. So, that held up at least. “Black is physical blood, actual genetics as muggles put it. Any color is a certain vein of magic, although you’ll find most purebloods are a cacophony of many types of mixed magics, so it means less.” He explained uncaringly.

His father’s name was pitch black, with a glowing hue of many subtle colors Harry could pick out, though red was definitely the most defined. The red-cast rainbow could be traced throughout many of the Potter names listed above him, which was pretty cool to watch…

His mother’s name was pitch black too, with a cast of lighter bluish-green, but all the names above her were solid, nearly bolded black.

“So since my mother’s ancestors were all muggle, they had no magic for me to inherit and no colors.”

“Correct.” Axeclaw tilted his head as he examined the part of the tree Harry himself was looking at. “Given by this, you have inherited that familial line far more intensely than your paternal side.”

He did NOT like the implication he was more heavily related to the Dursleys then he was to his father’s parents… but was quickly soothed by the reminder that faded names meant he actually had none of their blood, magic or otherwise. He couldn’t see Petunia’s name even though he knew it should be there, which meant… in the eyes of magic and whatever blood he had in his veins, he wasn’t actually related to her. Not technically at least.

Which you know, best news he’d heard all year.

What was still a bit unsettling about his mother’s line though, was the linear pattern he’d noted before. Most siblings, if ever there were ones, were faded lines instead of names if even he could see those faint lines at all. There was thick bold ink over his and Lily Potter’s name, then his grandmother Mary who married a Robert whose name was… well it was clearly there, but it was incredibly light, and in fact the little “t” on the end was almost illegible. Mary’s mother, Diana Kelly Rockworth, also had a thick line but her husband Richard was also so light and half faded that Harry wouldn’t have known his last name if Grandmother Mary weren’t a Conrad. The thick bolded writing followed a very blatant line for Diana’s mother, and her father, and his mother, and her mother, and her father and… and so on.

Everyone else outside of the line pretty much just wasn’t there for how translucent they were, and as they passed two centuries back, Harry stopped being able to see the spouses marrying into the line at all, like they didn’t even matter.

He was caught up in this weirdo event and wondering if this is what most muggle lines looked like, that he snapped his head to the side a little too hard when Axeclaw spoke again, breaking him out of his thoughts as he pointed out another section of the tree. A section Harry belated realized wasn’t actually connected to the main tree at all.

“As it relates to you inheriting the Monroe line, this is where that can be seen.” He motioned to the right area and Harry lit up to see the branching names of many, many Monroes in their whole other tree. Looking carefully he could see some places it touched his own main tree, which wasn’t shocking if they’d been purebloods, so that was cool.

Even cooler was that they were all basked in a glowing, orangey-amber-gold like hue, and despite their names being written in flat red meaning he shared not one drop of physical blood with them, his own name was nearly eclipsed with the same exact color. He thought he was getting that from the Potter’s red but it was clearly more Monroe than anything, and honestly… that made him extremely happy. He got a full dose of their magic, and as a wizard that was far more important to him.

He immediately tried finding Dell’s name, but nothing jumped out at him. She was alive around the 1600s so she should’ve been coming up… he just didn’t spot her. He did however see a William Sayre which… rang a bell somehow.

How do I know that name?

He scratched his brain trying to recall, but nothing came to mind. He definitely knew that name though just… where had he…?

He was looking down trying to remember, back towards the base of the tree by his own name, and was suddenly very distracted by two names written underneath the tree itself, not outwardly connected it seemed but written in solid ink. And they definitely had not been there initially, he just wasn’t sure when they had appeared.

He was so taken off guard he barely heard Axeclaw ask if he wanted to continue. He wasn’t sure how long they should keep going until they knew with more confidence they wouldn’t find answers here, but… maybe one more time wouldn’t hurt.

Immediately after it though he decided this was the last one because he didn’t even bother looking at the names, he let Mr. Malfoy take over, just slumping into his seat and leaning his head onto Draco’s shoulder until his vision came back into view. By the time he was sure he wasn’t going to throw up and Draco had practically worried a hole in his hand from rubbing soothing circles over his palm with his thumb, the tree had nearly doubled in size. He highly doubted he was going to remain conscious if he did it one more time, to be fair, and information be damned he wasn’t a masochist, thank you.

He was so out of it he didn’t immediately react when someone inhaled sharply and Draco was suddenly pulling at his sleeve to force him to sit up more.

“Harry. You alright?” Clearly that wasn’t the first time he’d said his name, and so Harry made an effort to sit up a bit more.

“What? Sorry I…” He shook his head slightly as if that could shake focus into him. “What is it?”

“I believe we found it.” Mr. Malfoy intoned lowly, giving nothing away, but needing to stand up to lean over the table far enough to point at what he’d found. Harry, being nearly half his height, got up on shaky legs and walked around the table with Draco close on his heels to see what it was…



Liliana Slytherin



Only… it was at the very top of the incredibly linear muggle line that ended with Lily Potter, nee Evans of all people.

Uh… what? Is this stupid ritual making me hallucinate?

Even more so, because this Liliana Slytherin was written in pitch black, bolded ink, and not a drop of color anywhere to be seen.

Her father though…

Her father’s name gleamed a very stark, pure blueish-green to highlight his magical signature. And it was much thicker and more potent, but it was identical to the color haloed around Lily Potter’s name.

I mean… it follows the rules I guess but that means I am both blood and magic related to Salazar Slytherin. No, actually, his name is written in blue, which means I’m not blood related to him, just magic. Which frankly makes no sense but… I mean I didn’t need the Malfoys here, even I could’ve spotted that if I weren’t punch drunk right now…

Looking closer because really that was all he could do at this moment, he noticed there were several faint lines coming from Salazar Slytherin’s name—he couldn’t read any of them but Liliana, and he couldn’t even read who he’d married, or at least who Liliana's mother was. The lines implied he’d had three children, though right now he only knew about this Liliana… who had no magic despite being the daughter of one of the most famous wizards in the world, and her children and her children’s children had all be firmly muggle… right up until Lily Evans.

Maybe it was the ritual spells, but Harry felt like throwing up and laying down in equal measure.

"It seems Salazar Slytherin had three children, of which was always known. It was believed his youngest daughter to be infertile though, as she never bore a child. That is, as of this moment, disproven." Axeclaw observed to no one, probably for Harry’s benefit mostly as it was obvious that was what they’d come to learn. Harry was also kind of annoyed by how unperturbed he was, although in hindsight there was no reason for a goblin to be concerned over the bloodlines of wizards, even if they were related to old famous wizards—humans were humans and goblins didn’t particularly care about humans as a rule.

"Most likely because she was a squib apparently. She was probably cast out or kept her family name hidden at the very least, and if her entire line has been non-magical until Evans…" Mr. Malfoy said aloud as if he himself were putting things together, and either he was being generous or he too was rather shocked, to the point he forgot to watch what he was saying.

A thought hit him and Harry too blurted it out before considering if this was the right audience to ask it to.

"Does that mean my mother was a Parselmouth?"

There was a pause and Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy exchanged a very pointed look.

“…if she was, we never knew about it. Given our previous reputation, that would not be an unwise move on her part to hide it." Lucius admitted, and he seemed truthful surprisingly.

“Is this what you were intending to unearth?” That’s right, Axeclaw didn’t know what they’d been looking for, but he clearly knew now by his slightly waspish tone.

“Yes. I uh… it’s complicated.” He wavered slightly, but the goblin didn’t even blink.

“Very well.” He brushed it off, slipping the dagger back into its silk cloth and removing the bowl from the table as the writing finally came to a stop and it ran dry of it’s gruesome ink to use. “Is that it for your blood test or is there something else you’d like to search?”

No, Harry had a whole list of questions. Probably more then just Axeclaw could answer to be fair, but… his eyes dropped back to the two names at the base of the tree, and maybe he was just tired or loopy from the spells but... he couldn’t help himself.

“My… ah, godfathers?” He pointed, and everyone now turned to the two names written below his own, not touching his tree, but just as close as his parents.



Sirius Black

Remus Lupin



He’d known about Sirius but…

“How are they… I mean I’m not related to them by blood?”

“I believe you’re related to Sirius Black in here somewhere—it’s a rare pureblood who isn’t somehow distantly related to the Black family tree.” Axeclaw answered without issue, tossing a casual glance at the spider web of names in front of them but didn’t look very hard. “They would be there out of magical inheritance more than anything. Note their names are actually navy I believe—it’s a traditional color for godparents.”

Not related by blood… and magical inheritance counted towards a magical blood test? Maybe I don’t understand inheritance as much as I thought I did.

“Godfathers?” Draco repeated out loud, audibly bewildered. “Sirius Black is your godfather?”

Harry froze… but forcefully tilted his head slightly so it didn’t look like he was frozen in shock or anything. He saw Mrs. Malfoy take a step forward and place her hands over her son’s shoulders pointedly, and he looked up at her in confusion.

That’s right… he hadn’t told Draco about Sirius.

By his tone he clearly recognized the name—if he was Mrs. Malfoy’s cousin he had to. Draco would be getting the majority of the Black inheritance someday after all because of Sirius being disowned/incarcerated, there was no way he didn’t know the guy.

But he… Harry hadn’t given away that he knew he’d had godfathers. Or godfather as Remus Lupin being his godfather was absolutely brand new news to him, but he’d known since last year about Sirius Black… and he’d fully intended on asking Draco, maybe even asking him to ask his parents…

But that was before. He’d procrastinated all last year: he’d fully meant to bring it up to Draco but he… hadn’t, because he didn’t really want to face it. And then suddenly it was the end of the year and he’d missed his chance to have Draco ask his parents over Christmas or Easter.

And then very understandably it’d slipped his mind to ask Draco to ask his parents about it over the summer break, because he had only just managed to survive the end of term otherwise.

And then suddenly a casual interest in who his godfather was had been blown out of the water into something closer to a dire need, if it meant Sirius Black could get him out of Private Drive. By then Harry had a healthy distrust of one Narcissa Black and asking Draco hadn’t even crossed his mind—he’d gone to Daphne instead.

He himself hadn’t wanted to think about it, so he hadn’t exactly told Draco about… this.

So… yeah, this was awkward.

He made a snap decision, and played dumb.

“Who is he? What happened to him?” He directed his questions at Axeclaw, very impressed with himself by how believable that sounded. Then again he really was feeling ill right then so sounding so desperate wasn’t that hard.

Axeclaw met his gaze at the question, and obviously knew he was lying. He’d already asked that a year ago and Axeclaw had already well explained it, but frankly the account manager didn’t care and it wasn’t like you could read a goblin’s snarling expression to notice any hesitation or surprise either.

Surprisingly though, he only opened his mouth to answer before he was cut off.

“Sirius Black and Remus Lupin were friends of your father.” Mrs. Malfoy was actually the one to respond, and Harry was forced to turn to look at her and prayed to whatever deity was listening that she bought his blank expression for what it was and couldn’t tell he was lying. “Sirius… your godfather, is my cousin actually. I was a Black myself before my marriage.”

"Why… if they're my godparents, where are they?"

The Malfoy parents exchanged looks once more, and Harry really hoped that meant they were buying this.

"I might explain the absence of a Mr. Lupin." Axeclaw chimed in, his tone positively professional but the helpfulness implying he was not thrilled about being cut off and wanted his stage back. "He was very vehement in finding you and taking you after your parents' deaths, however creatures such as him are forbidden from adopting children. I was present for the court hearing he managed to get and it was not pretty—many look down on creatures such as him and he was essentially laughed out of the Ministry for his attempt."

"Creatures?" Draco chimed in curiously, and Harry was facing Axeclaw so they didn’t see his expression, but he knew, and he knew Axeclaw knew that he knew, exactly what he was about to say.

"He is a werewolf." The goblin announced blankly.

"Really!?" Draco reaction was… more nervous than anything. He was clearly taken aback and not happy about that news, but one glance at Harry for his own reaction and he seemed to seal his jaw shut and pretend to be blank faced again.

Harry knew him better then that though. He didn’t much like that news.

Most of last year Draco had acted as if he was censoring himself, and Harry knew it was because he was trying to un-learn a lifetime of dark alignment and not saying things like ‘mudblood’ or the like around him. They’d since moved passed that and it had honestly meant a lot.

It was not great that Draco seemed pre-disposed to be prejudiced against a potential godfather of his but… he was censoring himself on his own so… progress?

Best tactic though was to keep playing dumb. Because he wanted to hear Draco’s parents’ reactions too—and if they’d spent his whole childhood spitting anti-werewolf rhetoric, like Harry had a feeling they had, then… well, Harry had to at least know what he was up against here.

"That's a bad thing?" He feigned obliviousness, though thanks to Daphne he was already well aware what the wizarding world thought about werewolves. What he was really after was the two people behind him thought, so he “innocently” turned from Axeclaw, to Draco who almost didn’t even meet his eyes, and then back at Mrs. Malfoy in particular.

They’d had tea together after all. Why wouldn’t she answer his innocent question?

Despite whatever else she might’ve been thinking, her smile seemed to be complimenting him somehow.

She didn’t respond though, and after a beat of silence Axeclaw answered instead.

"Werewolves are considered dark creatures. As if the Ministry would give their savior to a dark creature so soon after the Dark Lord fell." His tone was blank but Harry was clever enough to notice the implied derision. He was sure a lot of the worst of humanity called goblins dark creatures too, so it wasn’t exactly out of place. “Despite the magical inheritance there, the Ministry never even acknowledged him as your godfather, so he really had no claim even though the attempt was made.”

Clearly… Remus Lupin definitely was not in his parents’ will as his godfather, and if what Axeclaw was implying was true and the Ministry’s bureaucracy (their ignorance and bias) could not only overwrite but ignore magic in favor of their paperwork when it didn’t suit their prejudices, it was likely his parents couldn’t legally file a will with Remus’ name on it like that. They’d had no choice, but they’d done it magically anyway.

What struck him about this conversation though… was that this Remus guy had tried.

If Harry had been harboring any resentment about where this man had been all his life, despite the nonsense werewolf prejudice, he found himself forgiving the man he’d never met a little. Despite a childhood with the Dursleys… all those horrible memories…

Remus Lupin had tried.

And… he’d failed, apparently.

Being ‘laughed out of the ministry’ as Axeclaw put it was a wince-inducing thought for sure but…

Someone had tried, for him.

And given up, which was less amazing, but still.

Harry could count on one hand the amount of people who’d ever gone to bat for him, and he was thrilled that it sounded like there was a legitimate chance this Remus Lupin would be one of them.

He wanted me.

The thought was almost intrusive in nature and he felt his breath catch in his chest.

With everyone else dead or unable to help me, all that time ago he’d wanted me.

The Dursleys… didn’t.

They never wanted me, not for a single second and they made that abundantly clear.

But Remus had.

The unfairness of it all, the fact someone had wanted to take him in and been denied in favor of those who vehemently hadn’t and then spent his entire childhood blaming him for that decision he’d had no part in… that was a whole other can of worms. The injustice about why Remus had been denied was another issue he just didn’t have the emotional capacity to confront for today.

He’d grown up thinking he was a very unwanted child, and today he was learning that had in fact not been true at all.

Someone had wanted him.

All details and reality aside… that made his chest feel oddly tight.

He’d spent too long in silence though, he knew he still had a charade to wear and glanced up, again back at Mrs. Malfoy as she’d brought it up first, after all.

"…what about Sirius Black then?”

She straightened up a bit and nodded once. "The prevailing theory is that he was the one to sell your parents out to the dark lord. He is in Azkaban for that, as well as the murder of a dozen Muggles and yet another of your father's friends—Peter Pettigrew."

“Oh.” He purposefully sounded crestfallen… but honestly he didn’t really have to pretend. That was still insanely depressing to hear no matter if he’d heard it a couple times before.

A joyous surprise though, was Draco picking up on a piece of that and asking the real question at heart here all on his own.

"Theory?" Draco chirped towards his mother, and Harry realized as the two adults exchange yet another loaded look, that this might be a clue he hadn’t had before.

Either Sirius Black was innocent and wrongly convicted, insane, or he was evil. Definition of evil aside, the Malfoys had been dark back during the first war.

Mr. Malfoy had been a death eater.

And no, I am not giving that too much thought today, I’ll go insane. He scolded himself.

What was important was that, while they probably couldn’t speak to if he was insane or not, they might know if Sirius Black was innocent or evil.

After all, chances were Mr. Malfoy knew damn well if Sirius Black was also a death eater.

He wouldn’t say that outright obviously, but whatever reaction he had…

And going but the lengthy look he was exchanging with his wife, it was quite the bit of unsaid history he was hiding.

"He was never given a trial. Given the timing of it all, I was not in the position to call for such a thing." Lucius finally admitted, mainly towards Draco’s inquisitive eyes, his voice smooth with no hesitation despite the long pause. "Not that I cared to."

And despite being kind of rude to admit he hadn’t cared that Harry’s only magical relative might’ve been incarcerated in hell wrongly, frankly the honesty was oddly refreshing in a way.

“I did, however. Annoying as he was, he was my cousin. There were definitely worse relatives in our family to have that title." Narcissa frowned, kind of taking Harry off guard with this random bit of information. "But Lucius was right, it wasn't worth risking our own family since we had no proof either. And Draco, you'd just been born, we had more to worry about than what Sirius did or did not do. It’s not an excuse of course, just a fact. I do not regret being implicit, as my own family came first.” She delicately tucked a piece of Draco’s hair behind his ear almost fondly as she explained, and Harry knew this random confession was more for her son, so that Draco didn’t think poorly of them more then anything for Harry’s benefit.

And honestly he was fine with that.

He was more wrapped up in the realization that he might’ve misjudged Slytherins a bit. Either she was lying, or she was using honesty like a weapon to throw them all off, and worse is that even if Harry knew that he still didn’t know what she was trying to throw him off the trail of.

Or… she really was telling the truth… and then that would mean… what?

It was… very believable, this explanation. Which only made it that much more confusing—why would she suddenly confess that? If he were a full Gryffindor he would hate her for condemning someone, much less someone who should’ve been close to him, for such selfish reasons. Was she banking that he understood Slytherins enough not to condemn her? Did he even understand Slytherins enough to recognize her intentions were understandably selfish, or did he hate that? Or was he just so thrown off by her being so randomly honest about it to get upset right now, but he would later? Did it even matter?

Was she not aware he already kind of had condemned her?

What is she playing at?

He didn’t know what expression he was wearing, but he suddenly realized Mr. Malfoy was smirking at him and he immediately dropped his attention back to the table where his family tree was written—or at least pretended to.

That’s right, I already don’t like her. Don’t think too hard on it.

“Is that all for today, Mr. Potter?”

Harry glanced at the time and realized they did have a bit more time before they needed to be back at Hogwarts, and the letter in his pocket suddenly got a bit heavier as he remembered the other things he needed to ask. He could just hand the letter to Axeclaw and it would tell him about Dumbledore probably being the one to cast the mail ward and such, but everything else… he kind of needed an answer, and he wasn’t going to get another chance to speak face-to-face with the goblins until Christmas easily, if that since he wasn’t sure he’d be allowed to leave the castle without an adult (and more importantly without Dumbledore knowing he was going to Gringotts specifically).

He didn’t want to give away any more information then strictly necessary though, not in front of the Malfoys at least. He’d already told Draco though so…

Wait, finances. Mr. Malfoy at least would appreciate if it were just about finances.

“Uh, I did have a couple questions actually, on my last statement. But ah… I think you said you had a potion to stop the aftereffects?” He hinted, and the goblin nodded.

“Correct, I will retrieve it; should only take a moment.” He gathered his tools and began pushing his cart out, Draco dragged him back from the table to force him to sit again.

“Seriously, are you okay?”

“Honestly no, that super sucked.” He flashed him a weary grin and the blond made a face. “But there’s a potion to fix it though so don’t worry so much.”

“You’re an idiot.” He deadpanned, choosing not to sit beside him but stand in agitation. Which matched his father who also chose to continue standing although with a lot less tension in his posture.

“I am impressed you’re taking an interest in your finances at such a young age, Mr. Potter.” Lucius commented in something like approval and Harry did not know how to take the compliment.

“Ah… thank you sir.” He shifted a bit in his chair. “I thought it… relevant.”

He had kind of hoped they’d take the subtle hint to excuse themselves while he talked privately with his account manager but either they missed it (not likely) or they were willing to commit the social blunder of ignoring how awkward them listening in on this would be in the name of gathering information. Not that he could blame them.

Or maybe it wasn’t weird for adults to oversee children when they were attempting to do adult things.

Not that he’d know, what responsible adults actually did. Maybe he was imagining things.

He wasn’t imagining how awkward this was though.

And either Draco had been getting so much better lately but apparently getting too comfy with his parents right behind him made him forget every lesson in observation he’d ever learned because he was being pretty damn oblivious to Harry’s tension.

“Is this about what you mentioned earlier?” He asked curiously.

I’m going to hit him when we get back to Hogwarts and I don’t think his mother will hex me for it.

Harry gave him a look but he just blinked wide grey eyes back balefully.

“What? What’s that for!?”

“I don’t believe he wants us to know what it was he mentioned, dear.” Mrs. Malfoy sounded very amused as she clued her son in, and Draco blinked in surprise again, looking between his parents and Harry as if only just realizing several things.

“Oh… but that…?” He tilted his head. “Should we leave then?”

“Draco.” Harry had to lean forward and put his head in his hands, and he heard Mr. Malfoy actually chuckle under his breath.

“What!?” Said oblivious blond demanded, knowing he was at the butt of the joke but not what the joke actually was.

“It’s a wonder Blaise hasn’t eaten you alive yet.” He snarked back, and Draco’s face flushed a bit pink in frustration. Harry just fully gave up because at this point there was no point, he might as well just come clean. Also he was tired and his headache was getting worse so he just couldn’t bothered. “I kind of wanted to talk to Axeclaw alone but I going to take a guess that either adults don’t often just let children talk finances with account managers alone very often, or to leave would be a waste of potential information. Or both.” He sighed bluntly.

He saw Mr. Malfoy smirking again as he resumed “looking” at the parchment on the table like he wasn’t fully listening in.

“Oh.” Draco stared at him, brow furrowing slightly as he took that in. After a pause though… “If you wanted the conversation to be private, we would leave.” He announced, speaking for his parents who both seemed to pause and glance at him for it.

The best part?

Draco was telling the truth.

And for Harry it pulled out the first genuine smile from him in what felt like a week, even despite his growing headache.

“And that Draco, is why you’re my favorite.” He told him matter-of-factly, and Draco did a double take as if wondering if he’d missed another social clue somehow. Harry just smiled widely at him, but he wasn’t about to make Draco put his money where his mouth was and attempt to get into a power struggle with his own parents. Clearly they wanted to stay, and if Draco demanded they leave… well.

Harry was not going to be the reason for internal Malfoy family conflict.

He took mercy on his friend and just continued. “It’s alright. And yeah, it’s about the things I mentioned earlier—I saw them on my statement and didn’t know what they were for.” He lied, praying Draco at least took the hint that he didn’t want the adults present to know he’d seen his parents’ will.

Thankfully he seemed to at least catch that and nodded, tilting his head. “I did suggest it before though… my parents might know.” He nodded, looking at his dad specifically who looked up as if just hearing his name, like he hadn’t been clearly eavesdropping.

“About what specifically?” Lucius nodded openly.

There was really no point in hiding it anymore, and Draco was right, Mr. Malfoy was probably the guy to ask so far as properties went at least. Harry hid his grudging sigh—the end was near so he just needed to get his information and back to Hogwarts as soon as he could. He'd deal with the breech of information to untrustworthy parties later, once his more imminent need for truth was sorted.

Axeclaw took that very moment to walk in, a large scroll of parchment in one hand and a capped potion in the other;, Harry acknowledged him with a nod and then turned back to the Malfoy patriarch for his question.

“Well… I saw I had a lot of properties, or inherited them, but the one I wasn’t able to find any information on was something called Longsgate.” He admitted. “I just wanted to know what it was.”

“It is indeed a property, and a rather infamous one in some circles.” Lucius agreed, but didn’t seem that interested.

“So far as it concerns your account, Mr. Potter, the property was actually willed to the Mr. Lupin we just discussed,” Axeclaw cut in, his ‘helpful’ tone back telling them he wasn’t happy to be left out of the conversation when he was only gone a minute. Given the annoyed snarl Harry got when he was handed the potion by the goblin in question, he also knew this was stupid questioning since he knew Harry had read the will. This was all just wizarding games he didn’t care for.

Harry cared though, when he saw the outright surprised look on Mr. Malfoy’s face, and glancing to the side realized Mrs. Malfoy looked similarly taken off guard.

“Really? It was willed to Lupin? Surely the Potters knew though.”

“Knew what?”

“As a werewolf he is not permitted to own property, nor receive inheritance of any will.” Axeclaw explained, clinically in his facts but the brutality of that information hit Harry hard.

But wait… they wouldn’t put his name on the will because werewolves can’t adopt children, but they would let my parents will him a property even though he couldn’t accept it?

That has to mean…

Mrs. Malfoy stood now to stand by her husband and saw his expression, nodding once at him. “Indeed. No matter if the Potters willed the land to him, the ministry likely seized it immediately.” She confirmed what he already suspected, and it was yet another reason to hate this wizarding government.

They let his parents make the blunder and approved the will that way just so they could take the property the second they died. If they rejected Remus as his godfather because of what he was, they definitely knew he couldn’t inherit property and they’d done it anyway.

Most of the ‘wealth’ of ancient and noble houses was their assets instead of their gold—their books, artifacts, land. Legal or not Harry saw this as outright theft and it pissed him off.

Or… he was about to get pissed off before Axeclaw brandished every single one of his wicked sharp teeth and Harry realized that the goblin was actually grinning.

“Indeed it is unfortunate news. Especially when you consider the nature of the Longsgate property.” He sounded far too chipper and not only did it freak Harry out but the Malfoys actually looked disturbed through their masks too. “Several generations back, a rather eccentric Potter patriarch of the day decided he wanted his descendants to have the chance to test their mettle against unique, exotic, and dangerous beasts. Hunting wild magical creatures was much more popular in centuries past and laws on protected species not yet in place, so he feared many of the greatest offerings of nature would be hunted to extinction. And in fact he was very correct as many dozens, if not hundreds of species since that day have been entirely wiped out, or nearly so as Longsgate remains one of the only places many species still exist, even in such few numbers. In his concern of this he spent his lifetime seeking out and capturing a wealth of creatures, and creating what is in essence the world’s most dangerous zoo.”

Harry’s eyes widened. “That’s Longsgate. It’s a zoo?”

“Well. A zoo implies cages, caretakers… any amount of security at all.” Axeclaw did his sharp grin again and Harry felt a chill run up his spine—in a good way this time. “My understanding is that Mr. Lupin only set foot on Longsgate long enough to ‘claim’ his inheritance before removing himself from the property. From what I hear most of the ministry officials who went to… seize the property, were never found. Although a rescue mission into Longsgate is not something many volunteer for so I don’t believe anyone looked too hard for them.”

Harry couldn’t help but grin.

Okay, my parents were awesome.

“I suppose that is… fitting.” Mrs. Malfoy seemed a cross between genuinely impressed and judgmental of the extremely Gryffindor vengeance tactic that was, all the while trying to pretend she was not impacted at all.

“At this moment Longsgate exists in this… limbo. Mr. Lupin officially inherited it, although legally he has no right to it. The ministry was not able to seize it though so legally it can still be tracked and reclaimed by the previous owner—meaning you as the sole member of the Potter family. With the proper paperwork, that is.” Axeclaw explained.

Harry caught on the pointed use of the word legal.

“Magically though…?”

“Magically both you and Mr. Lupin share ownership. It’s a unique property as it can’t exactly just be gifted away; the original creator of it ensured only someone with the Potter bloodline would be able to access most of it and the associated enchantments ensuring that have not been undone despite what laws have or have not been put in place since the property was established. There was the magical inheritance done when it was willed to Mr. Lupin that is magically binding, however that does not remove the pre-existing magical inheritance claim you also have to it simply be being born to James Potter. The ministry could legally of course request Gringotts to undo said enchantments on the both of you, but they have not yet paid that fee.”

Which meant the fee was probably exorbitant and they were far too cheap to bother just for some dangerous animals that’d sooner eat them rather then than actually be useful or valuable. They thought they were getting a some free real estate by stealing it from a werewolf and really just inherited a problem they weren’t willing to even set foot on much less pay to upkeep. All this time Harry hadn’t even known that this property was technically his (maybe the ministry didn’t even know it was still technically/magically still his) and clearly Remus hadn’t been living there so they were probably content just to let the property rot, happy in their knowledge they’d cheated a werewolf out of yet another thing even if they didn’t even want it themselves in the first place.

Assholes, Harry promptly decided. Not that he hadn’t already had his suspicions.

But it also meant Longsgate was probably unattended, and empty. And full of dangerous creatures of course but… that was good information to have. He didn’t know what he’d do with it, but he liked it a lot.

“Any other questions?”

“Yes, just one… something else I didn’t recognize and I’ve no idea what it is: the Eileen Prince Foundation?”

“It’s a scholarship fund, for Hogwarts students. Your mother created it in honor of a friend of hers.” Mr. Malfoy, surprisingly, answered almost immediately and when Harry looked at him he actually met his gaze instead of pretending to only casually know this information.

“A scholarship fund?” He repeated slowly, not having seen that coming. But he supposed it made sense… he… he actually didn’t know how much Hogwarts tuition cost, he hadn’t ever asked despite all the other things he’d paid attention to—not having enough money for something was thankfully not one of his many problems at the moment. As a premier school as Hogwarts claimed to be, it would make sense it wasn’t cheap and that scholarship funds would only go hand in hand.

After all, given what he knew about the Weasley family then there had to be ways to support financially struggling families to give their children an education.

A theory which was promptly blown out of the water by Axeclaw.

“Indeed, the only stipulation to receive this fund is that the recipient is not a pureblood.”

What does that… eh? I mean yeah, pureblood typically come from money but that’s not always the case. I mean I can’t think of an example right now aside from the Weasleys but… why would my mother make that the rule specifically?

Mr. Malfoy simply lifted his chin a bit. “Not that it matters of course.”

Completely disregarding the glaring exception the Weasley family was. Which, if what Draco had told him start of last year was because the two clans didn’t exactly see eye to eye.

Yeah, not the audience to get into the details.

“Do I need to do anything to keep it going then?” He turned back to Axeclaw, who inclined his head.

“I will assemble the proper paperwork required and owl it to you for you to decide what to do with it. It is not actually connected to the Potter account but was in your mother’s name alone, so I was not involved with the details and the previous account manager who was the main contact for it has since died. It has stagnated in the years without someone tending to it but if you would like me to incorporate it into the Potter account responsibilities I would be able to do so.”

For a fee, obviously.

“Please,” he nodded, finally realizing that might be it and he still had an undrunk potion in his hand and the dizziness was only getting worse so maybe he should call it. “I don’t have anything else for today—thank you Axeclaw.”

The goblin nodded once as Harry uncapped and downed the potion he was holding without hesitating. True to his expectations it was awful—like pure lemon pulp with chunks of rancid peanut butter and poppy seeds poorly blended in.

The only saving grace was despite him having the urge to vomit from the taste and texture, as soon as he lowered the bottle and coughed out the horrible feeling on his tongue, his headache began lessening as if someone had undone the clamp on his forehead and a warm feeling flushed through him to the tips of his fingers and toes. Probably replenishing all the blood he’d lost, hopefully.

He still felt dizzy but it was way more manageable now, and the sudden relief of the tension and pain just made him flat out tired. To the point where he got the feeling he could probably take a nap once they got back to Hogwarts actually.

“A pleasure doing business as always, Mr. Potter.” The goblin intoned, accepting the empty bottle back—along with the letter Harry had silently wrapped around it.





Chapter 46: Book 2 : Envy : 13


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“Harry, if I could make a suggestion?”

I would like nothing less, actually.

He bit down forcefully on his thoughts though and turned to Mrs. Malfoy as politely as he could.

They were back at Malfoy manor, something about the floo connection between the head of the school board’s home and Hogwarts not being quite as suspicious as one going to Gringotts and back. At least, if someone brought it up the questions would be coming to Lucius, who seemed very confident in his ability to handle that.

Said father was now speaking to Draco off to the side, and the body language was clear enough that Harry knew to just stand there and wait for them to be done doing whatever it was they were doing, despite how much he would’ve loved to just turn right around and head back to Hogwarts instead of dawdling any longer. Particularly in this particular manor.

Particularly with this particular woman, who now had the perfect opportunity to corner him in a conversation once again. Had he been a better Slytherin he would’ve asked after the peacocks or her embroidery since technically they’d had those small talk conversations before, but he’d let his tense silence speak for itself.

He doubted she didn’t notice, and more assumed she just didn’t care about his discomfort when she spoke. He didn’t actually say anything, but he did politely look at her as if to continue, which she took easily.

“I’m sure a lot of that information will need to be thought over as it was quite a bit all at once. While you consider it all though, I would advise that Lupin would be a good contact for you… with some reservations.” She had no outright expression on, which made it hard to pinpoint what she was after with this conversation, and he frowned a bit.

“Because he is a werewolf?” he couldn’t help himself.

Her smile gave nothing away.

“More because he is a coward.” She admitted, and he felt himself blink a bit in surprise. “It is not strictly his fault, but so far as spines go, his is certainly on the weaker side. Just something to be aware of.”

“Alright,” He allowed, not really sure what to make of that. It was weird enough to hear a Slytherin call a Gryffindor a coward, and he knew there had to be more to it, he just… wasn’t about to get into it today, nor was he about to pick her brain for details. He was sure that was a bad idea.

Thankfully she seemed just fine with that short answer, and both were saved by Draco and his father returning to them after their side conversation.

“That should be all then. Study hard Draco,” Lucius put a hand on his son’s shoulder to which the smaller snake seemed to puff up as he nodded assuredly. One glance at Harry though, and Mr. Malfoy seemed to reconsider. “Before you go though, there is a spell I’ve taught you Draco that Mr. Potter here would likely get more use out of than most. It might be prudent you teach him when you have a chance.”

“Oh?” Draco tilted his head, and Lucius just drew his wand and made a sharp stabbing-like motion, which Harry watched carefully.

“Serpensortia.” He intoned clearly, and Harry jumped a bit as a huge black snake spun to life as if thread had materialized and wrapped around itself until suddenly it was a living, wriggling, breathing snake hissing wildly around at them in shock at its sudden existence.

Draco immediately perked up in excitement. "Oh yeah! You'll be great with this one then!"

Harry went from looking at his friend’s eager gaze back down to the sudden snake, and like a radio tuning in suddenly the hissing filtered through his ears properly.

"Where am I? Who ruined my nap!?" It was totally furious and literally spitting mad, huge fangs bared in indignant rage at apparently being woken up. Looking closely though Harry saw its deep black scales had a very distinct blue shine to the light that he actually found incredibly beautiful.

“Sssorry about that, we didn't mean to wake you." He told it politely, and it immediately stopped hissing to turn around and stare lidless eyes at him.

"He talksss?"

“Hello…”

"Ha! It works!" Draco grinned triumphantly. Lucius looked between Harry and his son for a moment before nodding once.

"Teach him this spell Draco, it will be worth his while."

"Right," the blond nodded obediently. "It's actually a pretty simple one, especially given that you're so good with transfiguration. It shares some principles, I think."

"What, summoning and transfiguration?" Harry wondered, not really having touched the subject before.

"It's not really summoning, that's a bit too high level for second years."

"Oh, so it's not a real snake?"

"No," Lucius chimed in. "It will fade when the spell does in a couple hours and is more easily banished than a summoned snake."

"I see." He turned back to the snake still curled between them all, who was still looking at him in a way only a snake could. He bent down a bit to address it more face-to-face. "Did you know you weren't a real sssnake?"

"No idea."

"Apologiesss."

"I don't mind, if it meansssss I can go back to my nap."

Harry was pretty sure that was just death, or the fake-snake equivalent of death, but decided not to comment out of politeness.

"Would you be my companion until you return to your nap then?" He liked this one, it wasn’t like the mantle snakes nor the boa at the zoo—this one was definitely dumber and that kind of made him very endearing. Like a duckling cluelessly about to walk out into traffic, he had the urge to scoop him up. Though urges aside he was under no illusion that a snake was anything like a duckling so he figured asking permission was best.

He bent down and opened his hands in invitation but let the creature choose for himself, and as expected the snake gave a soft hiss, the equivalent of a serpent hum, as it slithered immediately toward him.

"I ssssssuppose I don't have anything better to do. I'm very venomousssss you know, is there ssssomeone I can bite?"

"Not at this moment, maybe another time."

"Ssssounds good. You're warm blooded yesss? Thisssss will be great, I can have another nap."

"Pleassse do." Harry was highly amused as it curled itself into his hands and let itself be picked up, then slithered and bobbed like a curious cat until Harry let it up on his shoulder, where it immediately wiggled around to get comfortable. That nap-position ended up being loosely around his neck, just under the collar of his shirt and well out of sight thanks to a mental thought ensuring his invisibility cloak made any stray exposed black scales disappear from view. The scales were smooth and quickly became warm against his skin, so it was oddly nice actually.

"Yessss, that's the ssspot." It sighed contentedly, muscular body writhing once like he was settling in for a long nap—it was enough that Harry almost yawned too, since he already felt like a nap himself from the blood test ritual taking so much out of him.

All situated and reminded of his desire to get back to the castle, he looked up once more to see all three Malfoys staring at him.

Mrs. Malfoy smiled politely at best. Draco and Mr. Malfoy on the other hand, both did that look-away-quickly thing like the ceiling was suddenly going to start raining on them and they were rightfully surprised by that odd turn of events.

Huh. Guess it’s genetic.

000

Snape was indeed waiting on them when they got back to the castle, but spared no words as they immediately fled the Headmaster’s office. Given the risk of it all (not knowing if the Headmaster would suddenly come back early or not, for one) the lack of hesitation was probably a good thing. Harry pulled the edge of his invisibility cloak up his neck some, just in case the Potions master spotted his new living accessory, but the bat simply disappeared down the hall as soon as the gargoyle slid shut behind them.

He didn’t ask, he barely looked at them, he just walked away.

There was no way he wasn’t curious though, or…

“Does he know?” He turned to Draco as they walked a much calmer pace back down the hall—vaguely towards the Great Hall since they might’ve been able to snag some very late breakfast after the hell of the morning it’d been. Not that Harry was exactly hungry but some tea at, say, the Hufflepuff table where he could have a nice conversation about nothing important sounded rather lovely.

Oh wait, I have a snake on me… maybe we shouldn’t be wandering too close to non-Slytherins right now.

“That you’re a parselmouth? Yeah, I couldn’t get him to help without telling him.” He blond admitted. “He also knew this was for a blood test, but he didn’t ask for details.”

“Are you going to tell him?”

“Not unless he asks and not unless he has a really good reason for me to share. He was a right pain about helping in the first place.” Draco pouted slightly, which dragged a small smile to Harry’s lips.

“Well, I guess I wouldn’t mind if you could get a perfect Potions grade or something out of the deal. If you could work me not failing into the bargain too, I’d appreciate it.”

“Ha. I doubt even handing him a copy of your bloodline tree outright would get that.” The blond snickered.

Harry was cut off from responding when they turned the corner, and surprise of all surprises they found Nott casually leaning against the corridor wall, a very familiar looking sleek object under his arm.

“Is that my broom!? The hell are you doing!?” Draco’s indignant cry confirmed Harry’s suspicions, but Theo just rolled his pale eyes and held it out as if this were the world’s biggest chore for him.

“Quidditch try outs got pushed back. You can still make it if you go right now—also you owe me one now.”

“Really!?” Harry lit up at the sudden good news, but Draco didn’t even hesitate as he snatched the offered broom and took off down the hallway without a backwards glance.

“Fine, I owe you!” He called distractedly over his shoulder as he bolted, Harry laughing lightly after him as he turned to Theo—who just rolled his eyes again.

“Tell me you didn’t do that out of the kindness of your heart?”

“Of course not, but I’m not telling him that.”

“Did you even do it?”

“No, but I’m taking credit.”

“Fair… can I ask who?”

“No. Flint made the call to push it back a couple hours—maybe someone did something, maybe he just did it arbitrarily.” The tone implying even if he did know of some deal going on, he was not about to give anything away.

“Alright then.” Harry grinned, not even bothered by the lack of communication. Draco might have a chance to get on the team then, he didn’t have to choose between his friend or his passion after all.

There was some nervousness about it, since if someone had done this to try and get something out of the Malfoy heir by doing him this favor and hoping Draco felt obligated enough to repay in kind, it might back him into a corner he didn’t want to be in. But, Draco had jumped at the chance and hadn’t looked back, so foolish as it may be… like Harry reaching out to Mr. Greengrass, maybe it was simply worth the risk in Draco’s mind.

Despite the undercurrent of uneasiness, there was still an intense amount of relief in this turn of good fortune. He only hoped Draco’s skill lived up to the (his) hype and he actually made it on the team.

The fact his first quidditch match of the year might be against Draco lifted his spirits significantly.

“Were you headed to breakfast?” Nott asked, and honestly Harry was pretty interested in just going back to bed right now (the morning had taken a lot out of him) but… his new friend hiding under his collar meant going back to the lion’s tower was likely a bad idea. With the cloak there was a chance no one would notice, but if they did…

The concern also reminded him that he needed to talk to Blaise before the guy got bored of keeping secrets and started gossiping without permission. He needed to think of what to say to Blaise in the first place even but… sooner was definitely better.

Also, he wanted to be able to congratulate Draco, or at least be there for him if it didn’t turn out so well once try-outs were done.

“Can I hang out in the Slytherin dorm for a bit? That was… a lot. Don’t think I’m ready for Gryffindor right now.” He admitted, and thankfully Theo just nodded blankly like he didn’t care either way, turning to walk in the right direction and Harry following suit at a calm pace. The snake around his neck shifted some in the draft castle air and he lifted his collar a bit once more to shield him. He considered giving it a name, even in just his own head, but if it was going to disappear in a couple hours that seemed like a waste somehow.

“Interesting time?” Was all Theo asked about it as they went.

“For sure.” Harry blew out a tried breath, the understatement that was making him even wearier. “I believe I need to have a conversation with Blaise when he’s free.”

“He took off after breakfast and I didn’t ask, so Merlin knows when he’ll be back.” Another eye roll which Harry smiled at, and they just walked in compatible silence through the halls.

The lack of tension, urgency, or even obligation to talk was actually really nice, too.

He felt more open to talking when no one was pestering him about it, and despite his calm, cool, and collected act, Theo had been the one who’d almost fainted when he’d first spoken to the mantle snakes. Blaise was the one he was doing business with, but he knew Theo wanted an answer almost as bad. He was either just too respectful to pester him by asking, or he knew he had nothing to trade for that information and wasn’t even going to embarrass himself by trying.

Despite how uninvolved he claimed to be, he had come up to the second flood with Draco’s broom to give him news he wanted to hear, and was going to let Harry into the Slytherin dorm with no fight. Both could be argued to also benefit him somehow (Draco would feel indebted by the gesture, he could keep Harry close to get information out of him, etc)… but for some reason Harry’s instinct was saying that was not all there was.

It could be the main reason obviously, but there was also something else to it, Harry was sure.

“I know you’re not going to ask but… I did find some answers. Should probably tell Blaise first but, I don’t think it’s nearly as bad as I was dreading it’d turn out to be. I think.”

One blue iris flickered to side-eye him as he spoke, before looking ahead casually.

“That’s a slight relief.” He paused, a long couple seconds as if considering before continuing. “I was under the impression a blood test could be a bit… unpleasant.”

“Yeah, can confirm. Turns out there’s a potion to cure you of the effects mostly, though I had to ask for it specifically.” He sighed in annoyance.

“Oh.” He blinked. “I wonder if that’s… common.”

“If it is I’m about to get really pissed.”

Theo gave a soft scoff which Harry thought was probably his version of a laugh, and perked up. “Not gonna lie, I’m exhausted though.”

“I can only imagine.”

They walked in comfortable silence the rest of the way, Harry automatically stopping several meters before where he knew the door was so Theo could use the password in peace, still hyper-aware that he was a guest here. He had a feeling a lot of his… welcomeness in this dorm balanced on the fact he did not make himself at home exactly. Him knowing the password would probably get whoever ended up spilling it in trouble, so he was fully planning to go to his grave pretending he didn’t know it, even if he somehow did pick it up.

It wasn’t until he was passing by Theo as the Slytherin held the door open for him to pass into that he got close enough for the sharp-eyed bookworm to notice his… obvious addition.

He didn’t shout, thankfully since there were people milling about the common room in front of them, minding their own business, but Harry noticed him freeze solid and the fact he was staring blatantly at his neck was kind of a big give away.

He blushed a bit and pulled his collar up pointedly.

“Um… it’s a serpensortia; Mr. Malfoy showed me. Er… another reason not to go back to Gryffindor just yet.”

Theo… nodded after a long pause and just lead the way into the common room as if that hadn’t just happened, which Harry was thankful for.

000

While probably not the best location, Harry found himself unable to keep his eyes open as he dozed lightly in what felt like the middle of the Slytherin common room. Because of how the different areas were segmented, each little sitting area was its own personal, semi-private bubble, so while he knew he was literally in “enemy” territory, it didn’t seem to matter. Not to his weary eyes at least.

Despite it still being pretty warm weather for early fall, the castle was drafty and the fireplace they were sitting in front of was cozy as hell. Theo had plopped himself down into what was clearly “his” chair as he curled up like a cat, unearthing a book from seemingly nowhere and diving in, totally content to ignore his guest as Harry occupied the equally cozy armchair across from him. Theo had agreed to let him hang out in the Slytherin dorm, he did not agree to entertain or talk to him and honestly Harry was totally fine with that—he’d had enough talking for now, and he knew there’d be plenty to do later that he wasn’t much looking forward to.

The silence was in no way awkward as it never seemed to be with Theo, the fireplace crackling and the magically muffled murmurings of conversations happening in other sitting areas were amazing background noises that seemed to lull him right off of consciousness. The snake curled around his neck was snoring soft, hissing snores and had warmed up to his own body temperature, which despite the lack of fur was honestly kind of cuddly and comforting. Not to mention his body was blatantly exhausted after the bloodline ritual despite the potion curing him of the discomfort of it all, it’d still gone through some major events. If anything the relief of it all being over was enough to make his limbs limp in blessed relaxation after the tense morning.

He’d had half a thought not to fall asleep out here and had pulled out Dell’s journals to try and read a bit to get his mind off things. But… he wasn’t even sure how many pages he’d actually read, much less if he’d actually absorbed any of the words on the page and not just stared at her handwriting blankly, before he was suddenly blinking blearily back to consciousness at a sudden motion nearby. It had been a solid surprise nap and he had no idea how long it had really been, but Theo had not budged from his position across from him, nor did he do more then shoot one sharp glance at their interruption before going back to his text, pointedly ignoring it.

Wherever Harry had drifted off to was cut off sharply by voices coming into their area, suddenly becoming clear as the muffling enchantments gave way to the newcomer’s approach.

“Well what did you expect; I told you that you should’ve offered to buy their brooms.” It was a surprise to see Tracy Davis herself, close enough to their alcove for her voice to be heard, but the reason was clear enough in that she was talking to Draco—his hair was wet and he’d changed his robes, so he’d clearly gone to try outs and gotten cleaned up already. The Malfoy heir was obviously intending to sit down with him and Theo, and Davis had followed to continue their conversation.

“And as I told you, there was no need. Clearly.” He sneered, chin up proudly—which told Harry all he needed to know.

“Congratulations then,” he smiled and Draco flashed him a grin while Davis rolled her eyes and just walked away rather than acknowledge him.

“Watch your back, Malfoy.” She called behind her uncaringly, and the blond just scoffed openly although she was already gone.

“Not a chance.” He huffed under his breath as he stole the chair beside Harry’s. Upon his questioning look he explained. “She was also at try outs. She likes quidditch: she’s not that good.”

“How much does good mean in comparison to politics?” He asked, sitting up straight again and trying to subtly stretch the nap out of his muscles. Embarrassingly enough he had to bite down on a yawn too.

Draco frowned as he considered the question.

“I mean politics matter but winning is the most important thing. People want to be on a winning team, not just on the team—Flint would be a lunatic if he let politics dictate all his captain duties because then he’d just be the captain who couldn’t lead Slytherin to victory.”

“I mean he’s still going to be that captain, but I see your point.” Harry smirked.

“Over my dead body.” He immediately snapped back, but also couldn’t help but grin at the reminder.

Because just going off the context clues, he’d made it.

“What was that about the brooms then?”

Draco waved that off in annoyance. “That’s politics. I could’ve bribed my way onto the team by getting them all the new Nimbus 2001 series, but there’s more reasons not to. And it didn’t matter: I knew they’d all get them anyway and true to form they all had them at tryouts today.”

“Not sure if you care but you would’ve gotten a ton of flack from the Gryffindors for that too. More than typical, I mean.”

“Yeah I definitely don’t care about that, but the point remains.” He dismissed that promptly as he settled back into his chair. Harry smiled fondly over the decision anyway although he doubted he was in any way part of it.

Draco let his talent instead of his father’s money do the talking instead, which Harry liked quite a bit honestly. He wouldn’t have judged Draco either way, not out loud at least, since there could’ve been a million political reasons to do it the bribing way, but he was happy it’d worked out like this instead. The Gryffindor part of him was much happier at least—now having a solid grasp of the Malfoy elders it was easier on his nerves that he was doing things himself and not needing to lean or involve his parents, who could have a million of their own ulterior motives going on even with their own son. This way, it was Draco himself who’d achieved something and the pride he felt for his friend was purer than if it’d been tainted by worry at the strings his father’s money came with.

“In any case, if I’d bribed my way onto the team, strategically the person Flint would’ve kicked off to have me on would’ve been Higgs.”

“Terence Higgs? The seeker?” Harry blinked. “You don’t play seeker.”

“I’m awesome at every position, thanks.” He snarked, but there was no heat or conviction behind his sarcasm. “But yeah no, I’ve only been training my whole life to be a chaser, so that would’ve sucked. I mean I’d still love to be on the team no matter what role I got but given the nature of the role and the pressure, with my lack of training… yeah that would’ve sucked.”

“Don’t get me wrong, going head to head with you like that would’ve been fantastic—but mostly because I can definitely beat you when you’re playing my position instead of the one you’re actually good at.”

“Seems like a hollow victory.”

“I’m a hollow person—I like winning; don’t care about the details.”

Theo scoffed lightly into his book as Draco rolled his eyes.

“You should’ve been in Slytherin.” The blond complained.

“People keep saying that.” He mused playfully, earning yet another eye roll. “So politically speaking you didn’t replace anyone right? They had an opening after Montague.”

Both Slytherins smiled automatically at the reminder briefly before Draco waved his hands enthusiastically.

“We did have competition: Pucey is one of the current beaters but same deal, he got onto the team somehow but beater wasn’t his preferred role, he also wanted the open chaser spot. I got it though, so he’s stuck as beater which he’s fine with, I guess? Not thrilled and also he’s not half as aggressive as Flint wants him to be so I’m sure there’ll be some kind of switch or something before games actually start.” He ranted a bit.

The Slytherin quidditch team alliance was a concept Harry was more than familiar with at this point—it was no secret amongst Slytherin house (or the rest of the school if they cared to pay attention to it, which they didn’t) and it had been the center of Draco’s attention for the past several weeks leading up to try-outs. He hadn’t quite understood the gravity of it last year, but he sure as hell had had plenty of deeper in-depth conversations about it since he’d gone after Montague last year—him being part of the alliance and him also having been dropped like a sack of potatoes meant a lot more than Harry had originally realized. Blaise in particular still liked to talk in lofty, breathlessly happy tones about the boy’s demise and was delighted to fill him in on all the intricacies about why it was so entertaining that Harry had initially missed.

Adrian Pucey and Terence Higgs were outer members of the alliance—they got onto the team in their own ways not strictly related to their talent so they were clearly useful to the alliance. Both were dark, but more… Theo level dark. So, dark, as in to hell with the Ministry and it's stupid laws, but were mainly after self-preservation and success, not so much because of any belief system they may or may not buy into. Pucey was in the twins’ year level and Higgs was a fifth year so they’d played against them both a lot and confirmed they were the least of their worries—average players and also decent (ish) enough for Slytherins in their opinions. They were about appearances and politics and success, and also apparently had a passion for quidditch while they were at it, but they weren’t exactly death eaters in training.

The same could not be said about Marcus Flint the captain. Harry had a healthy distance and education about Slytherin politics and was starting to be able to tell the difference between those that chose to be dark because it was the safest, quickest way to power and success in certain situations, and those who didn’t give a shit about idealistic things like that and were dark for, well, appropriately dark reasons. It was one thing to play the part and be arrogant and self-centered—it was another to genuinely truly believe certain people were scum beneath your heel and deserved to suffer simply for being beneath you.

Draco, Blaise, Theo… they wouldn’t be hanging out with Hermione for either appearance’s sake or simply because they genuinely just didn’t like muggleborns, but none of them would go out of their way to hex her because they honestly, earnestly hated her as a person (Blaise might if he discovered some arbitrary bit of blackmail on her, but that was kind of different—he wouldn’t be violent about it, even if he would absolutely be cruel). They had appearances to maintain and also had some beliefs Harry didn’t agree with about the sort of people they chose to hang out with, but they didn’t want Hermione specifically to just up and die. They didn’t care about her enough to have those kind of thoughts, probably. Not to say they would care if she did up and die randomly, but they wouldn’t care if she didn’t either—they cared absolutely zero, essentially.

People like Flint though…

Flint would throw a hex just because he could. Just because he hated muggleborns and thrived off their suffering.

If Voldemort was still around and recruiting death eaters, he wouldn’t be one of those who joined out of social pressure or fear or to protect loved ones—no he’d join freely, willingly, and damn near gleefully probably.

Given he was the captain of both the team and the alliance apparently, he really set the tone for how the alliance was run and what it acted on. Given how strong and influential it was within Slytherin house, branching into almost every year level and made up of several big pureblood names of different reputations and strengths… it was a big dominating force in Slytherin politics. And all that meant Marcus Flint was a Big ProblemTM that no one could really do much about.

The only saving grace—so says Blaise and to which Theo looked like he vehemently agreed—was that Flint was apparently dumb as a rock. He had the control pretty much by dumb luck and being good at quidditch, but a lot of the larger schemes the alliance got up to was definitely not his idea, and if he claimed anything was of his own creation, then the most common belief was that someone has just tricked him into thinking it was his idea in the first place. He was one of those loud trouble-makers who picked fights and forced other Slytherins to follow his lead in front of the other houses in the name of appearing as a united house, but there was a lot of mumblings here and there about how bloody annoying that was. Harry was amused to note that several people seemed to have beef with specific Gryffindors only because Flint picked a fight for them and now were pissed a Gryffindor had hexed them or gotten one over on them—in a fight they hadn’t wanted to participate in, in the first place!

Thankfully his dethroning of Montague had rattled Slytherin enough to pause a bit more when Harry was in the vicinity, regardless of what Flint was up to. They had to walk a fine line of course, but the less fights that got started the less grudges got started too—and long term that was a good thing.

The rest of the Slytherin quidditch team alliance wasn’t any less of a problem either though. The other beater, Lindsay Gold, was actually a half-blood seventh year who came from a family of cut-throat businessmen and women—not even Draco could confirm what her family even did though and Blaise had only grinned far too evilly when he heard that question so Harry had promptly decided he didn’t want to know. She was aggressive enough for Flint’s liking which had bad written all over it—Harry remembered many bludgers coming his way courtesy of Ms. Gold so he was extremely on guard with her.

Miles Bletchley was the keeper Harry actually didn’t know much about aside from he played almost as dirty as Flint in a game and was on his shit list only for being a terrible sport and an infuriatingly competent goal-blocker. The last was Cassius Warrington, who was frankly the tallest Slytherin Harry knew of, towering over pretty much everyone despite only being a fourth year. He had a face like stone that was permanently set to a neutral expression of an angry scowl and was typically right beside Flint when the seventh year was picking fights. He was actually a pretty decent chaser but Harry was thinking he was likely more Flint-level-dark then anything else which wasn’t good. Both Warrington and Bletchley had the pureblood status dark-leaning people loved and matching family businesses/inheritances you couldn’t scoff at, so both were troublesome players in the political game.

These people all aligned was… yeah, Harry saw how big of a deal it was now that he’d been doing this for a while. He really wanted to ask what Draco was going to do now that he’d made the team—yes the guy loved quidditch but he couldn’t not see the kind of opportunities he was presented with right now and be tempted at least a little bit. Dark as the alliance was, it was powerful as hell and the kinds of things he could do with this…

Well, if Harry were in the same position he’d be plotting hard right about now. Draco hadn’t told him anything but he trusted his friend had something planned, and would just wait for him to share it when he was ready—or if he wanted to share, that is. He really hoped Draco would though because the curiosity was undying.

“Sounds like you beat a lot of people out though.” He noted, if both Tracy and Pucey had gone out it wasn’t just up for the taking then.

“Several, I think there was about twelve people total.” Draco puffed up proudly, and you know Harry could let him have this one: it was entirely his achievement and he’d done it successfully.

“Congratulations again then, I look forward to beating you.”

“Oh ha,” He rolled his eyes. “What have you been up to then this morning?”

“Oh, uh… not much.” He confessed, suddenly realizing he still didn’t know what time it was. If twelve people had tried out and Draco still had time to change afterwards, it’d definitely been a while.

He didn’t want to confess he’d just fallen asleep like a child, and pointedly ignored Theo who was smirking into his book. For once Harry was thankful he just stayed quiet with his knowledge.

“Was reading a bit but really just waiting around for Blaise for obvious reasons.”

“Right,” Draco blew out a breath, leaning back slightly as if the better part of his day wore off to remind him there was still business to be done after this morning. “How’s your new friend then?”

“Awake against his will is seems,” Harry smiled in amusement as he placed a hand pointedly over his collar, having tuned it out mostly but definitely aware of the soft grumbles beneath his ear about people talking too loudly over his nap. At his touch he felt the snake writhe a bit and poke his head up to see what was happening.

Draco just shook as head as he caught sight of it as if he still couldn’t believe that had happened.

"You can't go back to Gryffindor tower with that thing, they'll flay you alive."

“No need to tell me that.”

"Potter." A new voice cut in brightly, and the man they’d been waiting on finally appeared, Blaise smugly leaning between his and Draco’s armchairs casually. “To what do we owe the honor? And what have we done with the lions now that's upset them?"

"Nothing yet, Draco is just concerned my new friend will earn me some hassle when I go back." Harry deflected the probe for gossip a bit too politely to believed, and sure enough the tall Slytherin cocked a rather snarky brow at him.

"New friend?"

Theo pulled his book up over his face when Harry grinned as mischievously as he knew how.

"Sir, this boy just insssulted sssnakes. Could you ssscare him a bit for me?"

"Eh? He DARESSS?" The curious probing head instantly reared up, popping out of his collar and hissing violently in the shake equivalent of a bellow—less than a foot in front of Blaise’s face where he was leaning over his armrest. “WHERE ISSS HE!?”

Blaise flailed, remarkably managing to not make a sound although had he been a lesser man he probably would’ve shrieked given the expression on his face. To his credit he gave a wild spasm of his whole body—and given how bloody tall he was that was quite the motion—and did a neat hop almost a full meter back. As he landed he had both hands over his heavily-breathing chest and was staring wide-eyed indignation and shock at the snake, as if he were an old century woman who’d just been flashed somehow.

“Oh my god,” Draco scoffed loudly before dissolving into laughter, and Harry couldn’t help but join him at least briefly before stroking the angry snakes head to calm it down, feeling more bad about riling the fake-creature up than scaring Blaise to be honest.

"Ssservesss him right!"

"Indeed. Thank you, Sir."

He gave a silent huff and glared at Blaise once more for good measure before sinking back down into his collar and snuggling up to his warmth once more.

Blaise, for his part, continued to stare as he processed what had just happened while Draco was almost crying on the seat beside him.

"…what the hell, Potter."

“I’m impressed you didn’t scream.” Harry had to admit, even if it was complimenting Blaise it was the truth. Boy had composure at the weirdest of times.

"It's a serpentosia, it'll fade in a couple hours but he can't go back to Gryffindor like that." Draco finally collected himself enough to wipe away a tear and explain.

Blaise made a face. “That’s not the only reason—you have approximately five minutes to spill before our deal expires and I go tell everyone. You siccing a snake on me only makes my motivation stronger,” He snarked, finding his way to the remaining seat left in the area and holding himself tall like he hadn’t just flailed like a loon. He did make an almost pointedly large arc away from where Harry was sitting though, much to his amusement.

“Don’t be like that, I’ve been in this seat for hours—where were you then?”

“Classified,” He drawled uncaringly, sinking with regal posture into his seat that in no way looked comfy. “And I don’t care where you’ve been, now you’re on my time. So spill.”

“Impatient much,” he rolled his eyes but gave a large breath. He felt… well still kind of blank about the whole thing to be honest, but the nap was nice, Draco’s success was a nice pick me up, and scaring Blaise had been the cherry on top. No time like now to get into this when he felt relatively fine for once.

“Okay so… yes, it is… a distant relation. Very, very distant.” He admitted, and noted Theo’s book had at some point vanished and he was acting like he’d always been part of this conversation. That was kind of amusing.

He did not need to elaborate on what relation he was talking about since both seemed to press their lips a bit more in consideration. Killer poker faces of course, especially since they’d all been half thinking this was going to be the case for a week now. The surprising part though…

"Apparently Salazar Slytherin's youngest daughter was believed to be sterile—she never had kids. Or, we thought she didn't. She was a squib so probably disowned or at the very least hidden, and every one of her descendants henceforth was muggle."

Blaise's eyes bugged out, while Theo blinked as if he hadn’t quite heard that right.

"Woah, woah, woah… you're telling me it's not connected to the Potter line? That it was your muggleborn mom's side!?"

"We saw it, clear as day." Draco confirmed simply, earning an almost comical double take at the news.

"The whole line is non-magical until my mother—she’s the first witch since Salazar's daughter herself." He explained a bit more, watching their reactions carefully.

"That…"

Clearly, he was not sure what to make of that. None of them were, it seemed, as they sat in silence for a moment to take that in.

It wasn’t a direct line of course, but to have a magical ancestor like Salazar Slytherin to then be muggle for centuries… the pureblood in them was probably having a conniption trying to figure out what to think of that. Or at the very least trying to figure out what they should be thinking about it. Harry most certainly hadn’t had time to really ponder over what he himself thought about it yet, so it wasn’t like they could take their cues from him either.

“Okay, so… you are Slytherin’s heir. Or one of them, but it’s not like… previous allegations were exactly wrong either. With how a blood test works, no wizard since Slytherin himself has been able to produce a blood test to prove previous thoughts wrong.” Theo spoke slowly as if he were thinking out loud, and Blaise narrowed his eyes as if wondering if he should buy into that or not.

“Except for my mother apparently who probably never took one. Or four.” Harry admitted.

Blaise raised a brow incredulously. “You took four blood tests?”

“Three, but yeah that… was probably not good.” Draco admitted. “Turns out there’s a potion to fix it though.”

“Really?”

“You have to ask for it specifically, the goblins don’t just give it to you.”

“Really? Bloody hell,” And yes, Blaise looked very pissed about that news, so Harry suspected there’d been many blood tests or goblin rituals Slytherin families took part in that would’ve made curing potions extremely worthwhile. Maybe he should mention to Axeclaw how much some purebloods would be willing to pay for those potions if he could remember to offer them up front.

“The nap makes more sense then.” Even Theo was looking at him rather sympathetically.

“What nap?” Draco frowned and Harry brushed by that topic real quick before Blaise could catch interest too.

“The point being yeah, Theo is probably right. I am also a Slytherin heir, ignoring any others out there who claim similarly. I would have no way of confirming that from my particular blood tree which isn’t information worth doing anything with. It also explains the parseltongue and is honestly a relief that the relation is so distant and direct, not… something closer to this generation.”

Meaning chances were unless Voldemort also had a muggle parent—and given his rhetoric that was laughable—he probably wasn’t descended from the same squib daughter of Salazar Slytherin. He was probably claiming lineage from one of the other well-known children who had very magical bloodlines for centuries before getting lost in the muddle of a pureblood intermarrying-web, meaning Harry’s own relation to him was removed by literally dozens and dozens and dozens of generations. In fact he hadn’t even inherited much of Slytherin’s own magical signature so they were even more far removed still—magically and physically and every other way.

For all intents and purposes, he wasn’t related to Voldemort and fucking hell was that a relief.

“Realistically yes, but it’s still the same family line even its far removed and from a mostly muggle family at that. It’s the superstitions that will make this important.” Theo frowned, and Harry almost felt that fly right over his head.

“Excuse me? Superstitions? What superstitions?”

“It’s stupid.” Theo confirmed. “But most old families tend to half-heartedly believe it even if they know it’s not true. Like crossing yourself when you spill salt—it’s been proven that’s bullshit even in the magical world but almost everyone still does it.”

“It’s a thing amongst purebloods, about family magic. Like today, with you inheriting the Monroe family name—you inherited their magic now too.” Draco explained a bit more clearly. Harry did recall that… he was happy he seemed to have a huge dose of Monroe family magic over his name instead of merely his father’s or (clearly) his mother’s line. “The Monroe family was an Ancient and Noble house, they can will magic to people. Not every bloodline can.”

“Really?” He blinked, not having even considered that. “But I know others have… at the risk of sharing too much, my account manager at Gringotts said many people have willed me inheritance since many family heirs were killed off in the war.”

Blaise raised one brow but shrugged. “If someone wills you magical inheritance, it isn’t like gifting you sudden magical capacity or skill. I doesn’t do anything to you actually—it means your children and your bloodline after you would now have a mix of many seemingly foreign magical signatures not from either parent. It’s actually pretty common honestly, childless witches and wizards with nieces, nephews, godchildren, friends’ kids they want to inherit a piece of their magical signature—it happens all the time. Pretty sure I got a few from a couple of Mother’s exes.”

Grim as that extremely nonchalant admission was, Harry did feel slightly less weird about so many apparently willing him things—Axeclaw most certainly hadn’t phrased it like that last year.

“Monroe is different though. There were only ever seven Ancient and Noble houses, and Monroe was one of them. Now Potter is too.” Theo got back on point.

“It’s because I avenged them, yeah?”

“Right of The Conqueror.” Draco shrugged, and seeing Harry’s questioning look continued. “It’s one of the ancient magics; not very useful actually but has its own prestige in a way. ‘Whoever kills the beast, owns the beast’ is a saying you’ll hear tossed about a lot too—an act of revenge or victory from someone of noble lineage triggers it. So if someone of a noble house kills a magical beast, that beast is theirs. Similarly, Monroe was wiped out and by killing the one responsible your bloodline as a noble one got the spoils—meaning everything Monroe left behind if there was anything to get. Since they were an Ancient and Noble house, that means their magic. Technically only Ancient houses can transfer magic to someone while they’re still alive—in every other situation the gift is for the recipients children who aren’t born yet. I’m sure you actually avenged many bloodlines that night the dark lord fell, but you wouldn’t know it—your kids would though.”

Harry tried to absorb that, flashing back to some of Daphne’s lessons and realizing the gap he’d been missing.

“The Potter line was a noble line, so the fact I of noble blood—somehow—committed a magical act of victory against the person who happened to wipe out a family of ancient blood whose magic could be transferred… then it did.”

“Essentially, yes.” Draco nodded.

“So there are only seven Ancient and Noble houses but I take it there are a ton of Ancient or Noble houses.”

“Yep. They’re all over the place—Ancient houses are, obviously, old as hell. Noble houses are a bit pickier—you can actually gain nobility for your house in your lifetime but you can also lose it. Wielding a noble weapon, performing some noble magic—the ways are countless although in modern days it’s less common. Most fancy noble weapons have been locked up tight in vaults for centuries and the specifics on what is considered noble magic have long since become archaic. It doesn’t change much these days.” The blond waved it off.

“But getting back to the point here, Ancient and Noble houses aren't titled that way just for sounding awesome, you know." Blaise pointed out bluntly. "They say Ancient families, which Slytherin definitely is, have inherited magic from their long line of ancestors, and it's not limitless. That's the joke about why Longbottom seems to struggle so much—all his old relatives are still alive and eating up most of the family magic. In reality it works over generations, not just because your grandparents are alive or anything, but the saying goes that the first born always has the most magic because there's only so much in a generation able to be given out. That's why a lot of pureblood families only have one child, as the common belief is that the second will have less magic as there is inherently less family magic available after the birth of the first.”

Theo huffed quietly, giving Harry a pointed look. “Yet another reason the Weasleys get a lot of shit, though one of the more pointless, superstitious reasons for sure. Even by my standards and I don’t even like them."

"I think I get it… I think."

"It's a pureblood superstition that's never been confirmed. And pureblood families have a lot of those to be sure, but that one is a bit ridiculous even for the most zealous of families." Blaise rolled his eyes, before pausing as if considering if over once more. "But why would your mother's line be muggle until her? It wouldn't not make sense that the other lines had just finally died out enough to give her side a share of the family magic. The Dark Lord probably wanted to be the sole heir and did a good job ensuring he was the only one. That he knew of at least."

"Well, if you remember he did try and kill me as a baby for no apparent reason other than that he hated my parents in particular." Harry countered just as skeptically.

"He… did go personally." Theo allowed, rather quietly.

There was a tense pause as the three Slytherins exchanged significant looks. It didn’t take much for Harry to fill in the dots either even though he hadn’t grown up around potentially death eater adults: Voldemort probably could’ve, probably usually, sent death eaters to do his dirty work for him. But no, the night Lily and James Potter died, he was there personally.

As if it was personal—enough to warrant going himself when you didn’t have to be a Ravenclaw to realize at that point in the war he didn’t need to do anything personally at all. His sudden downfall at the hands of a toddler had been sensational news not just for the good thing it was, but also because up until that night, Voldemort had been winning the war.

He had the people, the resources, the power. Everything had been going his way and he’d been winning—only to suddenly choke in the eleventh hour it seemed. Why would he have gone personally to kill an infant? Of the many men, women, and children he’d killed, why had he chosen that night to go himself instead?

If it was personal… if it had to be by his own hand… there were only so many known reasons for why that could possibly be, and Theo’s implication that this might be one of those reasons wasn’t wrong by any means. It was just very twisted, but at this point Harry’s opinion of Voldemort literally could not be lower so it wasn’t a shock.

"So… maybe that was part of it. He wanted to erase the family side-branches so he would have all the family magic." He put together.

"It doesn't really work that way. First of all, how the hell could he have known you were also a descendant in the first place? And secondly, he was already born, he can't retroactively gain more family magic just by killing family members. So at best he was ensuring his child would be the strongest since Slytherin himself—and pardon me while I barf at that thought." Blaise—the untouchable Slytherin and possibly one of the only people who could get away with saying something like that—mimicked barfing and still somehow looked composed while he did it.

"Same." Draco and Theo chorused almost immediately, but they were much quieter and reserved about it.

“We can speculate all we like but I’m sure the longer we sit here the more theories we can come up with. Just because it makes sense doesn’t make it true.” Theo brushed off the conversation in its entirety, and the other two Slytherins seem to automatically agree as they leaned off. Harry perked up, since that sounded like one of those common Slytherin sayings that Theo was just repeating, and it was an interesting one for sure.

“Well if we’re not speculating then we are planning.” Blaise announced, locking his gaze onto Harry’s pointedly. “I’m going to tell the whole school. You know I have to.” He sniffed dryly like that was obvious, which yeah, it kind of was. “But since I’ve been cornered into a deal then how would you like me to tell everyone?”

Harry sat back in his chair at gave that direct question some last minute consideration. He had been thinking about it on and off, even when he was procrastinating he couldn’t exactly shake off this looming event of the whole school learning about his ability. He knew what he wanted, he just only had a vague outline of how to actually go about getting it—and maybe he should let Blaise have some creative license in how he went about doing it then and just leave the details to him. He was a gossip whore after all, he was probably a craftsman of his words and his dealings, so if anyone could do this, it’d be him.

He just had to convince Blaise to want to do it first.

“Alright,” he agreed and they gave him their attention in interest to what he was going to decide on. “You can tell whoever you like, but you need to phrase it like it’s a good thing.”

He announced it plainly, and the three Slytherins exchanged looks again, some which were too subtle for even Harry to gleam much from. He did, however, already kind of guess where their minds would’ve wandered after this discussion and this blunt declaration.

“Look, not that I care about your feelings but… hm, how to say this delicately?” Blaise drawled rather sardonically, but he actually did hesitate as if trying to figure out his words. Harry rolled his eyes and spared him the trouble.

“Let me guess, if the dark lord does come back, given we’re on blatantly opposing sides for obvious reasons, you’re not going to side with me or him. Am I anywhere close?”

All three of them stared at him, openly. Lord knows what Draco and Theo were thinking though as their poker faces were firmly back in place, but Blaise blinked several times rapidly.

“Oh. Well… okay then, so long as you already know.” He shrugged, gesturing for him to continue.

“Yeah, I know.” He sighed a tad morosely.

It was certainly a grim thought, but one he’d first recognized and developed very early into his first year at Hogwarts when he was more actively focused on infiltrating the Slytherin table. He could read the writing on the wall—he wasn’t an idiot who thought that anything he’d done with the Slytherins so far would’ve been possible if the Dark Lord, AKA his blatant enemy, was still around(because there was no way around that solid fact Voldemort wanted him fucking dead and Harry was not even going to pretend for a second the feeling wasn’t absolutely mutual).

Theo was a great example—he was here to survive, no matter his true opinion on the matter. Blaise was untouchable, but that didn’t make his logic any less Slytherin. If it came down to choosing sides in another all-out war where Harry was clearly on one side, with Voldemort on the other and right back in the position of power he used to be over their families… well, Blaise would instantly revert back to true neutral and stay the fuck out of the fight, and the Nott family was well known to be pitch black in alignment. Whatever that meant, Harry hadn’t wormed his way into Slytherin house under the assumption he was going to change any of them. They were still Slytherins. Not once had he ever considered or thought them to be different than they were—that was never the point of befriending them.

The only thing he hadn’t… truly dedicated any hard time or effort into confronting mentally, was Draco.

He… couldn’t think about Draco, in this hypothetical situation. He was too terrified of asking and finding out the answer. Or, simply terrified that his answer might be I don’t know.

He didn’t know what the worst option of the two would be either.

He shoved those thoughts aside quickly and pointedly kept his gaze on Blaise instead of drifting to the side to even catch a glimpse at what Draco’s reaction to this conversation was.

“I’m sure most people who matter would be able to figure that out too. But you’re a self-proclaimed gossip whore and I’m your self-proclaimed friend. It would make sense you’d be thrilled to have a new source of potential gossip, right?”

Blaise pressed his lips together unhappily.

“I guess.”

“And you’ve never denied you only stooped to talking to me because I was interesting. This makes me more interesting, right?”

“I guess…” He grudgingly admitted, but Harry could tell he was being swayed slightly.

“You would have every reason to tell Slytherin house that it’s a good thing because I’m on your side so if they play nice to the two of us it can be for their benefit—I can now find out their secrets and if I’m your friend, that means you can too which would obviously make you happy. And to anyone outside of Slytherin you can simply phrase it like it’s interesting, not that big of a deal. That it would only make sense for The Boy Who Lived to have an ability that would match the dark lord.”

“You hate being called that though.” Draco chimed in, like Harry didn’t already very much know that.

“But I’m not stupid enough to think everyone else doesn’t call me that behind my back anyway.”

“Playing to their expectations… Gryffindor and Hufflepuff would fall for it easily.” Theo acknowledged, also grudgingly impressed it seemed.

“And Ravenclaw would be too analytical about how it’s even possible to be too angry or impressed either way. And I’m totally okay with neutral in this situation.” He raised his hands as if washing himself of this ordeal, and Blaise crossed his arms over his chest in a pout as he mulled the offer over.

After several seconds he seemed to come to his conclusion.

“Okay, you have me mostly convinced. Just one last thing.”

“Oh?”

“Are you on my side? Because if that’s not a lie, all the better.”

Harry gave a wicked grin as he scoffed the question off. “Like I said, I’m a Gryffindor and you’re my friend—your opinion on the matter be damned. I will hold you accountable on most things as good friends should and no I will not let you steam roll me because I now know exactly who you are and what you’ll do if I’m not on my toes… but yes, I am biased towards friends, so I’m on your side Blaise.”

The tall Slytherin was instantly on his feet and clapped his hands together loudly, enough that several others glanced over at the sudden intrusion into their muffled bubbles.

“Well, that settles that! Time to go tell everyone!” He was loud enough and also uncaring enough that there was no way the whole common room hadn’t heard that, and also no way they didn’t see the mild glare he shot down at Harry before he went. “I know I promised but waiting this long has been killing me.”

“I’m sure,” He snickered, and then laughed loudly as Blaise all but skipped away and plopped himself just across the room for his first target. Some seventh years from what Harry could see, and he tried not to let what he knew they were talking about get to him, forcibly shaking it off and turning to Theo as the bookworm piped up.

“I’m not sure that’s wise.” He didn’t sound objecting, but simply rather sage. And yeah, admitting friendship to Blaise Zabini was probably not the best of his life choices so far, but for once it was an honest one he couldn’t precisely regret.

“Gryffindors aren’t typically known for putting wisdom over emotions, and I am one of those since a lot of people keep forgetting.” He pointed out.

Theo gave a brief, but visible smile.

“Fair.” He allowed.

Whether they were going to talk politics some more or move topics, Draco’s stomach took that moment to growl loud enough that they both heard. Looking at the blond though he was staring at the ceiling, ears deep pink in embarrassment.

It was a good reminder though that Harry hadn’t eaten anything today either—and Draco had gone to quidditch try outs so he was probably in even worse shape. Although, he wasn’t sure how many calories a goblin ritual burned but was willing to bet a lot probably.

“Lunch?”

“Please.”

000

The day had been long, but it wasn’t over yet as Harry finally escaped and wearily climbed his way up to Gryffindor tower. He was so tired, he was sad to realize he hadn’t even noticed when his serpensortia friend had vanished from around his neck, but he was also far too tired to even make a mental note to get Draco to teach him that spell ASAP. He’s make more concrete plans later, when he had the mental capacity for something like that.

His lunch had been exceptionally late and so instead of attending dinner he was going to use the rare blissfully sweet silence of an empty lion’s den to collect his thoughts, and then go to bed early. Maybe he’d start tomorrow fresh like today had never happened.

He also wasn’t avoiding the first large gathering where he knew the new rumor of his language abilities would undoubtedly spread like wildfire. The only person he owed a real explanation to, not just having him hear it from a rumor, was Neville. He vowed to wake the boy up early tomorrow morning and clear the air before the rumors got too bad but before Blaise got a some reigns around the rumor mill itself—but tonight he was just too tired to do anything.

A lot had happened, and his mind was buzzing. As the several very important things of equal criticality he’d learned of today were just too much for him right now, his mind settled on one of the quieter, less important things he’d noticed after his conversation about Ancient and Noble houses as he sat at his desk and tiredly brought out a piece of parchment and a quill.

Either they hadn’t noticed or simply didn’t bring it up as being slightly irrelevant to the conversation at hand, but Harry had pulled a rather important piece of information from his mini-lesson there about Ancient and Noble houses.

He’d inherited the Monroe family magic, he could prove that with his blood test this morning. The requirements for inheriting magic from and Ancient and Noble house were to commit and act of magical vengeance or victory against the person who’d wiped them out. Obviously Voldemort had been the perpetrator, and obviously Harry had, somehow, gotten vengeance over him. Killed him or simply reduced him to that ghost… that apparently counted.

And that meant… it was a magical act that had killed Voldemort that night. Not a fluke, not an accident—Harry’s own magic had to have done something. Or his father even, as the only other person with Noble blood in the house that night… but he didn’t think so. He’d have to check, but it sounded from the way Draco phrased it that he inherited the magic… and if James Potter had performed some magic that killed the Dark Lord, Harry wouldn’t have inherited the Monroe family magic since he was already alive, but maybe his kids would’ve instead. The Potter name wasn’t Ancient and Noble that night, none of James Potter’s magic could be willed to his son outside of what he’d given him as his biological father.

Conclusion: Harry Potter had done something with his own magic to kill Voldemort that night.

As for what the hell it was he’d done… that was still as much of a mystery as ever.

But still. He never really considered much on what had happened that night… he was still an orphan, and he was still an orphan who had a ton of problems on his plate and had since pretty much the day he learned his parents hadn’t died in a car accident after all. He understood that the mystery of it all was also part of his fame and intrigue—but most of the time he tried hard to pretend his fame and intrigue didn’t exist so he never spent much time pondering over the fact not even he knew the truth about that night.

He still didn’t think it was worth that much brain power, honestly. As previously mentioned, he was still an orphan and he was still an orphan with a lot more pressing problems and knowing the truth of that night will not change a thing about his current situation. I

But still.

It wasn’t like it was unimportant so he quietly filed this new information away, to ponder over another day.

Today though, he had different plans in mind to occupy his evening before crashing for the night. And then afterwards, he was going to sleep a full night with as many dreamless sleep potions as he could, and then drag Neville out into the quidditch pitch for a full day of football, Gryffindors, and absolutely no more snakes, bloodline talk, or politics until Monday.

He just had one thing to write, before it could slip his mind yet again.

000

Dear Mr. Lupin,

Someone I reasonably trust told me that you were once a friend of my parents, and I thought I'd say hello. So, hello.

I'd love to hear more about my parents if you have the time to tell me, and more about yourself. Also, that person I reasonably trust says you're mostly in the muggle world, and I was kind of curious about how a wizard went about doing that. Actually getting a job in the wizarding world doesn't seem like too much fun the more I think about it so that might be an option.

My owl's name is Hedwig--feed her treats and she won't bite you.

I look forward to hearing back,

Harry Potter-Monroe.



Chapter End Notes

Guys Helen McCrory, the actress who played Narcissa Malfoy, died and now I feel slightly bad for making her character so terrifying. RIP Helen <3





Chapter 47: Book 2 : Envy : 14




Dear Mr. Potter,

A Curious Thing Is a Friend.

We were most intrigued by your letter pertaining to our stone: rest assured we don't blame you in the slightest for Voldemort taking an interest in it, as there have been many a dark lord of the past who went after it in one way or another. We found it quite amusing to hear of your suggestion to remake it because we've actually done such a thing several times already, if you can believe it, but many seem to think the process quite laborious when the truth is far from it. The Hogwarts Headmaster is one of those people. I tend not to correct people who overestimate my abilities, it’s a compliment to the ego.

Albus is an old friend but very concerned in this day and age while we've often been removed from today's coming and goings for many centuries. We destroyed the stone as he suggested and had not planned to tell him about how easy it would be to make it again—it'd be greatly appreciated if you could leave that little tidbit out of your conversations with the Headmaster should you have them. He is quite old himself but unlike Penny and I, he actually ages, and I believe one of the affairs left to get in order is our departure from this day and age is to, let us say, let him overestimate the timeliness of our demise. We shall lay low for a while and resurface in some years with some new Alchemy to show for it—Penny and I wish you much luck in your future endeavors and hope to one day meet you properly in a much different tomorrow. If you can keep our secret, I'd be happy to write occasionally if you have any Alchemy questions—Albus did away with that class for some reason decades ago but it can be a fun time if you know what you're doing. You seem keen enough to bring up the obvious of re-creating the stone, but also genuinely kind enough to consider reaching out about it. If you have even a passing interest I’ve copied a list of potential texts that might interest you.

I am aware letters are often not the safest method of communication, and in that case the blank parchment included is rather special. If you wish to reach out again, write your response on it and when finished, tap your wand on it repeating the first sentence of this correspondence. It’ll make it hard for anyone who doesn’t know the phrase to read what’s written.

Best of luck young man,

Nicholas and Penelope Flammel



000



Dear Mr. Potter-Monroe,

I can’t quite put into words how good it is to hear from you, it was a wonderful surprise to get your letter. I was indeed good friends with both of your parents and you cannot imagine my joy to get a letter from you. I did attempt to reach out through the years, however I was assured you were safe at your aunt's and didn't want to interfere. If I remember what Lily said about Petunia correctly, she probably wouldn't have been too happy with an owl showing up out of nowhere anyway. I hope you are well? Your relatives are okay?

What would you like to know about your parents? I will do my solemn best to describe them however I would think maybe you'd want to know a little more than their favorite subjects or their favorite colors. Red and Defense for your father, blue and Charms and/or Potions for your mother, by the way. It’s been so long I worry the years might’ve blurred my memory a bit, but rest assured my best memories of your parents were when they were about your age. I swear it feels like yesterday. You’re a second year now, I believe? I think your father and I really became good friends about that time as well. Lily and I were some of the more bookworm-ish Gryffindors from the start so we were friends right away starting first year; she always had this amazing way of seeing the best in people, which was good as I was and perhaps still am a tad shy and she wouldn’t take no for an answer when studying for Defense. That was my best subject so she ‘borrowed’ my notes quite often.

Your parents didn’t actually get along most of their time at Hogwarts, if you can believe that. James saw her on the train first year and was instantly obsessed, but she had no time for juvenile pranksters of course! She always was much more clever then all of us, from the very start. It wasn’t until much later when James had done a lot of growing up in about sixth year they stopped bickering enough to realize they were actually suited for each other—it actually surprised us all quite a bit when she finally said yes. James had been asking her out every other week since day one of Hogwarts and she’d gotten very creative in different ways of turning him down and saying ‘no’ for years, so you can imagine the whiplash.

I realize that might make it sound like James was immature and… well honestly yes he was, but weren’t we all? He was extremely talented at Transfiguration although certainly did well in other classes, even if he cared very little for schoolwork. He was a chaser on the quidditch team and a damn good one if you’ll excuse the language, he probably could’ve gone pro if he hadn’t been dead-set on being an auror since he was old enough to know what it was, like both his parents before him. McGonagall would’ve done anything to see him go pro at one point I think—she’s a rather strict teacher but that seems to fly right out the window when it comes to quidditch if you’d noticed.

I think what James was proudest of though, what he might claim himself as his shining traits during his school days, was what a prankster he was. And I mean that very literally. Our group of friends actually, although some were certainly more instigators than others, was very involved in doing more pranks than homework on the average day. If I could kindly request for you not to tell McGonagall the part I played, I will confess about half the banned items on Filch’s list and a good third of the existing rules about curfew and proper behavior in the Great Hall were directly because of some of the mischief we managed to make in seven short years. If Filch gives you an unreasonably hard time simply because of your last name… I am so sorry.

I’m trying to think of things James might find important for your time at Hogwarts… probably most importantly is that access to the kitchen can be found on the bottom floor, east corridor, tickle the pear in the largest fruit painting and a door will open. The house elves in there are happy to give you any treat you want at any time of the day—James was a big treacle tart lover so they always seemed to have one primed and ready for him any time we went. I am not sure I’d condone it but he would likely also say to ensure you pull at least one prank a year to keep things light—don’t waste your life on the boring details. Although in equal part I can almost imagine Lily whacking him over the head for that: she would definitely encourage grades over nonsense, but I’m sure you can find a nice balance between the two. I performed my fair share of pranks alongside James after all, and those were some of the best moments of my life. I never let my grades suffer for it of course, so if it’s possible I’d recommend both?

If you are interested in pranking, we did leave behind a rather useful tool that I think is still locked up in Filch’s office. It’s a map we created that shows the entirety of Hogwarts and quite a bit more if you know how to look. It’s got a lot of tricks to it and if you can manage to get your hands on it, I think you’ll find it worth it for many reasons. We poured our souls into it so if you’re looking to know your father more, it might be invaluable. All you need for it, is the right words.

I’m a bit overwhelmed, it feels like there’s so much I could say about James and Lily, but when faced with writing it all down I don’t know where to begin. How do you encompass two entire people into a single letter? I’ve attached some pictures I had saved of them; we didn’t take too many during our school days unfortunately so they’re kind of hard to find but I hope you don’t already have them. I would be happy to keep thinking of things and write more if you have any other questions or specific stories you’d like to hear… letters are not the most secure method of communication ever and some of our prank stories specifically I may have to edit for young and/or prying ears. Most other things should be fine though.

If you do not wish to continue writing to me, I do completely understand. I do not know if this trusted resource of yours told you about me, but I am a werewolf. Lily, being raised by muggles, didn’t quite understand the gravity of that I don’t think, and since you were also raised mostly in the muggle world you may or may not fully understand it either. In essence the wizarding community sees werewolves as dangerous, which we are to a point of course. One night a month it’s an indisputable fact, although I do my best to get out of people’s way.

I’m sure if you ask around your friends you’ll get a lot of mixed takes, mostly negative. What people think is one thing, but you should know that associating with a werewolf can make any future careers or friendships you might’ve had very difficult. James knew as soon as second year, the clever fool actually figured it out himself given we did share a dorm room, and Lily found out in fifth. Both chose to still by my friend, despite it ensuring that Lily would likely not get to own the shop she one day wanted to open (she never decided on what the shop would be though) and James had half an eye on being Minister even—him publicly standing by me much less just having been friends with me during school back when nobody knew, ensured that would never happen.

But Harry you are not your parents, you’re your own person and I fully understand if you want this to be our last communication, and call this a mistake on your part at best. It is not selfish in any way, there have been some truly selfless people who made a similar choice for the safety or success of their friends and family even. If you have hopes and dreams, I would be heartbroken if you chose anything less then to follow them for your own sake, or if I were the reason you could not reach them.

Thank you for reaching out, it meant the world to hear from you and to know you’re okay. No matter where you go or what you choose, your parents were always a bit insanely, irrationally biased about loving you and would be so incredibly proud of you, no matter who you’ve grown up to be.

All the best,

Remus Lupin



000



Dear Mr. Potter

The gift basket was lovely, thank you kindly for the consideration, though I didn’t think my whisper-down-the-lane message warranted such gratitude. I know Susan told you about my chocolate weak point, and while as a ministry official I must declare that I cannot be bought, I will in fact not say no to chocolate.

It is both refreshing and a bit concerning to hear I have an ally though, especially considering the source of our apparently shared displeasure. You’re Susan’s age but given your note I can only imagine you’re taking more from my words then even I mean so I feel pretty safe in my use of rather vague language. The hat almost put me in Ravenclaw but I talked it out of it—I’m going to take a wild guess and say you had a similar encounter with the snake house?

I can only imagine what grievances you had that made the gift basket worth the investment, but consider me intrigued. I’ve got my own of course and maybe someday we can share a cup of tea to vent our annoyances; bottling it up is never healthy after all although there’s not much to be done given the state of the world.

Let’s keep in touch! Susan has told me all about that football club you started and it sounds fascinating. She was never one for sports so the sudden interest has been a riot. I was a beater myself back in the day so the new conversation topic had been great, although I’m still struggling to understand the rules. Perhaps you could provide me a summary as I’m pretty sure Susan has changed them twice now or is at the very least contradicting herself and it’s not very easy on someone trying to learn.

Thank you again for the gift, I’ve eaten half of it already.

Best,

Amelia Bones



000



Mr. Potter,

After looking into the potential mix-up with your original mail ward, I have indeed been able to identify and trace where your mail since your parents’ death has been stored. It has been moved to your trust vault and sorted for things of more importance. Most is fan mail of some kind given your celebrity status, although a copy of all the missed Gringotts and Hogwarts communication has been provided in the parcel attached to this letter.

Additionally attached is the details on the Eileen Prince Foundation fund. Hogwarts tuition went up about five years ago and the initial funds Lily Potter placed inside of it dried up. With your permission I can take over management of this Foundation which includes identifying potential new students to Hogwarts who may be eligible and ensuring there is enough funds in the account to support them. Barring no changes to the Hogwarts tuition price this coming year, I will compile the amount required and provide the report reflecting as much to you the soonest you are available this upcoming summer. I would need your permission in person and am assuming there will be questions best done face to face.

Axeclaw



000



Dear Mr. Potter,

That paper you sent was quite a read! This development is simply remarkable if you’ll take this old man’s opinion! How many years I’ve been using Transfiguration and never considered this—and the world of possibilities! You could write a paper on every spell ever written and how you break down one spell into dozens of others means you’ll be churning out new and unique spells in your lifetime—ah! Simply incredible!

I would propose a trade: I’d love to hear about all your new spells and your work into this discovery and I will trade some information on Alchemy since I fancy myself quite the professor if I do say so myself. Don’t tell Albus but I did teach at Hogwarts a couple years after I attended myself near its founding, and the teaching was well fun but the, ah, teaching children bit turned out to be the unsurmountable challenge. I was simply reminded why Penny and I never had kids: no clue what to do with them. I’m a better researcher clearly. I don’t think anyone favored me as a teacher either so the feeling was mutual. I do hope that’s not the reason Alchemy was done away with as a subject, although it was 300 years ago so I’m not quite sure why it would be. Still.

In any case, in addition to those texts I recommended last time, I’d like to talk some about the history of Alchemy before getting into the details or any practical magic as I find what our predecessors did incorrect is just as insightful as learning what we now do correct. As you just proved, at any time we can discover we’ve been doing it wrong all along so learning about the past is always interesting. I don’t mean to be biased given I’ve lived through a lot of said past but I digress.

I’ve attached a paper I wrote a while back about the origins of Alchemy, although originally it was called “tinctures” or “metallurgy” in Western Alchemy. Which is a whole other topic—ancient Alchemy which was thousands of years before my time even was actually developed separately on three separate continents: in the land known as modern day China, the subcontinent of India, and then of course the origin of most of Western knowledge, Alexandria in ancient Greece. Most of what I can speak to is known as Western Alchemy; from my understanding the ancient metallurgy art created in India later became far closer to today’s Herbology or even Potion crafting, and the Chinese style is an extremely close guarded secret passed down from the larger known ancient family trees of that society. I did make an attempt to learn more about it but was essentially told to get lost and I would not recommend trying it yourself—wasn’t a fun time, I’ll leave it at that given your age. How old are you again?

So far as Western Alchemy goes, there was a time when it was considered one and the same as Potions and Transfiguration even, but as magic evolved and the practice of writing things down and educating others on it became more common practice, the subjects split and further refined until they became what we consider it to be today. Alchemy as you’d practice it is less a separate topic of magic (as I would say most of history’s Alchemic principles and theories have thus been proven wrong) and more a way of approaching magic to create new and unique magics of any type or sort that you may be interested in.

Most people in modern day who speak about it or teach it focus on the materials themselves, which is of course the critical factor, but the true spirit of Alchemy is to always question the materials themselves. The query is never ‘what can this material do?’, it is ‘WHY does this material do this?’. Finding out what a material can do is the easy part, even a garden gnome can eventually figure out that a rock is hard and cotton is soft, but the more you dig into WHY cotton is soft or one rock is harder than another, then you start to get places. As you read and experience your education even normally, always ask this question and if you have the curiosity and initiative to find these answers yourself, you’ll be an Alchemist in no time no matter if you never take a class or finish an Alchemic textbook on it in your life. No matter if you never find your answers either! It is all about the mindset I find, not so much the success. As I’ve proven though, given enough time and eventually success will come as well. I am a firm believer that all we know at this moment is that we know nothing—one day, no matter how far away that day is, we will all be proven wrong and everything we once knew will be irrelevant. Perhaps that’s an immortal’s philosophical take on life but I’ll stop preaching it when I’m proven wrong and it hasn’t happened yet. And isn’t that a paradox worth pondering over, eh?

In any case, I hope you take my offer up on the trade, and anything specific on Alchemy you’d like to hear please do let me know, I can go for hours on this.

Yours,

Nick

Harry my dear, I hope you don’t mind too terribly, but I’ve made some edits to your paper from a grammar perspective. Never fret if it feels like a lot of corrections, I’m a tad picky about grammar and comparatively Nick is centuries old and still cannot form a coherent sentence on paper when it comes to academic work. I am typically the one double checking his writing and have for hundreds of years—it is never without hassle. Hopefully you will be easier to work with; he’s such a stick in the mud about his writing. He can’t take any criticism, but it’s honestly unintelligible. You’re already well on your way—take my advice and don’t be like him. He knows about Alchemy and baking but take any other advice he’s giving you with a grain of salt.

Stay safe,

Penny



000

Sylvester,

In exchange for a blanket debt from your family I’m sure there’s much I can do to see your dog star gets its due. Unfortunately, I am unable to accept a debt from the star itself without its own sworn word but rest assured one from a linage such as yours is plenty satisfactory.

I have already gotten started as an opportunity presented itself the other day and I elected to jump on the chance. I’m thrilled with this deals so thought it only polite to have some news to share in our first correspondence.

As it turns out there was already a party interested in making contact with the dog who shared your interests of sort—either the justice or the punishment although they did seem fairly confident in the former, surprisingly. Since we’ll be working closely it seems, trust me when I say, White is not someone to be trifled with in any way. They are most certainly know what they are doing.

I ensured White made contact safely and confirmed that none are any the wiser that the meeting has happened. It is with a mix of emotions that I can confirm the dog star claims to be innocent. White believes them, and frankly I’m not a betting soul but I would bet quite a bit on White’s judgement.

Of course nothing is confirmed until under Veritaserum in court, but it is something. Getting to court will also not be so easy as there are some difficult names who are actively attempting to prevent this potential mistake from seeing the light of day, for obvious reasons I’d hope. It will take time, unfortunately more time than I had initially hoped, but while we have that time please consider our contingencies. If justice is found, what would you like me to pursue as the best course of action? In court, once the truth is uncovered, I will have to act accordingly in real time—I will need to be aware of your preferences in detail prior to that day. Make as many potential scenarios and reactions I should be taking in advance so we may be prepared.

I hope this letter finds you well and look forward to our partnership.

Fields





Chapter 48: Book 2 : Envy : 15


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Any sane witch or wizard did not visit Azkaban on a careless whim. Not even if someone within its walls might’ve meant something to you once, the chances of ever seeing them again were slim, so the effort of making it there and then enduring the wretched island itself for any amount of time was more often totally pointless.

Not just because no one was ever released from Azkaban. No ‘out on parole’ or ‘released for good behavior’ or any such muggle terms—no ‘ten to twenty years’ or minimum sentences, it was always for life. Azkaban ate souls, devoured them into nothingness, it never gave anything back. To be condemned to the island was an eternal sentence, and the sheer vastness of the mass graves beneath it’s foundation made for one of the most terrifying inferi pits in existence. Because you never walked free—people banished you to this isle and promptly forgot about you for good, ensuring that one day you would simply be part of the bones buried here and nothing more.

The international wizarding communities—those that knew about the British wizarding prison at least as it was all rather hush-hush—condemned this place as heinous and vile. A war crime even, although she was fairly certain that was a muggle term that hadn’t yet tainted magical communities in the UK.

The Black family believed in many things, some better than others and some not so convenient in certain eras, but one of those things that Narcissa had always taken a liking to, was the concept of a second death.

The first death was when you breathed your last. The second was when someone spoke your name for the last time.

In many ways, Azkaban was a way to live your second death before your first—most people outside of this island did their best to speak in hushed tones in quiet corners when discussing the crimes you might’ve committed to land yourself here, avoiding speaking your name less someone overhears you speaking about ‘taboo’ subjects. Anyone who might’ve once cared about you would grieve your loss like a real death since there was no chance to ever see you walk free again… and even if there was, there would be no way you’d be the same person who walked out of this place as who was dragged in.

Azkaban was death. If your wife or husband was sentenced here, your marriage was automatically annulled, and their estate liquidated for your convenience. That was how final a sentence here was.

So most people did not visit inmates here. They mourned, they grieved, they moved on.

And even you had the inclination to visit once or twice anyway, the trip was, to be frank, horrible.

Apparition was banned so you needed to travel by boat on ever-stormy waters across the channel, which was bad enough, but then you were physically and magically searched, and relieved of your wand while on the island which was frankly so far below what purebloods deemed acceptable it was quite literally rock bottom. Especially considering the most obvious downside: the guards.

Walking with dementors escorting you while wandless… it was unthinkable for a Slytherin to willing put themselves in a disadvantaged position like this. Prisoners also talked, most of them driven well mad after only a couple months in this place, so they screamed at you as you walked by, spilling secrets easy as breathing. It was a great way to gather information if you dared risk it, but it also meant there was no way anyone else who visited wouldn’t know you’d been here.

In fact, Narcissa hadn’t made it three meters into the first corridor of the prison before she deduced the Minister, a woman from the Davis family, and a muggleborn man had visited in recent months. She filed the information away for later although doubted it’s usefulness. Well… maybe not the Davis woman, she could probably use that. And anything on the Minister was good, although him visiting the prison he was technically in charge of wasn’t that suspicious.

Still.

Best not to dawdle.

She had genuinely thought getting into Azkaban without anyone being any the wiser would be… more difficult. She needed to have this conversation in person, she needed to make it home unscathed, and she needed only one person to ever know she’d actually done this: her target.

Not even Lucius would approve of this kind of thing (less the point of the trip and more the being unarmed for any portion of time bit), so she simply didn’t mention her afternoon plans at breakfast this morning. They didn’t always agree and on this battle they were of quite differing opinions on who would be the best guardian for the young Potter—they hadn’t been able to come to a consensus so really, whoever got there first would win. So, it needed to be done and it needed to be done quickly, less her husband beat her to the punch. It unfortunately meant she didn’t exactly have his support, but it wasn’t like she needed it—it wouldn't be the first time she’d walked her own path much to Lucius’ displeasure.

She had some amount of her own personal funds to spend should she need to be discrete however there wasn’t a good way to bribe the people she needed to without dipping into their shared vault. Or taking a chunk out of her Black inheritance fund which was mostly supposed to be inherited by Draco someday, so she hesitated touching that even if this little excursion probably wouldn’t have taken much of a dent… too many ‘small’ deductions would add up, she knew.

She had a thing for the delicate, beautiful, and exorbitant—she understood her own shopping habits to not make that a habit in the first place.

She had plenty of contacts and favors to cash in so it was only a matter of going about checking in with her network of allies—only to be started when one of them said she wasn’t the only one interested in something similar.

“You didn’t hear it from me, but someone else wants the truth. I’ll get you in with none the wiser, in exchange you just need to tell me if he’s really innocent. The truth.”

She agreed to the deal.

But she would do no such thing without some certainty that whatever truth she delivered would not harm her future plans… but a little digging here and there, and she had a name.

Sebastian Greengrass.

By all accounts he was a fellow grey ally, but by all accounts she honestly didn’t know what to make of the man. He was no nonsense and stern, hard to read even for her… but readable he eventually was. His youngest daughter was not going to live long, born with an illness that made her delicate and his eldest took a lot after him except with a bleeding heart that Narcissa didn’t need to be at Hogwarts to see. They were dealers but they were no Zabinis. Invaluable, but they had a light-tinted moral code they kept tight under lock and key.

Just because Greengrass family probably sympathized more for the light than the dark didn’t mean a thing in the end though. If it was for a deal, it would be done—be it Albus Dumbledore or the dark lord himself. Personal opinions had never impacted their business, although they certainly had plenty of those opinions—more so than the typical Slytherin, she noted.

Which put her in an interesting position. Who has asked Greengrass for this truth? Or, was it not even the truth he was after? Should Sirius be innocent… and Narcissa had always been of the camp that he probably was… the Minister was dead in the water so far as his career went. Someone after any scrap they could get on Fudge would definitely start here, however…

Fudge very much did not want what could potentially be the greatest blunder of his career to see the light of day.

He was so unsubtle it was pathetic, but people got fired, had their wages docked, even arrested and kept for interrogation for weeks just for poking their noses close to this issue. Narcissa had half a mind when Draco was just learning his letters that if it were convenient perhaps Sirius should at least have a trial—but it was far from convenient actually.

In fact, it was hard to get this opportunity, even for her who thought herself quite a talented snake.

Not that Fudge was talented, but he legitimately had perhaps too-much power and was stupid enough to use it blatantly for selfish reasons. She’d voiced her half-thought to Lucius but even he, who’d wormed his way into being a close confidant to the Minister over the years, had never been able to make a dent in Fudge’s rock-solid refusal to admit he might’ve been wrong. You couldn’t speak sense into a rock after all, no matter how clever a speaker you were—and Cornelius was certainly stupid and closed minded enough for it to feel like speaking to a brick wall sometimes.

In fact, he’d shut down so hard several years ago when Lucius brought it up delicately, that he’d refused several of their invites to dinner afterwards. They’d decided then that jeopardizing their in with the Minister wasn’t worth it, they’d have to find another way.

But years had passed, and no opportunity had ever presented itself.

She hadn’t actively looked as she had a son to raise, a house to run, and politics to sway, but had she noted some convenient opportunity in front of her she would’ve taken it. It just hadn’t happened upon her as of yet.

Now it wasn’t about convenience though, this was about Harry Potter.

More importantly, this was about Draco.

The difficulty of this task was not something to scoff at even considering what a dunce Fudge was—the twat had power and was dangerous with it and this was the one thing he could not be manipulated away from. The fact Greengrass had arranged for this was… telling.

It meant he was being paid very, very well.

Unreasonably well, actually.

First there was the ministry clearance: any visitor needed to be cleared to enter via the wards around the island and this was the one ward that they hadn’t cheaped out on when hiring Gringotts for the job. No one set foot on this island without Fudge knowing and he would know immediately where said visitor had gone since Sirius apparently had his own personalized ward probably for the sake of Fudge keeping tabs on his career’s greatest mistake. A lot of the bribe money Lucius had slipped into Cornelius’ pocket over the years probably went to this ward because she’d learned a thing or two about Azkaban’s protections from the goblins over time and she knew this was one of the best. To be able to pay enough to a goblin of high enough skill to slip into not only Azkaban’s ward, but then Sirius’ own ward while not tipping off their original employers… it was not a small sum of money in the least, and that being said by an extremely wealthy woman who didn’t often think those thoughts.

Then there was the island itself, actually putting up with being here was unpleasant and there were still the few actual human guards who monitored things. They would either have to be diverted from work on a particular day, distracted while she was here, or bribed into turning a blind eye. Which, was easier said than done as you didn’t just volunteer to be a guard on this god forsaken island, you had to be the hardest, most righteous ass, ‘by the book’, there’s-no-grey and evil-is-evil-and-deserves-to-die kind of auror to be willing to spend any kind of time on Azkaban just to ensure prisoners never saw the light of day again. Even she found trying to convince or bribe those types of people not worth the effort it’d take to just have them killed instead, but sudden deaths of Azkaban guards were a bit higher profile than most. Too many suspicious deaths of Azkaban guards could easily be seen as an attack on the prison itself and would only strengthen security.

The last and most critical challenge though: the dementors themselves.

They couldn’t be bought or persuaded, they followed only Fudge’s orders (to a point) and part of that ministry approval piece of the puzzle was not only allowance past the wards, but also Fudge’s personal order that that visitor was allowed on the island and for the dementors not to suck out their soul. Without that order then anyone who wasn’t supposed to be here was attacked and left an empty husk of who they arrived as. Given the hundreds of them in this prison, no matter how talented a witch she fancied herself, she wasn’t going to get around that.

So when she set foot on the island and two dementors didn’t attack, and instead seemed to escort her from a couple meters behind her as she traced her way through the corridors of Azkaban to where she was instructed the right cell was, she wasn’t too proud to admit she had no idea what Greengrass had done.

The deal was that no one would know she was here—that suited Greengrass too from what she understood. So clearly Fudge hadn’t given the order, and yet…

The idea that Sebastian Greengrass knew how to undermine the Ministry’s control on the dementors of Azkaban was, frankly, fucking terrifying.

Horrifying, if you will.

It also meant her rather flippant thoughts of their bleeding hearts would be kept firmly to herself and she probably owed the grey family a bit more respect than she’d previously afforded them.

She took a deep breathe and quickened her pace without seeming to be in a rush or anything. She’d taken several calming draughts before getting off the boat to prepare for this, and she only had a certain amount of time until they wore off. She was an extremely level headed person so keeping calm was easy for her, but still… she’d done enough wrong in her past that the effects of the dementors were already eating away at the corners of her mind and she wanted to be long gone before the potions wore off and the full effect of Azkaban started eating her alive.

It was cold, and damp, and completely miserable here. Prisoners were screaming at her madly and she tried not to imagine she heard her sister’s voice lost in that cacophony of noise somewhere.

Glamours would not work under the ward so she went physical with her disguise, shielding herself in a long white cloak and white robes beneath it already turning slightly grey from the grim of this place that seemed to pollute even the air around her. She had the hood pulled all the way up and a white scarf pulled up over her nose to shield most of her face—not very creative, but effective enough for this trip. It only had to last less than an hour, if that, and she picked up her pace quickly as she followed the directions she was given and memorizing every twist and turn of the hallways to ensure she knew her way back too.

True to what she’d heard, Sirius’ cell was with what could be considered the ‘highest priority’ prisoners. She recognized many as death eaters, but made sure not to visibly turn her head towards them. Checking the few cells before her target, she saw many lifeless bodies sprawled on the ground of the dingy, bare cells. Either in sleep, exhaustion, hopelessness, soulessness, or death—she didn’t know and if they weren’t eavesdropping on her then she didn’t care.

The dementors behind her fell back and seemed to peak their nightmarish hooded heads into nearby cells as if double checking if they consume or not. She heard soft whimpers and one gargling half-screech so she knew those nearby were more than preoccupied temporarily as she went to the bar of what she assumed was the right cell.

And she had to assume she’d counted correctly and this was right one because the figure inside looked… almost nothing like the cousin she’d one had. The threadbare rags were pathetic enough, but the positively skeletal nature of his frame and the pure greyish-blue tone of his skin meant he very easily couldn’t just been an enchanted inferi instead of a man. He lifted his head as if sensing her there and his face too… filthy, gaunt, merely skin stretched across bones at best. The pits beneath his eyes were dark as ink and his eyes…

She almost did a double take because his eyes were… clear?

“Sissy?” She almost didn’t hear it, his voice all but broken from disuse—or many years of screaming and a damp, drafty cell slowly tearing away at it. But heard it she did, and yes… that was definitely him. He might’ve looked surprised even but he was visibly exhausted and beaten, and there was so little left of his face there probably wasn’t much there to form real expression anymore.

“Sirius.” She greeted, not lowering her scarf but placing one finger over where her lips were to remind him of listening ears. Whether he got that or not, she didn’t give him a chance to speak before continuing—she was on a time limit after all. "I'll refrain from asking how you've been and skip the niceties for now."

His lips twitched, barely, lacking any actual mirth. She was sure this place had stolen all of that from him long ago—her too, as she was truly feeling the effects of this place and felt no warmth at the bad joke. She didn’t need to feel a thing to play a part though.

"You're my first visitor in eleven years." He stated flatly, blank almost but also quite… strongly, for someone in his state.

She paused.

"Am I now?" Narcissa frowned behind her mask, something… itching at the back of her brain. "I am aware the werewolf has been trying to visit but he is denied visitation rights to Azkaban as a dark creature." She stalled for time, watching his eyes react to that news, growing deeper for a second as he lifted his head higher.

Whatever flashed there faded in a second though—the light of hope seeping out of him just as quickly as it had sparked to light from the dementors less than ten meters away.

But still, he knew and his face seemed to reflect an… intelligence she wasn’t expecting.

That was it though, wasn’t it?

He wasn’t insane.

He was calm and talking and despite drowning in soulless breath and the deep dragging feeling of the island itself, he hasn’t lost himself even a bit. He was miserable and sick and a broken man without question, but he was not insane.

She knew what insane looked like, after all. She’d been raised by it. Her closest sister was practically the definition--she was intimately aware of what insane looked like.

And this was not it.

"Moony… did that? Does he think I'm guilty too?" He asked genuinely, sincere despair echoing much more confidently around his naked cell now.

Narcissa took half a step back and smoothed out the front of her robes.

"Who knows. Most condemned you immediately of course, but the lack of a trial causes a lot of the truth to be muddled, in certain circles."

Translation: most dark and grey families knew he likely wasn't guilty at all, or at least there was a good chance he wasn't. Or at the very least he’d been imperioused—he was too loyal to James Potter for it to be anything else, and there'd never been a whisper of Sirius Black in the dark circles of the last war. It was only the Light idiots who had ever for a second thought him earnestly guilty… or believed the lie that perhaps he’d gone insane.

Talking to him now, if he had spent the past eleven years in this hell-on-earth and could still speak in full sentences coherently, with no emotion, Narcissa knew he hadn’t gone insane when he was still a free man.

“And then of course a decade passed and even those with doubts simply pushed it from their minds. It’s all in the past now, after all.” She pressed him a bit, testing.

And it worked, as he scowled openly all of a sudden. Anger, not muted this time.

It would make sense: dementors suck away all good emotions, but anger wasn’t necessarily good. It could be genuinely evil and nasty, so of course he would still be able to feel it.

"What do you want, Narcissa?" He demanded, his weariness giving way for half a second to be flushed with warm, growing vitriol.

Ah… that was the question then, isn’t it. No time to waste beating around the bush.

"Do you want a trial, cousin?"

He stared at her for a long minute, almost… distrusting. Of course he couldn’t feel hope, but she assumed he was warring with that lack of emotion when they both knew it definitely should’ve been there.

"Yes." He got out, breathless.

"You're not guilty, are you."

"No.” His face twisted in that gnarled anger once more before calming. It probably took too much energy to keep it going long. “Peter was the rat. I lost my temper and tried to kill him, yes, but he cut off his finger and fled. He's an illegal Animagus—literally a rat—so it was easy for him. I convinced James and Lily to use him since I was clearly the obvious choice—he would've been a safer choice. What a load of crap that was."

He said it so blankly, but she could feel the haunted echo seeping from his tone, like marrow slowly draining from abandoned bones when the flesh had long since turned to ash.

She only nodded, accepting this for once as a truth she didn’t need to question.

"Why would you help me." He asked.

"My son. Draco." She put a hand over her heart as if that would sway him of her honesty. She knew it wouldn’t as he never knew her as a mother, but she was being honest, and it frankly didn’t matter if he believed her or not. "Of all else I am, good or terrible, I am a mother who loves her son. And my son has become close with a boy who desperately needs a family; for Draco's sake there is little I won't do, even if that means coming here and bringing suspicion on myself in order to free you."

“Free me…" He frowned, eyes closing as if in weariness as he tried to grasp this concept. "Who… family…"

Okay, so maybe he wasn't all there.

"Harry Potter, cousin. Your godson." She insisted, and his silver eyes widened at the reminder, jaw dropping slightly as in seemed to sink in.

"Your son… Harry…" He repeated almost too quiet for her to hear.

"He's a fine young boy, Harry. He's the spitting image of Evans, and Draco considers him his closest friend. The boy has come to visit a couple times and now it is clear he is not fine with the living arrangements Dumbledore set for him. I believe it is abusive in nature, the muggle vermin they are."

"What?"

He instantly animated, and oh yes, the anger wasn't stolen here. It burned hotly as if singing off the damp despair in the air.

She leaned in, voice low in a solid hiss, smooth like ivy but firmly unyielding because he needed to hear her.

"Use this anger and live, cousin. Do not do anything foolish to risk your position and I will see about getting a trial. If you love your godson then sit tight and play nice and you will have your werewolf and your godson back in time."

His chest was moving in silent breathes, almost hyperventilating to a point as his anger took hold and probably overwhelmed him with emotion he hadn’t had to deal with in years. He moved, but didn’t seem to know what to do with his own body.

"I…." He seethed, seeming to be unable to speak. Too furious to form words as his expression twisted with anger unimpeded by kindness or love or rationality. All of that had left him along with the warmth of his body eleven years ago.

“Do you hear me, Sirius?” She demanded, more urgently now.

She never had anything against her most foolhardy cousin, but he was impulsive. He was the very worst parts of a Gryffindor in his brashness and callous selfishness. As a teen if she’d ever been able to look past his being sorted into the lion’s house, his total disrespect for the way Slytherin operated and how he spoke and acted without giving an utter fuck who he insulted or trampled on had made cutting him off only too easy. She never had time for that shit, and past opinions and familial ties aside, they’d both been perfectly content never speaking or dealing with each other again.

He hated Slytherins and she could not stand to deal with stupid Gryffindors.

Things had changed and she needed to deal with him now out of necessity for her own plans, but that simply meant she needed to nip those impulsive, selfish and narrow-minded instincts in the butt immediately or else this would all be for nothing.

“Sirius!” She all but snapped at him.

“Save Harry,” He snapped right back at her, dementor-twisted anger dripping from his tone and fire burning intensely in his eyes. “Forget about me and save him!”

“He’s safe at Hogwarts right now and I’m doing that by saving you, you idiot.” She hissed. “But that means no matter what you hear or what you see you will say in this cell until you are called for your trial. If you cannot do that simple task then Harry will go right back to those muggle vermin who beat him!”

“I can’t just do nothing!” He insisted.

“You will or I will murder you slowly myself for ruining my plans.” Her face twisted in a glower, pulling her scarf down to be sure he saw the full glory of her glare. Unfortunately he was just as much of a Black and had a matching death stare of his own. “I can take care of this if you for once in your life think things through. You yourself just confessed that Lily Evans and James Potter are dead because you could not form a decent plan to save your life! Or, rather, to save the lives of anyone you love.”

He was on his feet and slamming his hands into the bars of his cell.

“NARCISSA!”

She refused to back off, simply pulling her scarf back up coldly, safely from the right side of the cell door.

“Don’t blame me for being honest, cousin. If you had formed a plan like a Slytherin, like you’d been raised… you would not be in this cell right now. Lily and James would not be dead, and Harry would be a safe little Gryffindor raised by people who loved him. Not another you or me or—” She scoffed, rather loudly and out of character for her but the bitter irony was unavoidable. “Or yet another Regulus, huh?”

His knuckles were white, and they cracked and began to bleed from how hard they gripped the bars, something indescribably written over his face.

She struck while the iron was hot.

“You cannot do anything. You are helpless. Suffer on that if you’d like, but I will fix this now and I do not care if you believe me or not, I simply need you to obey.” She tapped the cell door sharply, once. It echoed coldly in the stone cell. “Stay put.”

She poured every ounce of authority and compulsion she could into those words, and she watched them pierce his eyes like blades into his psyche.

He wasn’t truly a Black.

He felt pitiful things like guilt.

And that was why he was weak—why he was locked away and why he would be manipulated now.

It was why he was loved by many.

Although all those many guilty, foolish people who loved him feared to remember him now.

When his eyes grew dark, she knew she’d won. She couldn’t well do more but hope he actually listened to her now, and then continue to chip away at her plan until it bore fruit—despite preferring to work carefully, the quicker she could do this the less time it would give Sirius to get impatient and do something stupid.

Point made, she turned to flee the prison with her chin raised high.

Only for the very blood in her veins to ice over, freezing her to the spot she stood as extremely real growls suddenly echoed out loudly from the other side of the cell door too close to her left.

Her breath froze in his lungs, a fear she hadn’t felt in decades seeping into her skin and she was just… paralyzed.

Something roared and she jumped, the cell dark once she’d stepped away but every sense she had was screaming that there was a monster right there and to flee immediately—every hair on her body standing on end from the terrorizing sound.

Right… Sirius Black was an outcast to the family name, but no matter what he’d chosen in life or the tattered family tapestry, he was still the blood heir of one of the purest and most pristine magical bloodlines in existence. The fact he had not sided with the dark lord was a big deal back in the day as he’d been trained essentially since birth to be someone worth that title… and she was keenly reminded that her old family had been brutal in many ways.

So far as Narcissa was aware, Sirius had never once used his training once he reached Hogwarts.

But she remembered her own upbringing, remembered Bella taking to her own with the utmost glee. She remembered the things her sisters had eventually been capable of.

She remembered her father saying Sirius had once been a prodigy. She remembered vivid nightmares of him beating down Bella when she could not outmatch their little cousin despite being older, despite wanting to outshine the true Black heir if only she could just manage it.

Narcissa suddenly remembered the way Sirius had once been very good at avoiding punishment by following orders.

Before he threw it all away, that is—all that talent and power and legacy for some mudbloods and some freedom.

She’d almost forgotten that sliver of relief she’d felt, buried beneath everything else when she’d watched her cousin get sorted into Gryffindor instead, when she realized all that talent and power and legacy was not actually going to be the noose around her neck for the duration of her life until it wound too tight to breathe.

Right. Anger was the only option of manipulation in Azkaban, but it may not have been the safest.

She knew how to play the anger of a Slytherin… perhaps she did not quite understand the lions as much as she fancied she did.

No… no, she was fairly certain she understood Gryffindors.

But she could admit she probably forgot that Sirius was first and foremost a Black, perhaps… a little too quickly.

Yes, but she remembered quite clearly now.

The growls seemed to echo around the corridor loudly, and the cold of this island of hell made her shiver a bit violently. She needed to get out of here—time was not on her side and as her heart beat faster she knew those calming draughts she’d taken before coming ashore were wearing off a lot faster than she’d hoped they would.

She gently touched the stone wall beside her as if to steady herself. It felt disgusting, slick with grime and death like the skin of a corpse.

"As I said, be patient. You will have your moment, but only if you wait for it. I remember you were a very brash sort so hopefully over a decade in here has taught you a lesson—you may have been sorted into Gryffindor but your blood is the purest of Slytherin, and Slytherin does not necessarily mean dark. Use that, and obtain victory for everyone here, not just to exact one moment of revenge—but to achieve the happiness of your godson. If you destroy his chance of having a family because of your impulsiveness, I will kill you myself, Azkaban walls or no."

The growls increased, and she risked one glance behind.

He was there in the bars, silver eyes burning into her with something that set a different type of chill over her skin. He might’ve played the part of a innocent, sane prisoner well, but now he truly looked mad… and yet she could tell her words were biting at his psyche. Hopefully they’re take root and twist inside of him until he believed them too.

Hopefully his belief would be enough.

"I will be seeing you then, Sirius."

She fled.

The growling filled the entire cell block with a vengeance, seeming to grow louder just to chase her out since the man himself was stuck, unable to follow her to properly express his anger.

Once she was far enough away to be clear of the noise and the exit was firmly in sight as she made her hasty retreat…she smirked.

She had a feeling this would be quite interesting.

000

Harry was pretty good at blocking out whispers. The neighbors on private drive had never actually spoken to him personally, but instead everything they’d known about him had come through Petunia’s waspish rumors and Vernon’s grumbling complaints about their delinquent nephew, so Harry assumed they’d believed the absolute worst about him. He’d seen the cross streets to avoid him and lock their car doors if they saw him out gardening, so he knew it was bad.

Dudley too, without anyone to stop him and his parents actually encouraging it, had made up truly outlandish things about his cousin and him punching anyone who dared get too close to the tiny Potter into submission meant kids his age had a lot to whisper about too. Also, kids sucked at moderating their voices to it was less whispers, and more just blatantly talking about him when he could clearly still hear them.

And since starting Hogwarts all bets were off: he was fully and confidently weird even by muggle standards, much less wizard ones. But that had always been fine, it was his choice and also he was vain enough to not mind the stares and whispers.

Now though….

There were… certainly a lot of whispers to deal with all of a sudden, and the sheer volume was surprisingly disorienting.

He wanted to say he only cared about what his important people thought about him being a parselmouth, but somehow his list of important people had expanded significantly and oh yeah, he was kind of involved in the whole house unity initiative things he’d kickstarted so when the houses all started acting funny he definitely noticed. His dormmates were clearly the most imminent people as they lived with them, Neville clearly having the highest priority, but after their early morning football practice the day after Blaise got to work on the rumor mill that seemed to have been smoothed over.

Neville… was definitely surprised, eyes getting impossibly wide when Harry told him, but he got over it pretty quickly considering. Even fessing up his lineage conundrum, the blond had simply been just as stumped as Harry himself was before seeming to come to terms with it.

“I think you’ve made it pretty clear you don’t care about tradition so far. Besides, I’m fairly confident in you being you regardless of what I think on the matter so… uh, are you looking for my opinion on it?” Neville had rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly when Harry had pressed for more of a reaction.

“Well yeah? You’re a pureblood so it means more to you. I didn’t even know this was a thing until I accidentally talked to a snake in front of Slytherins.”

Neville gave him the driest look at that, which had Harry blushing a bit.

“My Slytherins that is—no one I didn’t want knowing at first!” He defended himself.

“Well… as much as I hate to say it, the Slytherins are the ones whose opinions really matter. They’re the ones who’ll cause trouble over it. I guess… some Gryffindors might be offended somehow? Or be afraid I think. I can’t imagine most will think it much worse than you sitting at the Slytherin table—you didn’t notice how much they hated that at all last year, so this’ll probably be fine too.”

Harry blinked.

“Wait what?”

“Yeah, exactly.” Neville’s blue eyes traced over his face carefully, as if trying to determine if his surprise was real. “I think you think you understand Gryffindors maybe… a bit more than you actually do. If you don’t like what upper years say or do, you somehow just… ignore them?”

Well damn.

An angry fifth year Gryffindor isn’t exactly as deadly as an upper year Slytherin—if they don’t have a wand in their hand I’m pretty safe usually, unlike a slightly peeved Slytherin could spell some unknown disaster before I know what hit me.

“Huh.” He frowned, scratching his brain. He… really didn’t have the capacity to worry about that at the moment, but it wasn’t like it wasn’t a problem. “If I miss something huge could you like… tell me? I know the whole school is going to know soon enough but I might’ve overextended myself.” He confessed.

For some reason Neville looked happy at that admission.

“Sure. Maybe you should just focus on the first years for a bit.”

Harry didn’t really know where that came from but he wasn’t against it, so he agreed and they easily got back into playing around in their lazy morning practice.

Dean and Seamus knew they were on the pitch and came down to meet them later in the morning to join in, and since it was obvious they hadn’t heard yet, Harry had decided to graciously fill them in.

“What!?” Seamus had all but shrieked, although Dean looked just as lost at that reaction has Harry had been. One quick lesson on Slytherin’s lineage later and he too looked taken aback but not outright against it or anything.

“Harry you can’t tell anyone that! Bloody hell if the Slytherins find out—”

“They already know.” He admitted, derailing the Irishman’s tirade.

“Oh.” He blinked. “Shit—what are you going to do!?”

Harry was very amused his first reaction was trying to protect him, unaware it was all under control already—and that was precisely why he loved Seamus.

“I actually found out because I accidentally spoke to a decorative snake in the Slytherin common room—Draco saw me do it and enlightened me on why it was a big deal. Blaise actually is the one telling the whole school so he’s in control of the rumor mill to an extent, so I hope it won’t be too bad.” He shrugged. “I knew everyone would find out somehow so having someone on my side do it the way I wanted it to happen was my best bet.”

Dean perked up with a smile. “Blaise is good at rumors—that was a good call.”

Which made Harry narrow his eyes at the tall Gryffindor who just smiled ‘innocently’ back.

“Okay what has Blaise told you?”

“Nothing much.”

Harry did not believe him.

But, he shelved that as not quite relevant at the moment.

“Ignoring that for now, as for handling the Slytherins—Blaise’s got that. He’s phrasing it like this is something good in their politics somehow, and also I’ve been in their common room. They’ve got decorative snakes who’ve heard all their little schemes for a while now and I’m the only one who understands them; the threat to their secrets is enough to get them to back off for the foreseeable future, trust me.”

“Huh, fair enough.” Seamus seemed reassured by that if not still visibly agitated by the whole thing. “But bloody snitch, parseltongue?”

“Ha! You said it too!” Harry jabbed a finger in his face indignantly and Seamus instantly retaliated.

“It’s your stupid bad habits rubbing off on me, nothing more! Buzz off!”

They dissolved into squabbling and eventually got back to kicking around the ball, but other than Seamus continuing to give disbelieving remarks periodically about how it was possible, none of them seemed too tripped up by the development. Dean seemed to pick up on the fact this was not a small development, but like Harry didn’t have the background to truly care himself, and Neville of course resumed his focus on struggling to be a goalkeeper more than what they were talking about.

They stayed out and played for several more hours, and slowly but surely the football club learned where he was—and also started to hear the rumors themselves so joined in not only to play but also confirm for themselves that the rumor was true. Luckily the club at least had long since gotten over their hesitation in just talking to him themselves—he wasn’t a celebrity or some strange creature, he was part of their club and got just as dirty as the rest of them playing games. He missed goals and got outrun by better players and also gloated playfully when he made a good steal or a successful goal, he wasn’t a teacher or an authority figure or anything more than a classmate.

And a classmate who’d proven to love to talk to any and everybody many times—most of them were in this club because they’d been cornered by him at one point or another in the first place—so thankfully they were happy to just walk up to him and ask.

Many had varying reactions, a lot falling into either the Dean or Seamus category since there were a ton of muggleborns in the muggle sport club who didn’t get it and wanted confirmation on why this was a big deal, but also a ton of generous and understanding half or purebloods who mostly seemed concerned about what Harry was going to do. A quick conversation soothed most of them and then getting down to play some football relaxed any other concerns they had.

There was a third group though, which was where the likes of Hannah and others seemed to fall. They seemed hesitant to approach him, but once they did and he confirmed the rumor for them, they seemed to just gape a bit with wide eyes.

“…oh.”

Was all Hannah had said before awkwardly getting back to the pick-up game they were playing.

As for what that meant… hell if Harry knew.

Still, for the first day after the news had spread through the Hogwarts rumor mill, things had gone pretty smoothly if he did say so himself.

Monday when classes started up again though, he definitely noted how much of the school he hadn’t infiltrated yet. There was a large population of the upper years who, outside of the snake house, took to blatant whispering and staring when he walked through the Great Hall at meals, in the library, or in the halls even. Luckily his year level seemed familiar enough with him to either keep it to themselves more tactfully, ask him to his face, or simply get over it decently quickly, so his actual classes turned out fine. By Wednesday all second years seemed to be over it and thankfully were more focused on the potions exam Snape had sprung on them for this Friday. Not to mention the new quidditch team line-ups were announced the same day his parseltongue rumor had broke so the two topics of conversation seemed to compete with each other and eventually quidditch won out as the more interesting of the two.

Harry had overheard a couple Ravenclaw seventh years in the library muttering about it Friday afternoon and they also seemed to just toss it up as something reasonably impressive for “The Boy Who Lived” to possess, and while any other time that would piss him off, it seemed Blaise had done his job well. They weren’t mad or disgusted, and by the following weekend most of the school seemed to be generally with the program—or at least the blatant whispering and stares had seriously eased off.

Theo thought it was likely because he was openly talking about it to anyone who asked. Rumors got bad when people started making shit up and with no one being able to confirm anything one way or another they tended to spiral—especially amongst children who had poor understandings of what was possible or not in the real world and still had a bit of childhood imagination in them making things worse. With pretty much the entire football club and all second and first years being able to say ‘I asked Harry himself and he said…’, any time some wild rumor came up it was stomped out pretty quickly as being unreasonable.

It was exhausting, don’t get him wrong, because he ended up having essentially the same conversation literally hundreds of times, and then started having repeat conversations when the same people would come back to him to confirm if a new rumor was true or not. He was very relieved when even the twins got tired of it all and started dramatically following him around as ‘body guards’, telling people to get out of his way or he’d sick a snake on them.

The twins being the twins, they got away with the drastic flair and earned many laughs, which got more of the people their year levels (3rd to 4th) seeing how unreasonable bringing up a dead horse every conversation was.

The people who were his biggest concern were definitely the upper years—particularly Slytherin and Gryffindor house. He knew the older Slytherins weren’t going to do a damn thing right now, but that would not remain the case forever, he knew. He’d have to keep an ear to the ground and just get ready for whatever it was they’d end up doing with that information but he knew he likely had plenty of time until that day.

So, ironically, his biggest issue was going to be the upper year Gryffindors who, true to Neville’s warnings, were not thrilled with this in the slightest. Thanks to being reminded to look for once, he found the dirtiest looks and nastiest rumors were definitely sourced there.

Luckily, peer pressure worked better on Gryffindors than most others so when most of their underclassmen got over it within a week, the upper years started keeping their suddenly less-popular opinions to themselves in turn. They still talked about it amongst themselves though which Harry was sure was only deepening their negative stances on the matter with people who agreed with them. There was suddenly a distinct lack of warmth in his own house though that was hard to miss, which was… weird. Gryffindor was supposed to be the warm house with their cozy common room and boisterously friendly people. When a decent chunk of a previously extremely loud, bustling common area was very noticeably silent when you walked by, you didn’t have to be Sherlock Holmes to notice.

In a single week Harry suddenly found the polite ignorance and respectful distance people kept to each other in the Slytherin common room much more comfortable.

His own house aside, Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw reacted pretty much how he’d expected: Hufflepuff were some of the first to get over it and dismiss it as some random “Boy Who Lived” talent, while Ravenclaw was visibly scratching their brains trying to work it out. It was him sitting at their table for breakfast one day and getting drawn in by Lu and some of his year mates on the how debate that he realized they didn’t know about him actually being related to Slytherin. They were talking about the parseltongue trait being genetic or not, theorizing about his lineage, and other such things they were brainstorming and it was almost immediately clear they didn’t know Harry had confirmed his relation to Salazar Slytherin.

He didn’t immediately correct them and went back to Neville, who confirmed as much that he didn’t think Gryffindor knew that much either.

He wondered at that for an afternoon before deciding he wouldn’t bring it up himself. No one had outright asked if he knew and therefore he would be fine just letting the matter drop—the Ravenclaw prevailing theory that maybe parseltongue wasn’t genetic like everyone thought it was seemed to be picking up a little steam and if people went with that instead of getting suspicious about his bloodline, it would probably suit him better in the long run. He wasn’t going to hide it exactly, but he wasn’t going to bring it up of his own volition either.

Besides, if the full story hadn’t gotten out, then it was probably Blaise’s doing, probably on purpose for some specific reason only he knew. Harry hadn’t actually wanted the school to know about his ability, he just knew that it eventually would and wanted to get on top of it, and the tall Slytherin had actually done a great job breaking the news as Harry had requested it be done. If Blaise had his own agenda while he was doing this, although it was probably against his better judgement, Harry let it slide.

But eventually, as all things do, time kept moving on.



Chapter End Notes

Little short but wanted to get it out, writer's block is a bitch.

Thanks to everyone who wants to engage! I have seriously taken some of my major future plot points from some of your comments, I enjoy reading them a lot and yall are quite creative :D





Chapter 49: Book 2 : Envy : 16




“Simply wonderful to have this talk with you Harry my boy, if you ever need advice on your autograph again I am more than willing to help out! I am, as they say, an expert on the topic!”

Harry didn’t even have to pretend to smile a big grin.

I mean you couldn’t help but laugh: Lockhart was so bloody ridiculous it was simply the funniest thing. So incredibly stupid and full of himself, so insanely egotistical and infatuated with himself, he was like a toy Harry took great joy in batting against the wall just to see how long it would take him to notice. To this day the man’s marvelously well-manicured head had not noticed Harry was in no way taking him seriously and it was simply the funniest thing.

“Of course, professor, thank you for the tips. I’ll need to know it someday, after all.” He layered it on thick so that anyone with two fully developed braincells would know he was absolutely full of shit.

Lockhart ate shit for breakfast though, apparently. And enjoyed it, too.

“Very good, very good—us men of fame should stick together, of course! Any time, any time,” He waved if off distractedly, already focusing on the book Harry had complimented him on as if basking in his own glory. He didn’t notice Harry slip out the door, much less the girl who followed him quietly… and the useless professor completely forgot he was supposed to be running detention with Harry’s successful distraction, and he promptly and gleefully neglected to remember he was supposed to be having her write lines or something.

Once safely out the door and a brisk walk away from the Defense classroom, she breathed a sigh of relief.

“I was going to kill him if I actually had to sit through that detention.” Melinda admitted, far too calmly for Harry to properly tell if the death threat was legitimate or not.

He could understand it to a point; Harry acknowledged he was in the minority of those who found their inept professor legitimately funny. Everyone else was either naïve teen girls who had celebrity crushes and thought he could do no wrong or actual rational human beings who were infuriated by Lockhart’s… well, him.

He was too much to explain properly in so few words, but it was well summarized by being a maddening example of secondhand embarrassment personified.

“Fair,” He gave her that one. They turned a nearby corner and Daphne greeted them, leaning against the wall casually and shooting a smirk pointedly at her roommate.

“Told you he could do it.”

“You failed to tell me how he would do it though.” Melinda was not amused—she clearly hated the ego-fest that had just happened in front of her, even if Harry had been playing it up for the camera, so to speak.

“I can’t predict him, are you crazy?”

“If I told Slytherins my methods they’d never actually deal with me,” He pointed out in his own defense. She just rolled her eyes at the both of them.

“Which is what makes you so interesting. Who knew Slytherin had a gambling problem?”

Harry tossed his head back to laugh in wild amusement on that sheer concept. “Never would’ve called that, although if I had to venture a guess I definitely would’ve pegged either you or Blaise.”

“Do not loop me in with that psychopath!” Daphne instantly shot back, nose in the air as she lead the charge back down the hall.

“About that deal though,” Melinda cut back to the topic at hand, clearly not the joking type with her posture straight as a ruler and face an impenetrable mask as she met his gaze. Daphne had warned him that this particular Slytherin had an agenda all her own: most others had clear allies even amongst the snake house where rule #1 was to trust no one, but she was an island on an uncrossable sea. The fact she’d asked for this favor wasn’t exactly unusual, but she wasn’t there to make friends—she roomed with Daphne but by the grey heiress’s own admission they’d only spoken a handful of times, and all of it strictly for business. Current theory was that she had no hobbies… or that she was a secretly a robot.

Which proved there were either some muggleborns or gossipy half bloods hiding in Slytherin house because Harry had confirmed, with much hilarity, that both Draco and Blaise (his current best pureblood examples) had no freaking clue what a robot was. He’d tried to explain it a couple times just for his own amusement as they clearly could not wrap their heads around the concept.

“Yes, yes, you’re giving me info and I’m giving you a study date,” Daphne winked at Harry who instantly swatted her shoulder.

“Shut up, it’s not a study date.”

“It’s funnier if I call it a date though.”

“Sure it is, but not at my expense and not when it’s in turn of helping you with your convoluted deals!” He insisted.

“Then why are you looking to have a study session alone with Tracy Davis?” Melinda was absolutely brutal in her bluntness, which took Harry off guard.

“That… is a very complicated topic but trust me when I say it’s not to date her!” And he wasn’t about to explain to this Slytherin he only just met on a personal level about his goal to get Slytherin house to like him—given he’d jumped at the chance for this deal in order to get on Melinda’s good side, it might sour this whole exchange they were having. Daphne however fully knew about his master plan and was looking highly entertained by him getting put on the spot.

“No.” Melinda faced forward again as if done with the conversation which made him flail a bit wildly.

“What do you mean no?”

“No, as in I don’t believe you.”

He spluttered while Daphne had to look distractedly behind them as if she heard something to hide her expression.

“You know you’re remarkably blunt for a Slytherin.”

“If you have to lie, you’re not a good Slytherin.” She declared bluntly again and now Harry was looking to Daphne for help because… what the hell?

Either Daphne had heard it before and wasn’t surprised or she agreed because she simply looked challengingly back like… you wanted to meet her, now what are you going to do?

And honestly, he had no idea. This girl was weird even by his standards.

As they walked in the general direction of the Great Hall and Harry scratched his brain trying to figure out a quip to respond to that declaration with, he heard something like gas being let out of pipe—soft, but precise and piercing, something cold about it making the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. He blinked and looked around, thinking maybe it was a pipe or…

Daphne saw him look since she was walking slightly behind them, and raised a brow.

“Do you hear that?”

“Hear what?”

“Like a pipe or something.”

“Uh… not really?”

…ll… s….mi…

He stopped walking dead, instantly listening harder.

“Harry?”

“Shush,” he put a hand up and Melinda stopped too, both girls noticing his tone and giving him odd looks.

…ill…th…mine…

That was… not just a pipe hissing, those were words. Right!? It had to be… he just couldn’t quite tell what they were saying but it… it had to be words, he could almost make them out…

…l…oo long… ne… mine… kIlL…

He tensed up, definitely having heard that right. Daphne saw his face and punched his shoulder, and despite the force he didn’t even blink, just nodding to her unspoken demand.

“You seriously can’t hear that?”

“No—what on earth are you talking about?”

death

“Uhhh,” His eyes widening, hearing that loud as day and realizing that probably wasn’t a good sign. “Pretty sure it’s a disembodied voice.”

“That only you can hear?” Daphne challenged with one eyebrow cocked. He gave her a very unamused look.

“Ha ha, fine I’m crazy, everyone already knew that.” Cue eye roll. “But seriously Daphne, this is Hogwarts. A disembodied voice is not the weirdest thing in this castle,”

“He has a point.” Melinda allowed much to Daphne’s annoyance. “A ghost?”

“Then why am I the only one who can hear it?” He frowned.

hUnGRy… toO… loNg…

He felt a shiver race down his spine as it was definitely louder now, and the words unfortunately clearer.

That… is so not good.

“Also… whatever it is, it sounds unpleasant. Maybe a bit too malicious to be a ghost, least the ones we know of.”

“Hm… a dark object maybe?” Melinda considered thoughtfully, seeming more invested in being a detective than actually talking to him, which would be funny if he weren’t so distracted right now. “Lockhart is dumb enough to have one on him and not realize what it is.”

“That is a very good point that’s horrifyingly possible.” He admitted, before the hissing-pipe sound went off again and it… felt like something huge shifting against the ground. It set every hair on his arms on end, the same way looking up at a troll four times his height made him feel hyperaware of how small and not that good at magic he was.

The voice shifted… and it was definitely farther down that hall now.

“It’s moving,” he realized with eyes widening, only taking a step before Daphne had locked a hand around his upper arm with a grip commanding enough to leave bruises.

“And you were going to follow it!? You really are just Gryffindor enough to be an impulsive moron! Dumbass Gryffindor! Do not.” She scolded rather viciously for him having only taken a step.

“I am not a puppy Daphne,” he defended himself while shaking her off, but had to admit she had a point. “I just don’t want to just let it wander off… what if it’s truly dangerous and someone who, you know, can’t hear it stumbles on it first?”

The girls exchanged very loaded looks that seemed to say they were acknowledging he had a point… and also that they were not so very concerned about other people over their own hides. They weren’t Blaise though, they weren’t actually going to admit that out loud and now that he’d pointed it out they couldn’t ignore that the morally right thing would be to address it for the sake of others.

Still hesitant, Melinda offered an olive branch. “Well what was it saying, first of all?”

“Uh… kill… death… must eat...” He gave them a dry look. “You know, pleasantly harmless stuff like that.”

Daphne didn’t seem amused with his humor as her lips twisted into a vaguely McGonagall-like shape of disapproval and concern. “We should tell a teacher. Snape would take us seriously if we told him we thought it was a dark object… leaving out the bit where you were the one who heard it, that is.”

“True… problem being it went that way.” He pointed and both girls seemed to realize at once with a sinking expression on their faces… that he was definitely pointing towards the Slytherin common room. There was a moment of silence as they took in that unfortunate reality for a second.

Shockingly, Melinda was the one who moved first, straightening her posture back to its original ruler stiffness and lifting her chin high. “Then come to the common room with us and keep an ear out. If you can hear it in there then we have bigger problems anyway.”

Another brave Slytherin!

Harry was overjoyed to discover this but decided to keep it to himself as he highly doubted it’d be taken as a compliment.

“If you’re sure,” He said instead, and while Daphne didn’t look it, Melinda just nodded once and lead the way.

“This is…” Daphne shook her head. “No, I’ll shut up and you just keep an ear out,” She ordered him and he gave a mock-salute as he quickly tried to follow Melinda’s footsteps. She was quite a bit taller than the two of them actually and her legs significantly longer so he was very much almost jogging, to his annoyance.

Still, they made it to the common room surprisingly without further issue. He did keep an ear out but… they’d maybe spent too long talking about it and it had moved off somewhere else, his moment to follow it having been interrupted. Not that Daphne was wrong exactly, following disembodied, murderous voices probably was a bit too Gryffindor for his reputation—at least while standing next to two snakes. If he’d been with the twins he was sure they’d have followed it all night until they got bored or figured out what it was… or gotten cursed if it really was a dark object, but you know the twins were always down for something like that.

When they got to the common room Daphne opened the door for him and silently ordered him in while Melinda made a beeline down the hall—probably to go find Snape which Harry hoped wasn’t too far if he wasn’t going with them the whole way. Still, Melinda seemed to be a woman on a mission so he didn’t bother her as he just obeyed and went into the Slytherin dorm to wait for them.

He’d never actually been in here free range like this, he’d always been escorted by one of his Slytherins, although thankfully there was sparse attendance and it was super quiet apart from the sound of paper and quills scratching. It was reasonably late on Tuesday night after all so there was a peak amount of homework to be done.

He did a quick scan and grinned, seeing only one open snake at what he was now mentally referring to “Theo’s corner”, or the seating area containing the armchair he somehow knew Theo had claimed.

He plopped down at the table across from Blaise, who looked up from the essay he was writing and blinking a bit blearily, clearly not expecting anyone to come bother him and especially not expecting to see Harry Potter of all people grin widely at him.

“…wait… you don’t live here.” He noted far too late as his mind was clearly still deep on whatever work he’d been doing.

“I’m having troubles with a disembodied voice, don’t worry about it.” He waved it off before getting comfy in his chair to make the point.

The tall Slytherin seemed to visibly consider asking, before shaking his head and going back to writing his essay. Clearly it took more brain power than he currently had to expend on weird Gryffindors at the moment.

With a light snort Harry pulled out his own Charms textbook to start reading too. He didn’t really feel like doing homework but the snake den was one of the quietest places to get things done aside from the Library, and if Blaise (who was normally his biggest distraction here) was going to ignore him to do his work then it only seemed appropriate. Charms was not his favorite either so it he was forcing himself to work he might as well read the next chapter they were going to get to in class to make his life easier.

It wasn’t typically Harry’s style to just let any adults “handle it” on anything, but honestly bodyless voices, even foreboding ones, were not the weirdest thing Hogwarts had ever thrown at him. Not even the most dangerous frankly, so he was concerned for sure, but not alarmed. The idea that Lockhart unknowingly had a dark object on him was a bit too plausible unfortunately, and while he remembered Theo’s phrase of ‘just because it makes sense doesn’t make it true’, he was finding it hard to get worked up over it, much less actively think of what it could be if not that.

And of all the professors, Snape was pretty clear about his priorities. Although he may have been quite a bit of a bastard, he was nothing if not on Slytherin’s side and any danger to his own house would be looked into thoroughly. Of all he was, stupid was probably not one of them, so he would probably be able to do something about it, or at least identify the problem to a point. Moreso than Harry could at the moment, and more so than Harry wanted to at the moment with everything else he had going on.

Just this one time he’d let someone else deal with one of his problems—before it became one of ‘his problems’, actually.

It took longer than he expected for the girls to finish their business, as he’d actually fully completed the chapter and was making small notes about things he thought were going to come in handy in the margins when they returned, also slipping into the table and once again pulling Blaise from his deep thoughts.

“What party is this? I know I’m popular but I’m trying to do Potions homework here.” He complained sharply.

“We told Snape and he said he’d look into it.” Melinda confirmed, completely ignoring the grey heir much to his indignation.

“And when he says that…”

“He’ll run some scans for dark objects and other things I’m sure we don’t want to know about to double check.” Daphne nodded. “You didn’t hear anything here, right?”

“Nope…” he glanced at the mantle beside them which had been alarming silent too while he’d read, giving a put upon sigh. “Although someone silenced the mantle already. Drat.”

They scoffed. “Serves you right; pretty sure that was done within minutes of hearing about your little ability.”

He gave them a sly wink. “Too bad I made a deal to keep Blaise from telling everyone immediately so I had a full week before people found out to talk to every decorative snake in here. For the Slytherin common room there’s an appropriately absurd amount in here you know.”

Both Daphne and Melinda’s faces dropped like a ton of bricks, Daphne’s in particular going from amused to very much not amused in a heartbeat. Melinda just looked vaguely disgusted.

“You didn’t.”

“I was well compensated,” Blaise confirmed it himself as he went back to his homework, much to the girls’ unease.

Melinda made a face, properly disgusted now. “Next time I ask to do a deal with you… don’t involve him.” She gave Daphne a positively filthy look and the ravenette pinched the bridge of her nose.

“Harry, you didn’t have to tell us you did that.” She scolded, sounding very done with everything right about now.

“Oh but it’s so much more fun to see you sweat about it.” He told her brightly, and for some reason she stared at him in shock… before getting this furious look on her face and grabbing the nearest book on the table to chuck it at Blaise—who was not prepared for that and got hit in the shoulder, causing him to flail wildly in indignation.

“What was that for!?”

“It’s your fault!”

“What’s my fault?!?”

“He gets it from you!”

Blaise stopped mid-shout to do a double take, abruptly grinning happily. “Really? Oh I’m honored you think of me as a role model Harry dear—what else can I teach you? How much do you know about poison?”

Daphne gave a wordless shout and threw a pillow from the couch behind her at him, which he deftly dodged without dropping his grin an inch.

Harry wanted to politely decline so as not to play into Blaise’s insanity, but caught himself as he opened his mouth. He couldn’t help but admit knowing about poison, particularly when being friends with a future black widow, was probably a really handy skill to have. Who better to learn it from than directly from the source of the person most likely to poison him one day?

“Not much actually,” he admitted, clearly not against learning more, which caused Blaise to almost toss his homework behind him and clap his hands happily as if he was about to spill the juiciest gossip he knew.

“Yes!”

“Hell no,” Melinda rolled her eyes and walked away without another word as Daphne was abruptly armed with another pillow, a vein ticking in her forehead.

“Harry you can’t be serious!”

But the talk of poisons and Daphne being right there reminded him of something. “Actually Daphne you might want to sit down for this, cause I had an idea over the summer about poisons that the two of you might want a piece of.” He nodded, referencing to two heirs of grey business tycoons, and they blinked in surprise.

“We don’t deal together, you understand,” Blaise drawled like it was obvious, and Harry waved that off impatiently.

“Yeah whatever, then you two can fight over it.” He should probably be more concerned that Daphne was now more interested at the implication she’d get to pick a fight with the Zabini family as she obediently sat back down—still clutching the pillow to her chest though.

“Okay I’m listening. Piece of what?”

“Either of you two know a shop called Osmias’ Optical Solutions?”

000

“But they don’t teach Alchemy because Transfiguration is the more refined version of it these days. It’s like Transfiguration before Transfiguration was Transfiguration—the principles don’t apply anymore since Transfiguration disproved most of it. Or how like muggles think science replaced Alchemy from back in the dark ages,” Hermione pointed out, nevertheless pulling the right textbooks off the shelf and handing them over.

Mr. Flammel (Nick, as he apparently was fine with being called) had recommended several books on the topic, but Harry’s hadn’t wanted to merely write an inquiry to Bethany’s Books to ask if they had copies he could just buy, since he was worried Dumbledore would intercept that letter and get suspicious about why he was reading up on Alchemy textbooks… specifically ones he suspected Nick had recommended to Dumbledore himself back when they were closer friends. There was still a small chance he’d read that first letter he’d sent out to the Flammels after all, even if he was choosing to trust their enchanting abilities in keeping the rest of their correspondence from being read by outside eyes. More than a small chance actually... he'd sent that first letter with Hedwig as his main distraction from his more urgent and secretive letters, so the hope was actually that Dumbledore had read that one instead of any others, so it was safer to operate under the assumption that the Headmaster knew he'd been in contact with the Flammels, at least once.

Still, if he wanted to start reading them before a break when he could just go to Contrair Alley himself to buy them, his only bet was that Hogwarts had to have them buried somewhere in the library. And if you wanted to find an archaic non-class-related book, Hermione was your woman for the job. Or maybe Madam Peirce since technically she was the librarian, but she was scary… and adults who worked at this school were not safe from Dumbledore somehow eventually knowing about it too. Him bringing up very specific, supposedly outdated books would be of interest, even if only mildly, but Hermione true to form didn’t even question it.

Or, she did, but more about why he wanted these books at all.

“Well I really like Transfiguration and learning of the history of it seems interesting even if it’s not strictly useful anymore.” He half lied with a shrug. “But what I think is going to be the most useful part is the method of thinking Alchemy used.”

“Method of thinking?” Hermione repeated incredulously.

“Yeah, like questioning why everything is like it is. I wasn’t the best science student back in grade school but isn’t that like the scientific method? Questioning something then trying to prove it?” He’d paid attention in classes of course but his goal had been to do worse than Dudley: which was a difficult feat for sure. Getting the right answers had never been his objective and he was aware of the scientific method’s existence but couldn’t quite remember the details. He was fairly certain Nick’s description of questioning everything had sounded very familiar though.

Maybe he’d look into getting some muggle textbooks too; maybe Bethany’s Books would even have them given that might count as an ‘odd solution’ for a bookshop.

Or maybe Hermione would just tell him.

“The scientific method is making an observation, asking a question, forming a hypothesis, making predications of that hypothesis, testing the prediction, and then recording that to determine a new predication based on the test results.” She repeated almost automatically in a way that told Harry that was probably verbatim from some muggle textbook somewhere. Seeing his surprise she elaborated with a slight puffing up of her chest. “I got to take third form classes my last year at my old school.”

“Really? That’s just impressive,” here she was taking classes two years ahead while he would not be sharing his muggle school grades ever. It was still embarrassing even with the excuse he was trying to be a bad student. “I need to write that down though, I’ll definitely forget it.”

“I could walk you through it if you’d like?” She offered eagerly and while his first instinct was to say no (Hermione could go on about academic topics if he let her) he couldn’t ignore the eagerness in her voice.

“Sure, maybe we can start on this too, to see how the two relate,” He held up the Alchemy book and she made a face despite following him to the nearest empty table to set their things down.

“You can’t use that in any Transfiguration essays though, they’re not on the approved list.”

“There’s an approved list?” He blinked, almost doing a double take as he opened a brand-new journal he had on him to begin a new subject of notes. “Of Transfiguration textbooks?”

“Of course! You have to use something credible after all for actual work.”

“Then what’s the point of having an entire library at our disposal if we can’t use certain books? And when did we get that list?” He asked incredulously and she paused, tilting her head slightly.

“Oh… just for information purposes then, I guess. And it’s on the back of the rubric!”

“There’s a rubric?”

“Harry.” Hermione sounded very disappointed, and honestly Harry was too. He apparently wasn’t as good of a student as he thought he was.

“Okay my bad, but I haven’t gotten below an O yet so I’m doing something right.” He was also starting to doubt his sanity because he was fairly certain McGonagall hadn’t handed out a rubric… ever? Maybe once or twice, maybe even with the syllabus at the start of the year that he may or may not have immediately thrown out, but certainly not after assigning each bit of homework or essay.

He would probably just ask the Transfiguration teacher himself if he was crazy or not though—he could only imagine Hermione would get very worked up if he started arguing with her about the existence of a homework rubric.

“Let’s just start with the scientific methods again—what were the steps?” She was happy to be distracted and repeated the steps again, even slow enough he could jot them down correctly. It did seem very logical and he decided to just jump right in. “Okay, my first observation then is that rocks are harder than wood.”

Hermione blinked at him widely.

“…what? Of course they are?” She sounded very confused, much to his amusement.

“Yeah but we’re talking Alchemy here which is the study of stuff. Materials and such. So, my observation is that rocks are harder than wood. Then according to this, I need a hypothesis.”

“Well… wood is organic. Rocks are minerals.”

He frowned, thinking that over…

“Okay, maybe I went too broad… maybe I should just focus on rocks. Some rocks are harder than other rocks. And my hypothesis is that some rocks are made of cotton.”

She jerked back a little, as if almost affronted. “What!? No they’re not!”

“Yeah but this is just my hypothesis. So I then I’m gonna make a prediction that if I set certain rocks on fire, they’ll burn. If none of the rocks burn then I’ll get a new hypothesis, and eventually whittle down what a rock isn’t. Right?”

“I mean… that’s how the scientific method would work, but you already know it’s not cotton.” She insisted.

He gave a sly little grin, taking a pebble he happened to have in his pocket (you never know when the Transfiguration need would arise so he always had a collection of weird things in his pockets—turning pebbles into mice had literally saved is life only a couple months ago so he wasn’t about to let that go anytime soon) and slipping out his wand. He put the pebble on the table and taped it gently with a simple wand movement following quickly after.

“Isn’t it though?” he picked up the little tuft of cotton the rock had turned into and she blinked rapidly at him.

“Well of course now it is, you just transfigured it!”

“So say I burn this? Would the ashes revert back into a rock when I cancel the spell?”

Now she looked mad for some reason. “You can’t just make up your own rules if you’re trying to disprove a hypothesis!”

“I’m trying to figure out what the rules even are.” He insisted. “Like you can’t Transfigure lead into gold permanently, but why? Even if you disfigure the gold it simply reverts to lead eventually—but you can permanently transfigure lead into glass or wood. Why is gold special? If I do this will I find any special rocks that can’t be turned into cotton or go back to rocks if they’re burned? Do you think I’d find a pattern there?”

“But why does it matter?”

“Because I want to know how it works.” He shrugged. “Doesn’t it bother you that even teachers sometimes just say ‘because magic’ for the reason about why some things are what they are? What if there’s some kind of science that can back some stuff up? I mean wouldn’t it be science if we start testing spells like they’re only theories that can be disproven?”

“Theories aren’t hypotheses,” She corrected automatically and he tried not to roll his eyes.

“But you see what I’m saying right?”

“I guess so.” Although she didn’t look too amused. “But this won’t help you on any homeworks or essays.”

“Believe it or not Hermione, I actually don’t care too much about homework.” He admitted, and now she looked actually insulted. “You’re the best of our class by a longshot, don’t you like knowing things just for the sake of knowing them?”

“I guess so,” but she really didn’t sound convinced, although the compliment to her intelligence did relax her some. “But you’re not going to find real answers, probably only more questions. Someone has bound to have already done this in making Alchemy outdated so the answers are probably somewhere in upper year Transfiguration books.”

Which is a really good point… made by someone who had 100% faith in the teachers and book-writers of years past.

Harry had approaching zero faith in humanity at this point in his life and was a bit more of a skeptic in people’s ability to… well, do anything really.

If anything, he was almost positive if a muggleborn started trying to incorporate the scientific method into a Transfiguration textbook, it wouldn’t be in the Hogwarts library. Hell, it might not even have made it to being published if the owners of the publishing companies were pureblood—which they almost undoubtedly were and almost undoubtedly did, given that despite the “modern” age your blood status still seemed to be at least 70% of your prospective future career status in the wizarding world.

“I’ve read a bunch of those Transfiguration books… let’s just say I’m pretty sure no one has considered trying to disprove a Transfiguration spell before. If it works, people write a book on what they did without much detail on why or how they got there. In fact, that seems to be nasty habit most wizards have.” He complained lightly.

She opened her mouth to clearly argue and he cut her off gently. “And you may be right, and it is already in a book somewhere I just haven’t read yet—I would still like to do the experiments myself to figure it out my own way. I’m a hands-on learner like that.”

Hermione seemed to sit back and accept that reasoning a bit better than the “books could be wrong” concept which Harry was starting to think might be a loosing battle.

“Well burning rocks is probably not the safest place to start. In science class before, we used to put stones in water to see which ones float or dissolve, so that’s probably safer.”

“Good point,” He couldn’t exactly start lighting things on fire in the library—that is how one got themselves banned from the library probably. “I actually did some reading last year on types of rocks so we can start by brainstorming all the types of rocks we can and then let’s go throw it in the lake to see what happens.” He suggested, and while Hermione rolled her eyes at the ridiculousness of it all, she did smile a bit excitedly at the idea of using science to figure out how magic might work.

“I think I know a couple books that can help with that,” She offered.

Because of course she did.

Harry just let her go grab them and got to work, thinking a bit more about rocks on a Saturday afternoon than he honestly thought he ever would.

000

It was later at night when he’d laid in bed and totally failed to get to sleep that he was at his desk, quill in hand again to face something he’d been putting off for a bit too long. Spending the afternoon discussing and throwing rocks into a lake with Hermione, while very fun and surprisingly informative, had not been the greatest use of his time… or, it was, it just also reminded him he did have some bigger things to address. Or, more important and time-sensitive things to address and he simply had not been willing to confront it yet.

And it took form of the letter on his desk he still hadn’t responded to, with a man on the other end who really probably needed a response right about now.

Remus Lupin.

His letter was… nice? No, it was nice. He sounded like an extremely genuine guy, and that made Harry feel all the guiltier for his rather unkindly thoughts on the dilemma placed before him. A dilemma Remus had been only so kind as to explain fully and simultaneously exonerate him from any obligation or responsibility in dealing with it if he didn’t want to.

Which made it even worse somehow.

First, hearing about how werewolves were treated by the world from Daphne had set his teeth on edge, in a vaguely infuriated but hopeless sort of way. He was dead set on changing the Gryffindor/Slytherin dynamic, but he could only really handle one social systemic issue at a time, and somehow fixing the house issue sounded easier than the werewolf one. Not that he didn’t care, but that was not on his immediate list of things to be able to fix.

In fact, it sounded like he’d need to be an adult in a position of power to do shit about it, sort of like a Mr. Malfoy-like position rather than a twelve-year-old Hogwarts student.

He’d marked it down as a long-term goal but he wasn’t nearly there yet—he had far too many short-term things that needed to happen first.

Second, hearing about Remus fighting for him from Axeclaw was… huge.

It was massive, actually, and the main reason Harry couldn’t push it from his mind even temporarily… even if he maybe wanted to. The first thing on his list was getting Sirius Black a trial, but he couldn’t just set the Remus issue aside for once that was cleared. His mind and his heart literally could not shake it and sometimes he’d find the reminder wiggling in the back of his brain and he only felt guilty for trying to ignore it.

Besides, it was all connected somehow. According to Daphne, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, Peter Pettigrew, and his own father had been best friends, and something had gone horribly, horribly wrong.

Harry didn’t know the exact timing of it all, but if he thought about it from Remus’ perspective… James and Lily Potter had died because Sirius Black betrayed them (theoretically) and killed Peter Pettigrew. By that logic, that betrayal probably happened all at one time or someone would’ve been able to stop it… so really, Remus Lupin had lost all four of his supposed best friends in on go. Be it one day or over a couple days… that had to have been one of the worst weeks of his life.

Against his will Harry imagined loosing Draco and Neville within a couple days of each other and physically could not form the thought from how hard his whole body rejected the idea. Add maybe Seamus, Dean, Fred, George, Blaise, Theo… any of them also dying or disappearing at once and he felt positively sick to his stomach.

To be totally honest, Harry wasn’t sure he’d outlive them all by long if that actually happened.

And then… in the midst of what had to be an almost inhuman amount of grief, Remus had still decided to fight for the orphaned child of his now dead best friends despite probably knowing no one would even treat him like a human being for the attempt. He’d gone for it anyway and been laughed out of the ministry. He’d been rejected by society itself and needed to flee to the muggle world just to have basic human rights… and then if what Daphne said was true, would still be haunted and harassed by wizards who just wanted to kick the werewolf occasionally to let him know he still wasn’t human enough to be given kindness or even just left in peace.

Harry was mad Remus had never reached out before. There was no denying it, he couldn’t change how he felt about it. There was resentment and some genuine bitterness this man had never even tried once in eleven years before Harry had reached out first.

But he accepted those feelings and decided he could forgive, too. He would forgive, and he would do better as a person… be more like Neville if he could, because eleven years or not, today would be different. He blamed Remus for not reaching out but frankly it sounded like Remus was blamed quite a bit for many things not his fault so Harry was going to keep those harsh thoughts to himself.

He’d re-read Remus’ letter many, many times… the way he rambled a bit as if not wanting to stop writing because he knew this might be his only chance if Harry decided he didn’t want to keep in contact… and this very melancholy as he knew he couldn’t keep a letter going forever and that he needed to confess what he thought Harry didn’t know. It showed some real grit that he had the mettle to come out and openly confess what he clearly fully expected to cause Harry to never speak to him again. Not necessarily because he wanted to, but because he was hyper aware of how it could impact Harry’s own future.

Another reason Harry would never voice his resentment: Remus’ logic of having him not be associated with a werewolf was out of concern for his future. He clearly didn’t know that Harry would’ve gladly taken that stigma in exchange for never having set foot on the Dursleys doorstep.

Then again, if Remus had raised me, I wouldn’t know how bad the Dursleys truly were. Grass is always greener, as they say.

He sighed wryly to himself.

With all of that bouncing around his head and gnawing away at his stomach, there was no godly reason Harry shouldn’t have written Remus back right then and there after getting his letter. His words about… about how his parents would’ve been proud of him, the pictures… pictures he’d mostly had from Hagrid’s photo album except one he’d never seen before that he absolutely loved to bits… pictures that were more than a little worn to the point Harry honestly thought Remus probably gave him his only copies from how well-loved but shabby they were…

Remus Lupin deserved more than this, just from what little Harry knew of the man by now.

There was a kindness to him that Harry knew he himself didn’t have. A silent, painful resistance and pride that reminded him too much of Neville.

He deserves more than my selfishness, and I haven’t even met the man properly, he slumped in his chair, a dark cloud forming over his head.

“My family doesn’t care and since you were raised with muggles maybe you won’t care… but I know families like the Malfoys—they’ll care a lot.”

Just like he couldn’t shake this need to write back to Remus, he couldn’t forget Daphne’s words either.

He couldn’t forget Draco’s face when Axeclaw told him about Remus being a werewolf. How Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy had said nothing.

He knew what the Slytherins would say. Let’s pretend they weren’t biased against werewolves and just avoided them for the politics of it all, each and every one of them would tell him not to do it. Think of his future… think of what he was trying to do with them. He could almost see some of their annoyed, if not betrayed faces when he told them he was essentially choosing a werewolf over ever playing their game again. After he’d tried so hard, after he was still trying so hard… he’d need to leave the board for good if they knew he was friends with a werewolf.

And that was only if they didn’t actually care, it was just politics… like Daphne’s attitude about it all. She seemed fine with it but was dead serious about never bringing it up to her again. Harry was pretty sure Theo would actively hate it and stop talking to him, and… and he was pretty sure Draco would not be thrilled.

He might make the effort because this was important to Harry… but he would not be happy about it. Somehow he just knew that.

But I’m not a Slytherin, I’m a fucking Gryffindor. Neville would actually give up on me if he ever found out I cut Remus out just because he was a werewolf—that’s too far, even for me.

No… he was definitely going to write Remus back. He wanted Remus in his life, and despite still feeling uncertain about the whole thing in general, that much was solidly true. If nothing else, he wanted to get to know Remus more, and that was a defined fact.

Remus deserves more than me, he winced at the unkind, but brutally honest thought.

It was just… he was absolutely going to write Remus back, he just hadn’t yet because… he needed to be smart about it.

The cruel truth was that Harry’s future would be severely handicapped by being openly connected to Remus. He still wanted the man in his life, so the obvious answer was that the connection simply couldn’t be open.

But how the honest fuck was he supposed to put that in a letter exactly? How was he supposed to tell this man that yes, he wanted to keep writing him letters but oh, can this whole thing be secret please? Can you just not tell anyone you know me and I’ll do the same?

He sunk darkly into his chair, depressed. He was selfish and vain as a defined personality trait, but that was over a line even by his standards.

But what else was he supposed to do!? Remus even specifically said so himself: if Harry risked his future for Remus’ sake, he wouldn’t be happy about that either. Remus would only blame himself even harder for something he couldn’t control and Harry would hate that too, on top of never be able to run for prime minister.

Annoyed at the conundrum he sat up sharply and ripped off a new piece of parchment from it stack and slammed it onto the desk in front of him. He needed to get over it: if Remus had the balls to broach hard topics without hesitation, Harry owed him the same decency. He didn’t have time to find a better solution, it’d been several days already and at this point Remus was probably thinking he’d chosen to never write him back and feeling like shit right now. And that also made Harry feel extremely guilty with every passing hour he still hadn’t written this damn letter.

In exchange for doing this to him, I’ll do something useful with my freedom. Forget the shop or whatever halfass idea that was; if I’m going to hide our connection and make him hide it too, then I’ll make it up to him by using that to actually be minister or something—and I’ll make werewolf laws or something so no one can touch him again.

If he’d learned anything from infiltrating Slytherin house, is that you couldn’t do anything from the outside. You had to be one of them to start making change—so he had to make everyone think he was one of them and start changing things before they realized he was just an imposter trying to get his way. He had to make them think he was just this normal wizard who didn’t care for werewolves at best like every other normal wizard out there, and then only when he was making laws or creating some system to protect werewolves would people realize he’d been lying to them the whole time.

You know, like a Slytherin.

Gryffindor was going to fucking hate him for this if they ever found out, but he honestly didn’t care. He was going for results, not the moral high ground here.

If he truly were Slytherin he wouldn’t write back at all, but as it was established he definitely would be writing back, he was still Gryffindor enough for his moral compass for the time being.

He forced himself to start writing, wincing a bit as he hated his own words that he needed to get down onto the page… but also feeling slightly relieved and hopeful that despite this horrid start, it would be a start of something new and very hopefully important.





Chapter 50: Book 2 : Envy : 17


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Harry knew he had messed up when someone caught his hand tightly and almost pulled him off his feet to stop him from walking obliviously into what sounded to be a shouting match.

He startled, and blinked up at a very tense looking Dean who just dragged him further up the Gryffindor dorm stairs back towards their room where he’d just come from—it was only then he noticed there was some shouting going on in the main common room down below that was distinctly less chaotic and friendly than it normally was. In fact, it sounded like an argument that was actually rather sour in nature.

“What’s happening?” He blinked, only going up a few steps before he refused to move and Dean just sighed.

“Ron’s at it again.”

“Ron?” He blinked and listened… realizing he recognized those voices. And one was a very distinctive Irish brogue. “Seamus and Ron are going at it?”

That was totally news to him… he hadn’t given Ron Weasley much thought at all this year since… why would he? He had enough problems and the piggishly insensitive comments his fellow red head constantly brought up without thinking was not something he had time for. Come to think of it though, he’d stopped seeing him at the football club which was just fine by him. Them both being there was only ever a tenuous truce at best and Harry had to actively force himself to be cordial and pass him the ball to be a good teammate, not because he actually wanted to. Ron choosing not to show up on his own was a pleasant convenience and nothing more, so far as Harry was concerned.

“They do that sometimes.” Dean said by way of explanation, like that wasn’t something completely new to Harry.

“I didn’t realize,” He admitted, looking down the stairs towards the common room once more, Dean putting a hand on his shoulder to stop him before he even considered going down anyway.

“Yeah, I know. We all know.” Dean sounded both exasperated and amused all at once. “Seamus has been actively trying to keep you two apart and on the most part Ron’s been keeping to that, but he’s got new friends who are just encouraging him to be even more of a git than he already is.”

“New friends…” Harry repeated slowly, realizing quite suddenly that it was extremely stupid to think that he could monopolize the Gryffindor second years and expect Ron to just… I don’t know, disappear? Clearly he had to go somewhere, he lived with them for hell’s sake, had all the same classes they did… and he was still human so he’d clearly been sitting with someone at meals and during breaks. And it clearly hadn’t been any of their year who Harry was firmly all friends with, nor first years since Harry also had a tight watch over them too, which meant…

Upper year Gryffindors. Who, according to Neville, were probably the people in the school most ready to hex him for being so chummy between houses. Clearly them and Ron had something in common for their distaste of Harry Potter, and being friends with older kids probably made the thick-headed Weasley a bit braver and feel more untouchable than he’d be normally on his own.

“I’m so sorry,” he breathed, a sinking feeling in his chest making it a bit hard to swallow. He couldn’t help but think this was all his fault… and he hadn’t even realized Seamus was playing referee for him behind his back. Or maybe not behind his back at all, maybe Harry really was just that bad of a friend to have not noticed.

“You don’t have to be sorry, he does it cause he wants to,” Dean shrugged, eyes flickering at him in something slightly searching, as if visibly trying to dissect what was going through Harry’s mind right then. “You can thank him later though; let’s just go back up.”

Harry still hadn’t made up his mind on if he wanted to respect Seamus’ attempt to help him by staying out of it or go down there to save him from the second youngest Weasley’s stupidity, when a loud shout seemed to echo up the stairwell from the argument below them, just a touch louder than the rest of it, and bellowed in a fit of rage.

“HE’S A FREAK!”

…

Harry blinked, and just for a split second, the stone stairwell was too-white linoleum and it was littered with crushed porcelain—the smell of sweat and warm soapy dishwater and terror like a solid presence on his tongue. Terror tasted like copper, in a nasty way. A numbing way, even, as it made the tip of your tongue too heavy to speak.

He coughed as he realized too late he’d forgotten to breath. The stairwell smelt sharply castle-like… old and slightly musty stone that you tended to not notice after a while but it was still an ancient castle, magical or not.

“Harry?” Dean had grabbed onto his shoulder more tightly but he couldn’t meet his eyes. What had just…?

"Bad little brother," a new voice joined in suddenly—and this time it was alarmingly close to the stairwell entrance, along with the sound of a light scuffle. Harry would’ve said he recognized it, if it weren’t filled to the brim with something close to unadulterated venom.

"What the hell is wrong with you!?" A similar, but somehow more distressed voice joined in. "Apologies everyone, we're going to have words with little Ronnikins here,"

"You dumbass,"

"What are you—hey let go of me! Guys what are you-!?"

Dean tried to pull them away but it was just too late, and then suddenly three Weasley brothers were on the stairs right in front of them—all three freezing solid in shock to see who was staring back at them. It would’ve been funny in any other situation, with Fred and George practically holding Ron up between the two of them to forcibly drag him up the stairs, only to freeze solid. Even Ron’s stupid freckly face was just a mask of total shock as they stared each other down. It was so stupidly timed it was practically a cliché comedy sitcom, but the only person here who’d get that here would be Dean.

Going by his face though he probably wouldn’t appreciate the comment though.

Heh… and Harry didn’t actually find it that funny after all.

One of the twins got there first, expression shattering into horror.

“Oh fuck. Please tell me you didn’t hear any of that.”

His twin immediately mirrored that expression while Ron’s face went tomato red in an instant.

“Well I meant it!” He defended himself defiantly, trying to thrash out of their grip but the twins immediately refocused on wrestling him into submission.

“Shut the hell up Ron!” Dean snapped, but as he put a hand on Harry’s arm again, Harry automatically jerked out of it, face getting incredibly hot out of total mortification of this situation.

This can’t actually be happening, he wanted to whimper and only barely managed to weld his mouth shut and prevent anything from coming out. He didn’t know what to do or say, and he was horrified that he felt tears prick at the corners of his eyes.

In his head, large, kind hands had been slowly sewing him together over the course of the past several weeks. Each thread a kind smile from someone who meant something to him, a casual conversation over good food, a distraction that left him feeling playful and light.

It almost made him forget that he still had gaping holes carved into his brain, and as the threads strained to hold that vast hollowness together he was reminded of how feeble he really was.

And god he just… he hated feeling this way.

It used to be alarming and terrifying and his breath would come too quick as he felt like he was going to come apart at the seams… but now he was just tired. Just totally exhausted and done with having his day trampled on and totally fucking ruined by something as stupid as a word or a glance or a mere change in the wind that reminded him of something—anything—that wasn’t his carefully constructed paper mâché world of a carefree Hogwarts student who had nothing worse going on in his head than a Potions exam to prepare for, or a quidditch game to win.

It wasn’t Ron.

Okay, maybe it was. A bit.

This time it was Ron, but that wasn’t what made his arms hang limply at his sides and his shoulders seem to lose whatever energy was holding them up.

So it was kind of about Ron, but it wasn’t really about Ron.

It was really how bloody tired he was of needing to be on edge with his own mind. Because of fucking course his totally fine day was now just in shambles and there wasn’t anything he could do about it but stew in it until he had to put on a brave face for someone else… and he just didn’t have the energy right now.

He 100% would’ve turned around and just gone back to bed, but that was where the Weasley brothers were headed, and it was also where Dean would undoubtedly be able to follow him to ask if he was okay.

Perish the thought.

He just wanted out because this was mortifying and just yet another moment he couldn’t keep it together, and at this point it wasn’t even upsetting, it was just flat out bullshit. Frustrating and constricting. Why couldn’t he just be normal for hell’s sake!?

Get it together.

He was plowing past the three blocking his way before he knew it, holding his breath as if he needed to steel himself to make it past much more dangerous obstacles than some classmates. If they said anything he didn’t hear it, almost pointedly ignoring them—blocking everything out if he could, actually.

The common room felt oppressive and hot. He felt eyes and felt the quiet that rained down on them all when they realized who had just come from the stairwell, and he only made it halfway before he just ran.

Who cares. Just get out.

It didn’t matter what they thought. That they saw him flee like a very un-lion-like coward.

It really, honestly didn’t matter.

He recalled that he liked running when he was in the hallway. The endorphins once you pushed past the start, the familiar rhythm… there was nothing to push past this time either as he was just running, and then it became normal and something he could do when he couldn’t do literally anything else.

So he didn’t stop.

000

Hagrid was who-knows where… probably in the Forbidden Forest or doing something in the castle or… something.

So Harry was sitting in the grounds keeper’s garden behind a truly ridiculously sized pumpkin. A Hagrid-sized pumpkin, he should say. He had never grown pumpkins himself but he thought it was a stupidly large pumpkin for this early in October—usually they came ready to harvest a bit later than this, but then again this was Hogwarts. Magic could probably be involved…and although he thought Hagrid couldn’t use magic, he also was very suspicious about that pink umbrella he carried around that was in no way large enough to protect even his large fluffy head from a bit of rain should he get caught in it. In any case, the keeper of the keys had never indicated he cared much about rain or fussed over getting a little wet to be so openly devoted to carrying a tiny pink umbrella around with him at all times.

Wasn’t any of his business though, probably.

The large pumpkin worked in his favor as it was large enough for him to sit in quite comfortably should it be hollowed out, so was more than enough to hide him if he nestled himself between it and the garden wall, a large bush of some plant he did not recognize to his side and hiding him quite effectively. The fact his invisibility cloak was, for once, actually up over his head and actively invisible was just extra insurance.

There was also a lot of beetles in a garden, and something he’d learned from his transfiguration sprint last year, was that beetles were awesome mediums to play around with some low-level transfiguration spells. Beetles to buttons was one of the first spells he learned that were technically above his current level last year, and he’d slowly been picking around at turning beetles into other things too. Beetles were particularly interesting in that the way their tiny bodies were built, if you did partial transfiguration spells, you could turn a beetle into anything of an equally reasonable size, and that new creation would always keep its pretty rainbow-colored wings of its previous form. One might think doing partial spells would technically mean you’re doing the spell wrong, but in reality with his new theory of how spells fall when you cast them… it was more a matter of just never letting the spell fall all the way. He could perfectly control at what point the spell stopped so he could play around with turning beetles into other things but stop it just before it lost its wings.

The wings didn’t get much stronger than they were originally, but that’s why beetles were perfect. Ants and flies had tiny little weak wings that couldn’t do anything but lift an ant or a fly body. Beetle wings, Harry was learning, could lift flowers or feathers and more. The garden had limited materials with which to test what beetle wings could lift, but it was definitely a lot more than Harry was expecting. They could probably lift even more if he could somehow play with their size… maybe enlarge the beetles first before transfiguring it, making it one smooth movement to seem like one seamless spell? They just started learning about the engorgement charm in class recently which was probably his answer, but he didn’t have quite the knack or the desire to be so playful with charms as he was with transfiguration. For the right purpose he could probably find the motivation, though he certainly didn’t have that motivation today. Maybe something to consider later.

He didn’t know how long he half-sat, half-squished himself behind Hagrid’s pumpkin playing with beetles so that he was thinking of nothing but the wonderful distraction that magic was, but he’d made quite a lot of progress into changing beetles into floating, flying flowers by the time someone inevitably intruded on his little bubble.

He was planning on it being Hagrid. The man wouldn’t notice him hidden in his garden on his way back to his hut unless he was specifically stopping by the garden for some reason and Harry had to reveal himself in order to not get stepped on, but in any case he’d been prepping himself to untangle his legs from beneath the pumpkin and go follow the keeper inside for a gallon of tea and some rock cakes when he did make it back. After sitting on the soft, slightly damp dirt of the garden for some untold amount of time, the blazing fire that was always going in the tiny shack was more than welcome too. Hagrid was a presence that didn’t count towards his ‘I don’t want to talk to anyone’ mood he was in, Hagrid was just… Hagrid. Large, fluffy, unjudgmental, kind Hagrid who wouldn’t even question it but would undoubtedly be totally thrilled to see him as always.

That’s all he really wanted right now, to be honest. To have someone overjoyed to see him but to not ask if he was alright or any other pointed question he wasn’t in the mood for.

Unfortunately, it wasn’t Hagrid who tracked him down. He wasn’t… displeased to see them, but they definitely were not his top picks at the moment given what had just happened. He had half a mind to just sit silently there while invisible and let them walk right by him… but he heard the garden gate clang open and the soft crunching of feet against the dirt were coming right for him.

Something went off in his instincts and he somehow just knew that they knew he was here.

It was a split second decision, but he wasn’t ready tell anyone about his invisibility cloak, so he just tossed the hood back and was immediately visible again. Just in the nick of time too, as despite how much advanced warning that was, he was still surprised enough to have his heart jump when two pairs of eyes peered over his pumpkin curiously to spot him.

“Well hello there Apples.” One of the twins noted in a ‘surprise’ that did in fact not feel like surprise at all.

“How the hell did you know I was here?” He pouted, and they grinned in sync.

“We have our ways.”

Harry groaned and slumped a bit more into the dirt under him, continuing to spin his wand in his hand, making no move to get out from his hiding spot even after being caught. With a careless flick of his wrist, a slightly flattened yellow tulip with shiny wings splattered with a harmless little puff directly into one of their faces, and the automatic pout told Harry that one was most likely George. Probably.

"Just so you know,” Fred hummed a bit gentler than the twins normally were, while George spat petals out of his mouth in annoyance, “We locked him up where no one will find him. We'll let him out tomorrow."

"Probably." George clarified a bit too cheerfully. Which was a lie since they had classes tomorrow and if Ron skipped then Percy would be after the twins’ blood and they weren’t about to be hassled that much.

No need to elaborate who he was but honestly Harry was beyond Ron Weasley at the moment, although the twitch he felt in the back of his brain remembering the echoing insult around the stairwell certainly didn’t feel good… it wasn’t the cause of his mood.

The irony of the fact that Ron was probably locked in a broom cupboard somewhere was not lost on him. Given he knew what it was like to be trapped, one would assume he’d feel more sympathy than the average person on the topic.

He didn’t though. Despite knowing he should care a lot more, he calmly noted his own apparent lack of mercy and decided to ignore it.

"Can you do that?" He lifted a brow casually, and got a synchronized shrug.

"We're his brothers,"

"It's more allowable than if someone else did it, right?"

"I suppose…"

"Either way…" Both clapped their hands loudly in front of them at the same instant and did an odd little bowing motion with their heads. Given they were peering over a pumpkin it was an awkward pose, but Harry assumed if they’d been standing face to face normally they would’ve been bowing to him.

"We apologize for our brother."

"He's always been a thick idiot,"

"We never paid him much attention other than pranking him to realize he'd gotten so…"

"Yeah. Bad or whatever the hell that was."

"It surprised us too, we never expected that behavior form him."

"But it's not acceptable and we're sorry."

They repeated their motion once more and Harry could only blink at them in surprise. But that was… nice?

"You two don't have to apologize for his actions. You've always been nice to me, and he's always been a, uh…"

Hm, they are his brothers so I shouldn’t be too harsh maybe…

"A jealous prick?" George helpfully filled in for him and Harry nodded his allowance. He probably would’ve been a bit harsher but that was still accurate.

"Who knew? We weren't expecting it," Fred scratched the side of his nose balefully.

"Should've seen it coming; he's our little brother so it's our responsibility to knock him straight when he's being a prick."

"And we've been sorely lacking in our responsibilities, and you've paid the price for it."

Harry couldn’t help but smile at them. That was another Gryffindor thing he’d never really had a chance to wrap his head around, or maybe it was a sibling thing his orphan ass just missed out on. Taking accountability for others… Harry just couldn’t imagine doing that. He was accountable for himself but everyone else made their own decisions; why would he apologize for the way someone else acted?

The closest thing he could think of was him defending Draco to the other Gryffindors his year, but even then that was more convincing them to give the Slytherin a chance and letting Draco make his own impressions. He could act on behalf of someone, but for them?

He was starting to see it a little better with Colin, Luna, and the other first years. He did feel partly… involved? If that was the right word… he was involved with them and felt the urge to guide and teach and help them if they needed it. If Colin were to go around snapping pictures without consent like he did when he first got to Hogwarts, Harry would probably feel a little personally offended that the boy had just ignored him and went back to his less-civilized habits. He’d only known Colin a couple weeks though, the twins had had Ron as their brother for twelve years. They were way more involved and invested in Ron’s life just because they’d lived in the same house and had shared the same world for most of their lives together.

Harry didn’t have someone he was so close to that he felt invested in how they acted or were perceived by others. Draco maybe? He cared of course, but he wasn’t Draco’s keeper, the guy could do what he wanted. He could be proud or annoyed by his friend’s choices but like hell was he ever going to speak about those choices to others on Draco’s behalf. Not enough to need to apologize for sure.

It was just an odd thought. New. And he had no idea if it was a lion thing or a sibling thing.

Either way, he wasn’t sitting behind a pumpkin because of anything the twins did or did not do, that’s for sure, and they deserved to know that.

He shot them a reassuring smile "Thank you for sticking up for me, but I make a point to judge people on who they are, not who their families are. You two have always been good upperclassmen, good friends even. Ron has always been rude and cannot seem to respect personal boundaries neither verbally nor physically. That's on him, not you."

He bit lip for a moment, hesitating only a brief second before deciding and giving them a warmer smile. "I shouldn't have let someone like him get to me that way. I'm not going to let him bother me again, so don't you two worry. You two are fine as you are and I think he's learned his lesson after whatever you've done to him."

Fred smiled just as warmly back, but over his own smile George narrowed his eyes suspiciously.

“No offense Apples but you never struck me as the gracious type like that.” He called him out with a playful tone, which Harry automatically rolled his eyes at. Goddamn George being the more cynical of the two immediately knew the fluffy, politically correct answer (according to a Gryffindor at least) wasn’t all there was to it.

“I mean we’re good… I’m not about to like Ron though.”

“Fair.” He sniffed delicately. “We wouldn’t ask you to be after what he’s done.”

“How much of that did you hear, exactly? If you don’t mind saying.” Fred frowned nervously.

“Honestly, not much.” Harry plopped his head back and it bumped against the garden wall thickly. “It wasn’t just Ron, I was kind of in a bad mood already. I should’ve just…” he trailed off, because he wasn’t actually sure what he should’ve done. Not given a shit like he used to not care?

If only he could do that again. He wasn’t sure when he’d lost his ability to ignore unimportant things that only served to bring him down. Ron definitely should’ve fallen into that category.

“I mean you deserve to be at peace in your own dorm.”

So does Ron, the devil’s advocate side of him unhelpfully chimed up, but he was uncharitable enough not to say that out loud. He made a face automatically though.

“So… if you forgive us, we hope this means when we invite you to ours you’ll still say yes?” Fred chirped up hopefully. “We were planning to invite you for a holiday sometime but we underestimated how much you and Ron don’t get on apparently.”

“Ron will unfortunately be there but we’ve got three other brothers and Ginny—and Mum would eviscerate Ronny if he so much as glared at you in her presence, trust us.” George swore.

“Plus Luna lives right across the valley, I know you and her get on.”

That pulled a small smile from him and he gave a brief, airy laugh. “Thanks guys. I guess it would depend, but with you two and Ginny and then I guess your mom too he’d be outnumbered, so I could probably deal with it. I do live with him now and he’s never said any of that to my face since the other guys in the dorm don’t side with him either.”

Ron was only getting brave because he had upper classmen on his side—they were probably there in the common room during that scene with Seamus which gave him confidence. When he was outnumbered or the minority, at least right now he didn’t have the courage to say anything against the majority, and like it or not Harry had enough friends at this point for it to be really hard for someone without an actual spine to confront him head on.

Luckily for him, Ron didn’t know how hard he’d been struggling lately. He didn’t know if he confronted Harry outright, he’d probably just crumble into a sobbing mess if Neville wasn’t right beside him when it happened.

And Harry could only imagine the ego boost Ron would get from crushing him like that, as publicly as he could make it if he could manage to swing that.

Yeah, it was for the best only people like Neville and Draco knew how unstable he really was in the wake of the summer.

“Yay!” Fred cheered, ignorant of Harry’s darker thoughts and gleefully already planning what they’d do on holiday. “You can have his bed, he can sleep on the floor.” He offered up brightly, jerking his head at his twin.

“Oi,” George was not amused. “How about you sleep on the floor?”

“I’m older.”

“Mum can’t keep us straight as teenagers, there’s no way she kept us straight as babies. I could be older!”

“That’s a depressing thought.” Harry chimed into their back-and-forth routine lazily and they shrugged in sync.

“Magical twins, what can you do?” One of them huffed with a dramatic, put-upon sigh.

That wasn’t a term Harry recognized though, as he tilted his head curiously. “Magical twins?” He repeated.

“Yeah, even our magical cores are too similar to tell apart.”

“Before we learned to speak not even healers could tell us apart— unless Mum was up for getting one of us a muggle tattoo or something there’s just no way to tell, and she clearly wasn’t going to agree to that.”

“Our uncles, her brothers, were magical twins too and they had the same problem.”

“Neither knew which one was older till the day they died,” They recounted as if it were the most dramatic story ever told and Harry really was interested.

“What if they just put a block on one, not the other? Or different blocks?” He wondered curiously.

“Nope! Our cores aren’t just similar, they’re the same.” George explained.

“If I got blocked but spent too long near him, he’d end up blocked too. Or my block would un-do itself to match his, more likely.”

“Part of the reason we’re pranksters I think—Mum could never get the accidental magic block to stick so we may have caused some mayhem. More than anticipated at least.” They shot him a very pointed wink and Harry let his face go as horrified as he could get it.

“Poor, poor Mrs. Weasley… and she still decided to have more kids. She’s either a saint or insane, but given that she gives me chocolate for Christmas I’m going to assume she’s a saint and you two are just devils.” He scolded them playfully and they made a show of being coy about it.

“Hey, that’s on her.” They shared a brief snicker, before George jabbed a finger down at him to reference the fact they are still talking over a pumpkin. “Are you ever going to come out of there? Is it even comfy?”

“Comfier than it looks,” He admitted. “And you came to find me.”

“I mean true.” They allowed, before suddenly exchanging evil looks that Harry didn’t like at all.

Before he could get properly wary though, they were suddenly clambering down over the pumpkin and somehow managed to squeeze themselves into the tiny spaces on either side of him. Harry gave a shout of annoyance as he was thoroughly squished to the point it was actually hard to breath—harder still because they were snickering to themselves like their own deviousness entertained them greatly and the laughter constricted the space even more.

“Guys-!” He grunted but struggled to even breath to form the sentence properly.

“Well what do you know!”

“It is kind of comfy!”

“No—it’s—not!” He grumbled, attempting to elbow them but it was so tight that was rather pointless. He was completely pinned and it only took a second or so to give up completely.

It was warmer, he did have to admit that.

“You sure you’re okay though?” Fred circled back to the original question at hand and now that he was trapped, Harry could only roll his eyes and lean his head back against the garden wall.

“We could punish him more you know. We’ve a meter long parchment of prank ideas we haven’t gotten around to yet and he essentially just volunteered for acting that way.”

Harry glanced between them… they were extremely close and he could tell down to the freckle they really were identical. Magical twins indeed.

He already thought he had them well figured out, but he took the opportunity to look even closer still. Literally in all ways physical and magical they were identical… but the one who’d asked if he was alright, his eyes were softer: eyelids slightly wider, more intent upon the person in front of him. The other had slightly darker eyes. Not in color, but his eyelids were down a little more, he was less open and slightly more suspicious of the world around him.

Slightly, but still.

He’d already been slowly categorizing their two different personalities, both in what they showed the world but also those rare moments they did act noticeably different, and he might be imagining it but he liked to think those personalities could be picked up on in their expressions too.

“Thanks Fred. I really am okay, don’t worry about it; it’s not the first and won’t be the last time someone talks nonsense about me like that but I appreciate you stepping up.” He smiled and glanced to the other twin to his left, how close they were meaning he needed to rotate his neck all the way around. “I wouldn’t be against some pranking I guess… I just hope you don’t punish him too badly. I know you two—George—are a bit vindictive and he likely got way worse than a detention from you. He was just being an idiot, not purposefully malicious I don’t think.”

He refused to give Ron the credit that he was intelligent enough to be actively evil, more than just a dense idiot who had stumbled on the worst insult he could’ve picked at the wrong moment in Harry’s life, when he wasn’t as emotionally steady as he used to be.

As I used to be, what the hell… I’m twelve.

Almost didn’t notice both twins faces went blank in shock, but he smiled since he was expecting it

“Wha—me? I’m not vindictive!” The one Harry pegged for Fred exclaimed, and he lifted a brow. Any time someone actually guessed them correctly, they automatically assumed each other’s identities to throw them off. Hell, sometimes they did it the other way just to keep people on their toes, so it was no surprise no one ever bothered to go through the effort of telling them apart. They weren’t exactly helpful on the matter, more like actively trying to stop people from figuring it out… and there were very few out there that were even matches for the Weasley twins.

“Maybe vindictive is a strong word, but George,” He pointedly turned his head from Fred to his other side, to the correct twin and watched their faces stutter as they tried to figure out what their ‘synced’ reaction to this should be. “Is slightly more prone to getting even, as it were, from what I’ve noticed.”

“It was weird enough you knew our preferences, but calling us out like that,” George huffed, shaking his head

“Have some decorum Apples, please. You’re blowing our cover.”

“What, in front of the pumpkins?”

“Pumpkins talk you know.” Fred said it so matter-of-factly that Harry had to pause and wonder if that was a magic thing he just didn’t know or it they were fucking with him. Honestly either could be true.

“Are we that obvious?” George complained.

“I dunno, I’ve been paying attention. You have to have keen eyes to sit at the Slytherin table.”

Fred glanced down at him and then his brother, which was odd since George didn’t; he was more looking at the pumpkin in front of them. Them not mirroring each other and making movement differently was pretty damn obvious since they tended to always move in sync.

“You might be onto something then… pretty sure there’s a Slytherin or two who can tell us apart. Not that they care to, but I think they can.”

George looked annoyed but Harry didn’t ask since by the way Fred pointedly readjusted to get comfortable instead of meeting either of their gazes, he had a feeling his twin wasn’t happy he’d said that. Wasn’t the first time Fred had dropped a hint that George didn’t, and he quietly shelved it… he’d need to come back to that later.

His sixth sense told him that the twins had some kind of… disagreement about something that they weren’t willing to show anyone else outside of the two of them. Had a bad feeling it was about Slytherins though and knew he didn’t want to press too deeply into that in case it ended up being ugly. He loved the twins and owed them a lot—the last thing he wanted to do was get into an argument with them; had a feeling he’d end up pranked to hell and back before they could ever make up.

The conversation needed a topic change anyway.

“More importantly though, I don’t know how you guys found me, I’m pretty sure I was well hidden.” He frowned, because really… clever or not, an invisibility cloak was still an invisibility cloak. Unless there was some kind of revealing spell he didn’t know about…? He’d have to be careful if something like that did exist, much less that students could use it. He’d have to be doubly careful in the Slytherin dorm at the very least.

They exchanged looks before getting slow grins, nodding to each other once.

“Well, about that…”

“We have something interesting that might make you feel better!”

“Yeah, but as our triplet you have to swear not to tell a soul about it! Particularly any Slytherins cause they’d blow a gasket to know we had this,” George snickered.

Harry couldn’t help but smile, sitting up a bit to nod eagerly. “I’m a pretty good secret keeper I like to think—I won’t tell anyone, on my honor,” He crossed his heart and that seemed to be good enough for them as they grinned and pulled out what seemed to be large folded mass of…blank parchment?

“Now watch carefully,” Fred instructed as they put it in his hands and George pulled out his wand, tapping it once.

“I solemnly swear that I’m up to no good,”

Harry blinked… then balked at the spiraling words written on a page.



Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs

Purveyors of Aids to Magical Mischief-Makers

are proud to present

THE MARAUDER'S MAP



Mischief… wait…

“Harry?”

One of the twins seemed to realize something was up, but he barely heard them, mind rapidly spinning gears as something triggered quietly in the back of his brain.

“Wait.” He hissed, suddenly sitting up and touching the map—one of the handwritings the was gracefully spilling ink onto the magical paper being a bit too familiar.

“What are you doin—oof!” Fred was summarily kicked out from behind the pumpkin and plopped into the garden dirt so Harry could scramble out and get to the bag that had been wedged under him, digging through it roughly until he found right book he’s stored the letter in.

“Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!” He was half ranting as he snapped open the letter and rescanned it, eyes drinking in the words until it clicked, his mouth popping open in shock. “Oh… my god.”

“What?”

As his answer Harry whipped out his wand from his sleeve and tapped on the paper George was still holding in his lap as Fred sat up curiously too.

“Mischief managed.” Harry said almost gleefully as he tapped the page—and the ink disappeared.

Fred and George gave him twin dumbfounded looks, and this time he didn’t think it was an act; they were both just that flabbergasted. He loved it when people looked at him like that so he just puffed up proudly.

“How’d you know!?”

“It took us months to work that out!” They cried indignantly.

“I solemnly swear I’m up to no good,” Harry tapped the page again, scooting closer to George to see it over his shoulder, watching the intro message once more and what looked to be a map forming before his eyes… of Hogwarts? “Tell me more about what it does first and I’ll explain what I think I know.” He demanded and they made faces but relented.

“It’s a map of the castle; we nicked it from Filch’s office during a detention.”

“But it shows everything. Not just the hidden hallways and tricks of the castle—of which there are many!—but also the people. See?” Fred leaned over to unfold a bit at the bottom and sure enough Harry recognized the lake, the grounds… Hagrid’s Hut… and three little names over footprints hidden right outside.

He felt a thrill as he traced his fingers over it curiously, eyes wandering to the rest of the castle… seeing students in the halls, a huge mass of people in the Great Hall… Dean and Seamus were on the quidditch pitch, probably kicking the ball around… even McGonagall sitting in her office.

“This is how you don’t get caught, isn’t it?”

“Part of it. We learned a lot of hiding places and shortcuts from this thing for sure; makes getting around easier.” George admitted.

“But the Marauders themselves—they’re our mentors in the pranking art for sure! They must’ve been pranksters themselves because they give us tons of ideas and even have some good suggestions on how to work on prank spells if we’re stuck on something!”

“To create a map like this and name it as they did, they’d have to be. They’re pretty fun honestly.”

“Okay but is that a good enough explanation? How?” Fred nudged his shoulder pointedly and Harry gave a wry smile.

“I can’t believe I’m saying this, but I know who are least one of the Marauders is, and I have a suspicion about the other three.”

“What!?”

Both twins had wide eyes, looking almost afraid to know.

Harry poked the map, specifically over where they were sitting and saw ink blotches spin to life in the boarders of the map.

“Let’s say… Mr. Prongs, if I guess your name would you be able to confirm if I’m right?”

Hm… Mr. Prongs is not sure we’d ever considered something like that when making this map. What do you think Mr. Padfoot?

Mr. Padfoot doubts it, the goal is to never get caught isn’t it?

Mr. Moony would like to point out the reader could be a snitch or merely a teacher and just being clever about it.

Mr. Prongs agrees; we probably wouldn’t admit to anything just in case. No need to self-incriminate.

It wasn’t until Harry was watching the words talk amongst themselves that it really hit home the dark irony of it all.

“Oh my god Moony—I just realized why you named yourself that! That’s so unclever, what the hell!?”

Oh dear, you must know me well then.

Mr. Padfoot would like to agree it’s a stupid name.

Mr. Moony is pointing out that you named me that you jerk! I would not have picked the name but you wouldn’t stop and then it stuck; I refuse to take the blame for this.

Mr. Prongs thinks it’s a cute name. Quite fitting.

Mr. Moony doesn’t want to hear a thing from you on the matter, Mr. Fork.

Mr. Prongs resents that.

Mr. Wormtail is enjoying this quite a lot. Although he agrees that Mr. Moony is a bit grim.

Mr. Padfoot takes offense in the name of grims everywhere. How dare.

“They’ll be at it a while if we just let them go,” George admitted, giving Harry an exasperated sigh.

“So you two and them were meant to be,” He snarked back, earning some snickers.

“So if you were to guess…?” They nudged with an undying curiosity written on their faces. Harry was amused by it but also knew this was… a bit too closely related to some sensitive information.

Still.

If he were to trust anyone, he could probably trust the twins. They were not actively related to this situation, more like very supportive third parties and… if they’d had this map for a while, they might actually have more of an understanding of things than Harry himself did.

For whatever reason, his brain didn’t make the decision, his heart did. And he decided to just spill it honestly for once.

He took a deep breathe to cleanse out the hesitant feelings he still had about it, and pretending none of this bothered him.

“I can tell you but you have to swear never to tell anyone. Like you haven’t ever told anyone about this map but even more so… it’s really important.”

They instantly sat up straight in sync and mirrored crossing their hearts. “On our honor!”

“We’ll never breathe a word of it!”

“Ever! Now pleeeeease?” They begged.

Harry smiled fondly.

“Okay then… Mr. Moony is a man named Remus Lupin.” He glanced down at the map to only one sentence reacting.

As Mr. Moony suspected there’s no way to confirm nor deny that. It’d be a bit silly to give the mischief away so easily.

“I know. But I know you are… which means the other three are probably Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew, and James Potter, though I don’t know which is which.”

Mr. Mooney would like to say that’s a wild theory if true.

Mr. Padfoot agrees; what a wild ass theory that is.\

Harry looked up from the map and saw the twins’ jaws were practically on the floor.

“Oh-”

“Merlin.”

“Harry!”

“I know… I only just learned about them too, so this is some insane timing. But I just started writing to Remus and he even said they were all pranksters back in their days at Hogwarts, and his letter…” He couldn’t help but smile, holding the letter that was still open in his hands a bit tighter. “The words to open and close the map are written slightly differently. I did notice I just didn’t… think it meant anything but…”

Something twisted in his stomach and he grabbed his wand to tap on the page once more.

“Mischief managed.”

It was fine when he wasn’t thinking about it, but realizing… realizing one of those silent voices of ink on the page was his father….

Having it open felt like they were listening and something inside of him hurt. He didn’t know if he wanted the father he didn’t know, or the echo of who his father had been as a Hogwarts student, listening to him. He didn’t exactly feel very proud of himself right now, and he didn’t know if he wanted his father witnessing him like this either.

Whatever expression he was wearing told the twins enough and they didn’t question him doing so, George just folding the map up without a word and leaning into his shoulder silently.

“Why did you say Mooney was a weird name?” Fred offered as a distraction instead, still dead curious of course but also picking up on the need to move topics.

Harry only half smiled before the seriousness of it sunk home.

“That’s one of the most important things to keep quiet. Who the Marauders are less so, but Moony…” They nodded silently, faces betraying how significant they understood this to be. “Remus is a werewolf.”

Both their eyes went wide and Harry had a brief moment of wondering if he should be telling people about Remus condition… not that it wasn’t something Remus told people himself, but he was also extremely ashamed of it. Felt… wrong, if not also pertinent.

His suspicions were correct though then George got over it first and snorted rather loudly.

“Yeah, that’s pretty dumb.” He agreed. “Moony… that’s a laugh for sure.”

“Or clever, depending on how you look at it!”

“Well if Mr. Padfoot came up with it I’m willing to think it’s just plain dumb.” He maintained, which made Harry realize…

“You know them then… or the them from the map. Their personalities to a point.” He tried not to frown but he knew he was only partially successful. The twins seemed respectful of his struggle though… suddenly hyper aware themselves they now knew his father more than Harry did. Even if they weren’t sure which Marauder it was and it was only inky words on a page, they still had a better understanding of James Potter than Harry did, and they could see it stung a bit.

“To a point yeah; no idea how the magic of this thing actually works… there’s really nothing else like it.” George allowed.

“Typically, ordinary objects that can talk without you knowing where it’s brain is kept are classified ‘dark’ or just plain dangerous.”

“We really shouldn’t have gone messing with this, but we learned some minor dark magic detection spells and after talking to them a bit we don’t think it’s actually that bad.” They hedged. “If your dad created it, it’s probably not that bad!”

“But Sirius Black also probably had a hand in it…” Fred countered, looking less at ease about that than hearing Mr. Moony was a werewolf, which to Harry was both promising and bad.

“Well… if they made this as school he hadn’t gone insane yet, right?” George scratched his nose, unsure. Before they could go too far with that line of thinking though, Harry found himself speaking.

“That’s… another thing.”

They paused and looked to him, and he had a moment there where he could’ve said never mind or change the subject or… any number of things he could’ve done. Telling the truth was probably the last thing he should’ve done, by his own instincts and experiences.

That’s exactly what he ended up doing though, for some reason even he couldn’t properly explain.

“I have reasonable evidence to say Sirius Black is innocent… and I’m working with some Slytherins to try and get him a trial.”

For the third time in less than ten minutes, they stared at him with wide eyes. At this point though, after the shock of the map, the Marauders’ identities, and Remus being a werewolf, they got over it quicker than before. Instead in only a couple seconds they were exchanging very loaded looks.

“Well,” George frowned, slowly absorbing that information. “Slytherins would have the in… I guess. And Dad talks shit about Fudge all the time, I can get why going to him to just have him tried would be… unhelpful.”

“If Fudge really put an innocent man in jail, he’ll be doing everything he can to keep it quiet. His career is over if it gets out.” Fred agreed.

“I would hesitate to say the Minister of Magic would actually stoop that low… but we’ve seen what a few dinners with Lucious Malfoy will have him spitting. Man’s got no ideals of his own, he just does whatever the person who convinced him last tells him to.”

Harry had never heard the twins talk politics but it was kind of impressive actually. They were definitely Gryffindors though if puppet politicians were bad things to them. Or maybe that was because he mostly talked shop with Draco, whose father was the one doing the manipulating. It was an interesting perspective switch for sure.

“What are you actually doing then?”

“At the moment I’m still just planning… I’d like to think it looks promising though.” He deflected, not sure if he actually wanted to drag them into the specifics of it all. From Daphne’s explanations of everything though, the Weasleys were very open minded about muggles and non-human creatures, although Harry was pretty sure calling werewolves “non-human” was just premeditated prejudice seeping into the textbooks they read.

He knew from Daphne that the Weasleys had the toilet-water reputation they did, in no small part to how accepting they were, even welcoming in people they should’ve at least kept it quiet about. That was a far too Slytherin concept though; the Weasleys on paper were blatantly good people which was definitely going to be their downfall, being open and accepting to a detriment.

To be clear though, Harry in no way thought it was bad thing at all.

He was too pessimistic and practical not to see the huge disadvantages of being a genuinely good person in a world like this was, though. He had no interest in being disadvantaged when he was already only barely treading water here, and he at least knew the twins were damn competent to ever let being too trusting be their downfall.

“And you really do think he’s innocent?”

“I have it on as good authority as I can trust a Slytherin to be.” He shrugged, and thankfully going by their expression they knew exactly what that meant. And they also seemed to trust that source of information quite a bit judging by Fred’s very concerned frown.

“That sucks, so much.”

“Seriously.”

Probably an understatement, Harry sighed, trying not to think too hard on it. “Part of this plan though, and I guess for the foreseeable future actually even if this works… is that right now no one can know that I know about Sirius. So far as anyone is concerned, I still think he’s guilty and no one is working on freeing him.”

“Secrecy is the best defense,” George agreed, holding up the map pointedly. “Actually, Mr. Moony is the one who says that all the time.”

Harry felt his heart warm at that… maybe Remus wouldn’t hate him for this after all.

The twins just might though, he winced.

“I agree completely… which is why I’m also going to ask you guys to not tell anyone I know about Remus either. So far as anyone’s concerned I’ve never talked to him and don’t plan to.”

They frowned, not quite seeing that logic as easily as the one about the surprise trial for Sirius Black that had an active enemy trying to stop him.

“I get not talking about Black since the Minister would just stop it, but why Remus?”

Harry winced again, but straightened his spine. “Okay, this is going to sound bad… but long term goal here… I’m going to try to be Minister of Magic one day, or at least someone in power. I have a very specific reason for choosing that life goal and it happened because I met Remus.” He leaned in pointedly, trying to be as grave as he knew how to be to impress upon them the importance of this all.

“Okay…?”

“I know you two know how werewolves are treated in the wizarding world.”

“Which is bullshit, for the record.” George scoffed.”

“And I agree with that—whole heartedly! Which is why I’m going to change it.”

“How exactly? By being Minister?” Fred blinked in surprise. “That’s not the worst goal to-”

“That’s only half of it.” He admitted, shifting a bit at their hesitant gazes. “I’m… going to play the part, if that makes sense. I’m going to do it the Slytherin way, by being buddy-buddy and playing the part that’ll get me the most popularity when it comes to a public vote. And… I will never be able to do that if everyone knows my godfather is a werewolf.”

Be it the shock of the confession of what he was going to do or something else, they disregarded the godfather bomb in favor of just looking horrified.

“You’re going to pretend to hate werewolves!?” Damn Fred, too keen and hitting it right on the head despite how brutal that sounded. And unfortunately for Harry, it was both true and exactly what he would be doing.

“If that’s what it takes,” He struggled to get that out, but it was true.

“You’re really not going to tell anyone!? You just said he’s your godfather, you’re just going to keep your entire relationship with him secret like that?” George seemed a bit sharper and more angry rather than aghast like his brother, and Harry felt the shame he already felt about the situation flare uncomfortably in his stomach.

Yeah, he already knew this fucking sucked, he didn’t need to be scolded and judged for it too.

“Fred, George, be serious for a second.” He got out sharply, and they paused their indignation for a moment to listen, thankfully. He took a steadying breath but their opinion of him was important to him, against everything else he liked to think about himself it was, so it was critical they understood this. He really, really hoped they would.

“The only way to change prejudice laws is to be in power. I’m never going to be in power or get my way if people have already written me off.” He let the sadness of the fact sink into his voice, and it wasn’t hard to do. “I hate it, I really do… from what little I know of him, Remus is a genuinely good guy… but to change werewolf laws then I have to pretend I don’t care about werewolves now, and then by the time I’m in power it’ll be too late for anyone to stop me making changes. Slytherin or not, given I’m playing their game against them.

Guys, I was all set to open up a shop in Diagon or something with my life until I met Remus: no matter how I act right now, he’s still going to be suffering with stupid, prejudice anti-werewolf laws making his life hell. So if I can choose to become Minister and one day help him and others like him, I see no reason not to play the bad guy at least temporarily. If I need to lie and keep secrets to give him a chance, you bet your ass I will do it without remorse.”

He met George’s eyes pointedly and the twin blinked almost as if taken off guard by the directness. “Weren’t you the one who told me being brave is being brave enough to love without hesitation? Well, I’m not hesitating in doing what I think is best for Remus, even if it seems brutal now. It absolutely sucks and I hated having to ask that of him, but someday he won’t be hunted by the Ministry or thrown out of shops if I can make this all work out. And I just have to hope that’ll be enough to make it up to him.”

He knew it sounded more defensive than he meant it, but he really didn’t want them to think poorly of him. Besides, he hadn’t put it into so many words before but as he spoke he gained confidence in this plan. It was many years off but this was something he could work towards, something he could do…

Once he got his freedom.

That was first and foremost… but knowing where he wanted to go in life gave him stability. Saying it out loud gave it this credence it hadn’t had before. He’s said it, and more importantly he’d said it to people he trusted and respected, so now it was time to live up to it. He was going to be held accountable by more than just himself from here on out now that he’s gone and fessed up out loud.

In any case, he assumed this wouldn’t be the last bullshit law he’d end up adding to his agenda. There would be more and he was sure they’d eventually has some opinions about things too, being future businessmen themselves. The more he thought about it, the more having power was attractive… maybe it would be attractive to them too, and they’d let the moral grey area he was working in here slide for now.

And every time those thoughts crossed his mind, he tried not to think too hard on the hat’s words about Slytherin leading him to greatness… especially since it was turning out to be true. If he could only figure out how to play the game and win when he was up against a lot of extremely talented, far more experienced players.

The penny dropped when George, who definitely looked as if he felt like he’d been called out, nodded once. What surprised Harry was that Fred looked to his brother like he had no idea what he was about to say, which made him pay all the more attention.

“…I think there’s more to our rule then.” He decided, the judgement and indignation he’d just had gone, deflated and replaced with something… hesitant. Not happy exactly, but determined. “We think being brave means not hesitating to love, but… there’s more to it, isn’t there? Loving someone unconditionally doesn’t mean shit if it only hurts people in the end. You have to be smart about it too.”

For some reason he seemed… extremely sad to admit that, even if his eyes seemed to resolve something.

For once Fred said nothing, glancing between the two of them almost uneasily.

“I don’t think there’s a rule in existence that fits every situation.” Harry allowed. “But in this case yeah… I’m going to do right by Remus even if it’s maybe not the best situation now. Even if it really feels wrong, I just have to make it right someday then. I’m doing it because I want to help him, not because I’m ashamed or afraid of him.”

“Okay yeah, you just have to change society’s attitude.” Fred scoffed, breaking the suddenly tense atmosphere again, which Harry appreciated.

“Fair point. Maybe that’s not the solution then, but I will find one.” He said it with full confidence… mostly because he had to. Some lion-like part of him he really didn’t use very often coming out strong and telling him… he made a promise. Even just to himself on Remus’ part, he made a promise and everything in him was keening to see it through.

Or maybe it was still a Slytherin thing too—the art of the deal and keeping their bargains on point of death.

Or maybe that was just something the two rival houses actually had in common with each other.

“Somehow I believe you,” George seemed very weary to admit that, while Fred suddenly grinned.

“Even if maybe it sounds like lunacy,” they teased and Harry could only sigh.

“But you’ll keep quiet about it then? I know it seems wrong but… please help?”

“Interesting conversation ‘bout pumpkins then!?” A loud voice made all three of them jump, and magical map or not, none of them had noticed Hagrid coming up the path to stand his hulking frame over them, and now that they were not behind the pumpkin it was kind of obvious he had three kids sitting in the soft wet dirt of his garden. “It’s getting’ too cold to be doin’ tha’, come on in fer some tea you three!” He beckoned them with a huge hand, his other lugging a sack of something up the path and into his hut.

They let out light laughs in reaction to the honest scare that was, Fred getting up first and pulling Harry to his feet by his hands. He didn’t let go for a moment to catch his attention seriously.

“We’ll keep your secrets if you keep ours.” He finished their conversation, George nodding once beside him as they then made their way to the cabin, dusting off their dirty clothes as they did so.

“Thank you.” He agreed, not quite sure what secrets aside from the map they were talking about but suspecting there would be more in the future he’d need to hold close to the chest.

He could do that though.

And while the trade aspect of that agreement sounded very Slytherin-like, Harry knew it was also meant much more warmly than anything a snake could ever trade for. If felt way more like friendship this way, especially as they ended the day breaking their teeth on rock cakes by a roaring fire.

000

Thanks to the twins and a quick look at the map, Harry was able to catch up with Dean and Seamus just as they left the Great Hall after dinner, he himself going to head in to find Neville but knowing he had something to get off his chest first.

It was already dark and there were only a couple people milling about; Dean saw him first and waved as they crossed paths.

“Y’ alright there Harry?”

“Yeah,” He flashed him a smile that he actually meant this time, knowing Dean deserved his own apology—or maybe just gratitude. More than Harry knew he showed most of the time, anyway. Now though was a harder conversation to have as he turned to the Irishman. “Seamus, I-”

Seamus didn’t even stop walking and as he passed him clapped him hard on the shoulder—hard enough that Harry stumbled forward a bit in shock, only to look up to blue eyes less than an inch from his own.

“Shut the fuck up.” He was told in no uncertain terms, patted on head like a child, and then ignored as Seamus kept walking back to Gryffindor tower like that hadn’t just happened.

Harry had to just stand there in shock.

Dean looked highly mused and snickered loudly, mostly at Harry’s expression he was suspecting. “I told you he does it cause he wants to.”

“…well fine then.” Harry gave up, something light and fluttering settling over his heart. “Do you know what sweets he likes?”

“Cinnamon, the heretic.” The tall Gryffindor sniffed in disgust, choosing to follow Seamus without another word and leaving Harry standing in the entrance way wondering just how on earth he deserved people like this in his life.



Chapter End Notes

Apologies for the delay, this was difficult to get out.





Chapter 51: Book 2 : Envy : 18


Chapter Notes

ヽ(*・ω・)ﾉ





Harry—

That paper was brilliant! Honestly I was a bit overwhelmed with the sheer concept, but going over it in depth and hearing your theories about what’s possible, I can only be excited! If you forgive the reminiscing for a moment, your father was undoubtedly brilliant, particularly with Transfiguration, but let me tell you now that you’ve left him in the dust with this for sure. Your mother and I were the bookworms of our year to a point, but mainly for the desire to do well in school inspired by inherent love of learning and magic in general; never would I have thought to even try for something like this and I highly doubt I’d have even succeeded. Your mother definitely would’ve had the ingenuity for something so out of the box, but even probably not until she was a full adult! You likely outshine us all with this talent and passion of yours and since I’ve only had a couple letters and a few memories of you as a child, I confess I was still imagining you as your parents’ son. Let me tell you I’m far more blown away with the individual you actually are, and I am not at all put out by it; I’m more just thrilled at the person you’re undoubtedly going to grow to be.

I have no qualms with your other plans either; in fact I support them entirely for perhaps selfish reasons. As I said, do not let me ever get in your way. I’m honored you want to push for such a lofty goal on my behalf, but I do hope it was already a dream of yours that I perhaps contributed to at most. This Transfiguration discovery of yours proves you have the ability to do whatever you want in life and I do hope you choose to do that, to your full potential. It promises to be extremely interesting!

I cannot tell you how happy I am to hear about the map too. You’ve said this parchment is protected somehow so I think I’ll risk sharing a little more detail if you’d like; it sounds like the Weasley twins have a much better use of it at the moment but if you do end up borrowing it I can explain a bit. As you figured, I was Moony and what I’m sure you’re very interested in is the fact that James was Prongs. I think the origin of the others’ nicknames it’s maybe a conversation safer had in person no matter if I do trust your enchanted parchment… the map could get you into some trouble at school, but to be blunt, that story could probably get you into legal trouble too. Not that it matters too much with the three involved being removed from us currently. Let’s just say that James’ favorite animal was a deer and we teased him greatly for it.

Also, given you may be a Transfiguration prodigy I do not want to give you any ideas; I can practically feel McGonagall’s wrath already. Remind me when you start your fifth year and I’ll come clean, promise.

Speaking of school, I know you had asked about me being in the muggle world which I didn’t really address in my previous letter. I think you understand that giving too much information on my current whereabouts is less than ideal since my mail is very much constantly monitored, but if this letter is safe I can explain a bit more. Honestly it’s not that big of difference living in the muggle world, as I still visit Diagon and St. Mungos freely, and I use magic within my home but not in the muggle public as all wizards do. You grew up in the muggle world, so you’d know the jobs are very much normal muggle jobs; currently I work in a shop and occasionally tutor. I do not have a muggle teaching certificate so it’s very unofficial but I had always had an interest in learning and teaching. Most times it’s A-level prep as well so I did go back to get my own muggle schooling certifications after graduating Hogwarts and not having much luck there so far as jobs go. I needed to know the muggle subjects I’d need to be tutoring people on at least! Of course I take off a couple days every month which, without proper explanation or a muggle doctor’s note, normal jobs don’t appreciate so I do tend to move around roles quite often. I think my favorite is always local run bookstores; they have so much character to them.

You’re clearly a driven young man, but did you have any interests outside of being Minister one day then? How is school going in general? I admit I am also pretty interested in any recent pranks the twins might have pulled; if you wanted to get involved I could perhaps give a suggestion or two… of the old marauders I was the one who never got caught, or at least never got a detention for it, since it sounds like you’re not quite as reckless with it as maybe James would’ve been. For example there was this incident with a grindylow that I maintain to this day I have no idea how it got into Flitwick’s office…

…

Remus had a very particular way of writing letters, Harry found. He was always so composed and the pages long, filled with tales and this polite language Harry knew he himself didn’t use very often. He liked to talk, but writing long letters wasn’t exactly his thing; the journals he had with Draco were one thing as it was a live conversation almost, but writing five pages of correspondence was rough on his hand and his attention span.

He didn’t know what Remus looked like but he imagined this faceless man sitting at a table and patiently writing all this out, so intent and tolerant as he took the chunk of time to sit down, draft and write an eloquent letter several pages long. Harry was almost annoyed by how little of a reaction he had to any of the harsh topics Harry had struggled so hard to write down the first time… or maybe Remus did struggle and was simply a professional at hiding it in letter form.

Harry considered himself much better at reading people rather than letters, and he did wonder what Remus would be like in person considering everything he’d learned thus far.

Remus was very diligent in responding quickly, and if ever there was a delay he was apologetic. Most of the times he gave an answer but one time he did not… Harry would’ve wondered if he didn’t already know he’d sent his own letter the day of a full moon, and the fact it took Remus almost four days to respond back wasn’t exactly unexpected. The timing sort of was though, since Harry clearly knew he’d be indisposed maybe the day of or before it for whatever preparations he did, but wondered what could be happening in the days afterwards. Maybe, as he said, his current job wasn’t pleased with his absence, and he had to focus on that for a time.

Before Harry knew it they were exchanging quite a lot of letters, and while he still felt he was holding a lot back, he also found himself being honest in ways he normally wasn’t. Remus seemed like a solid Gryffindor with maybe a few keen Ravenclaw habits here and there, but he was a genuinely good guy who was very like-minded with the Weasleys in his own, shier way. As a werewolf people already hated him on the most part so he too could be free to be open and accepting to others like the Weasley clan was, without fearing his reputation could somehow get worse.

That meant though, that Harry hadn’t quite spoken too much on say, his finances or the fact he’d read his parents will or anything else he as a twelve-year-old Gryffindor probably shouldn’t have done on his own… Remus was his godfather and while the man was, so far, totally hands off in not dictating what he did with his life, Harry still sensed that Remus would be one of those adults who might be a bit too overly concerned with him operating on his own. Like McGonagall—he trusted her a lot, but he didn’t exactly go to her when he needed to go to Gringotts for a bloodline test; she’d be way too involved.

He absolutely did not even hint at the topic of Sirius Black. He knew Remus would be heavily invested at one point with the way Harry’s plans were going, but the man very pointedly tip-toed around saying the supposed convict’s name in his writings even when he was cheerfully recounting some tale from his days at Hogwarts. He was clearly trying to share a part of himself, trying to give Harry his own memories of his father, and the unchangeable fact was that in each and every one of those memories Sirius Black had been right there. Every prank and quidditch match and failed date with his mother, Harry knew when Remus talked about James Potter’s adventures that Sirius Black had been right beside him, an invisible part of the story that was being told. Unmentioned but irrefutably there, though it seemed Remus was purposefully trying to erase him from the way the tales were recounted.

Harry could’ve been angry that Remus was heavily redacting stories meant to bring him closer to the man his father had once been, but he wasn’t. Somehow… like he’d been blessed with a moment of skill in divination, he could almost feel Remus’ pain. How each carefully tailored story stepped around Sirius Black and the cutting and editing caused him near physical pain to do so. How it hurt the werewolf to remember the past in the first place but was making an effort so Harry could hear more about his father.

It was easy to believe Remus just didn’t want to burden him with the tale of what Sirius Black had supposedly done and didn’t want to broach the topic at all right now, with Harry being this young. Not over letter at least.

It was even easier to believe that Remus still felt pain over losing everyone in one night and was avoiding needing to have that horrifically agonizing conversation with someone he’d held as a babe.

Harry knew a thing or two about running away. He couldn’t exactly hold it against the man.

So, Harry was definitely holding back and he felt some amount of guilt over it. Turnabout’s fair play though as Harry knew Remus was holding back too… not just about Sirius Black but also when he talked about what he was doing with his life and some of his highly underplayed summaries, like when he said things like ‘last minute trips to the ministry’ or ‘wasn’t able to pick up that potion ingredient’ or whatever else it was he was doing when talking about his days. Harry knew from Daphne that the ministry occasionally ‘arrested’ werewolves just to interrogate them and make sure they knew they were being watched before kicking them out the door again, harassing them essentially because no one thought that was an asshole thing to do and dismissed it as “keeping an eye on dangerous creatures” or some bullshit. He also knew most stores in Diagon refused to sell to dark creatures so when Remus casually mentioned he struggled to get something to complete whatever project he was working on, Harry could fill in the blanks about what store had refused him service and what might’ve been said.

Over time he developed a low-key hatred of Diagon Alley to be honest. He didn’t know which stores were on his shit list as Remus was far too vague, but he had a very Lucius Malfoy-like urge to become Minister with all haste and levy some unreasonable taxes on some certain people someday. Actually, he didn’t even know if that was a power the Minister of Magic had…

I should probably look into that, he thought in chagrin.

For as much as they didn’t say to each other in this weird dance they did to keep their letters an even, warm-hearted correspondence, Harry was really taken off guard by how much he did end up saying. Using Nick’s very graciously provided parchment that was protected from prying eyes even if they knew Remus’ mail was 100% being monitored, Harry found himself in conversations he never in a hundred years would’ve thought he was ready to talk about.

First, Remus was a lot like McGonagall in how he treated Harry’s intellect as that of an equal, not a child to talk down to or explain things to in a condescending way. He did have some really good explanations for things, even better than McGonagall on some topics as apparently he’d been a very good student once, but he was not a Transfiguration teacher nor even an expert or anything like that. There was a ton of topics he was no authority on, and in fact had either forgotten since it’d been over a decade since his last test on the subject or had never learned in the first place given how deep into the topic Harry himself was—far beyond what the Hogwarts curriculum dictated, that’s for sure. In that case Remus turned into an excellent brain-storming partner, creating his own wild theories in response to Harry’s own, and even if Harry went about trying and failing to make progress with them, his eagerness and creativity to spitball some crazy ideas of his own as suggestions for Harry’s work was actually a ton of fun.

Some part of Harry recognized Remus as a teacher or mentor of sorts… but on Transfiguration at least he never claimed to be better or a figure of authority on the subject compared to Harry himself. In fact many times he simply asked for more detail or explanation on things Harry was talking about, and quickly came around to just deferring to his expertise rather than claiming he, as the “adult”, should know more or some nonsense. He was a very gracious ‘teacher’ in that sense at least.

But what really caught Harry’s attention was how up-to-date Remus was on muggle topics too, since his side gig was to tutor privately. Rather selfishly Harry zeroed in on the potential of that, wondering if Remus could help him take his own muggle A-levels in the future, given having options in both worlds was simply good planning—you never knew what you’d need and despite it not being his favorite subject he was pretty sure that math was critically important to be a functioning adult. And for some reason it was only taught optionally at the UK’s “premier” wizarding school once you turned thirteen.

Remus was very deflective when talking about his work and Harry already knew he undersold himself quite a lot. He didn’t outright say it but he did ask curiously after certain topics which Remus was happy to help with, and Harry started dropping hints and compliments about his teaching skills, hoping he’d either get the idea or be inspired himself. He very much didn’t want to push though as Remus seemed… well, like a pushover honestly, and Harry wasn’t about to actually go trampling on him since pretty much everyone else already seemed happy to do that. If he didn’t acknowledge the hints then Harry knew he didn’t want to talk about it and was fine to leave it at that.

Maybe he’d pick up a copy of a muggle curriculum somewhere and then just ask Remus specific questions about it as he went.

He felt a lot less motivation to do that compared to his Transfiguration work though, which was more of a hobby at this point. Extra school work had no appeal to him despite him logically knowing it was important; he didn’t know if he’d actually do it without a teacher holding him accountable, honestly. He was already thinking he had too much going on this year to focus on it but some part of him recognized he’d always find a way to procrastinate if he didn’t actually want to do it… which he didn’t really. He just knew it was important is all.

Aside from academic work though, Remus was also a surprisingly sympathetic ear. He’d asked after any friends Harry had made, and before he knew it Harry was spilling pretty much his entire stream of consciousness about everyone he knew. It hadn’t started off that way but something about Remus was just… open, and unrealistically easy to confide in, so that before he really realized what he was doing, he’d already told Remus everything.

Meeting Hagrid for the first time, his troubles with Ron, how Dean and Seamus started the football club with him and had had his back pretty much since day one, how Neville was literally a ball of squishy sunshine, all about the Weasley twins which Remus clearly had a preference to hear more about, Hannah and his suspicions of her gossiping hard behind his back, how Susan had given him bruises on his shins in a pick-up football game the other day, Lu and Luna and Ginny and Colin and…

And eventually he actually confessed his Slytherin friends too. All about Daphne being his snake-tutor, his victory in winning Theo over, him trying to survive Blaise in general, how weird Melinda was, how he was trying to win Tracy over… and then Draco.

There was this genuine worry he had that Remus would hate Slytherins like all Gryffindors did. Even Neville wanted little to do with them, and given how similar the Marauders and the Weasley twins acted, and how a lot of Remus’ stories were about pranks specifically targeted towards Slytherins… well, Harry had some valid concerns.

His suspicion was proven right thankfully, when Remus only asked after them more, wanting to hear more stories of them as people instead of commenting on Harry’s very eclectic choice of friends—he never commented on them actually, he only ever wanted to hear more about who they were to Harry himself. He didn’t even hint that he thought it odd or weird that his arch enemy happened to live in the same dorm room as him while his best friend was actually the most Slytherin-y a Slytherin as you could get. He didn’t even bat an eye when Harry let slip in retelling his latest trouble with Blaise that the event had happened in the Slytherin common room… meaning he was allowed into the Slytherin common room which was definitely a brand-new concept to an old-school Gryffindor. He didn’t even comment on Theo who… given some rather large hints dropped in the past, came from one of the darkest Slytherin families out there, but instead just praised Harry for winning over the tough nut to crack and wanted to know more about how they were getting on this year too.

It seemed, for all intents and purposes, that Remus was not at all phased by his Slytherin adventures; something Harry had a suspected but was very happy to confirm for himself.

What startled him to his core though, was when instead of simply accepting it and moving on, out of nowhere it seemed, Remus suddenly confessed his mother’s best friend when starting Hogwarts had been a Slytherin too.

When he’d immediately asked for details, Remus had simply deflected again and said they hadn’t worked out. But he reassured him that Harry was his own person, and this friendship was his to keep or break, whatever he chose to do with it in the end. Lily Evans had had the same right and she’d done what she’d needed to.

Which was an incredibly vague thing to say, but Harry knew what he was trying to do. He didn’t want to poison his and Draco’s friendship with tales of all the ways a Gryffindor/Slytherin friendship had failed in the past, being yet another voice of dissent that it was a bad idea on all accounts. Because it’d never happened before so clearly it meant it couldn’t ever happen, right?

But today was different. Him and Draco were their own people, they weren’t their parents or anyone else, and it was their decision on how to move forward alone.

In a way, Harry honestly appreciated not being told the truth outright. It was probably for the best, once he’d thought about it a bit more.

But it was very reassuring to hear he had one more thing in common with his mother though, just as it was also comforting to hear someone understand from the start that just because he had this in common with her, didn’t mean he was her. He was still Harry, through and through. His mother’s son for sure, but still his own person.

Remus had won many points in Harry’s book for navigating that minefield near perfectly, being an open, unjudgmental ear while still being ‘adult-like’ enough not to comment on people like a friend or like he knew them. Remus was still more of an adult than Harry really knew how to handle, since Hagrid barely counted and teachers, even McGonagall, were always strictly business… which meant he really didn’t talk to adults about his actual life much.

Or… uh, ever.

Had that ever happened?

He couldn’t recall.

Given every adult he could name had either proven themselves untrustworthy or he’d never even given them the chance to show they could be trusted in the first place, he figured Remus was kind of it.

An adult ally, huh? He mused, thinking over Draco’s advice. The problem being that despite Remus being someone Harry probably could trust, he was also unfortunately not a good ally to have for most of his current problems. As a werewolf he couldn’t adopt children, he was watched constantly so he couldn’t really act on Harry’s behalf without the entire Ministry knowing immediately, and honestly the man already seemed to have more than enough troubles going on in his life without Harry burdening him with more. Even if Harry asked him to get some books he didn’t want people knowing he was reading, like say some Alchemy texts, chances were Remus would try but would get kicked out of the store before he could buy anything… then not only would he feel like shit for being treated like shit but then also feel like he’d let Harry down and…

And yeah. Harry wanted to trust Remus but unfortunately the poor werewolf was a bit too limited in what he could do.

Actually, that didn’t mean he couldn’t trust Remus, it just meant he couldn’t really ask the man to help too much. He did believe Remus would, if he could, it’s just… well, that was why Harry was going to be Minister someday. Then maybe things would get better, he hoped.

The real turning point though, Harry almost missed.

In fact, it was so subtle he wasn’t quite sure he was imagining it until he sat and tried to recall what he’d written in his last letter… because Remus had randomly brought up his second Christmas at Hogwarts, in which his father had sent him a necklace.

Weird.

Okay, not too weird once Harry remembered in his last letter he’d spoken in depth about his own Christmas last year, mainly by way of explaining how he was working out how to tell the twins apart and him getting them different gifts. Each gift had been important, particularly Draco’s Transfiguration textbook (that he dropped a few hints at being less than light although Remus either hadn’t noticed or decided not to comment on it). Then there was his love of sweets, Mrs. Weasley’s sweater and Percy’s kind reaction to it, even the Slytherins’ gifts before they acknowledged him as a real friend and how much fun it was figuring out what each meant, politically at least.

The big one though, was him slyly mentioning he’d received a very beautiful cloak from his father. Since the Marauders had been wild pranksters, there was no way on earth Remus didn’t know about the cloak, and he thought that would be what got the biggest reaction. He was a little disappointed when Remus didn’t even acknowledge the cloak, and instead told him about his necklace.

Harry couldn’t even think the necklace was that important though, when it was clear from the tone that Remus had hated the damn thing to the pits of hell.

James was seething the entire day about it. Pomfrey almost stunned him, which was an omen back then as she did in fact ending up stunning him several times before we graduated from him making scenes in the Hospital Wing.

Harry had finished the letter like he always did but had to go back to that part later because… something just didn’t line up.

Why was my Dad mad about it? Remus clearly didn’t like it, but he didn’t sound mad…

Well, Remus never sounded mad. Even when telling very edited stories in which Harry knew he’d been trampled on by the bigoted world around him, the kind werewolf never seemed mad… just a tiny bit sad sometimes. Resigned even.

That was probably what happened to you when you were treated poorly your whole life though. You didn’t get mad unless you knew your self-worth and were enraged that someone would dare—

Harry paused.

He re-read that portion of the letter again.

Remus hadn’t commented on anyone—not the twins who he clearly enjoyed hearing about, not Draco’s questionable reading material despite Harry’s hints, Mrs. Weasley’s kindness, and certainly not his dad’s cloak which Harry knew should’ve been a highlight. But the man didn’t say a word about any of it, he only recounted his own tale and then moved on like that hadn’t happened, changing the topic back to quidditch.

There was something there, but Remus was far too subtle for Harry to figure out just what the heck he was trying to do… like how he’d put the map’s words into one of his letters, but somehow even more obscure. Harry suspected this was somehow another kind of clue he just… didn’t know what he was trying to say. Especially since this was a protected parchment and he should’ve been able to speak freely, which implied there was another reason he couldn’t just out and say it.

Remus liked to share as much as he could in response to Harry’s own honestness, but that was the first time he’d ever mentioned his own parents and he didn’t do it again.

It wasn’t until two full days later when Harry was getting ready for the day in the bathroom, brushing his hair out in the talking mirror and deciding to wear the necklace the twins had got him last year. He’s just finished clipping it on and adjusting it in the mirror, hands deeply scarred as they adjusted where it lay…

He felt himself stutter a bit, as if his whole mind and body had skipped a beat. It left him off balance for a brief moment.

…oh.

Suddenly not very hungry, he turned around and decided to walk around the lake instead of attending breakfast that day, the necklace around his throat burning him like he was a werewolf too from how hyperaware he was of it.

Pure metals were easier to come by in the wizarding world… probably because of Transfiguration being how a lot of stuff was made, since it was a thousand times easier and probably didn’t require as much cost or labor as it would in the muggle world. That meant normal stuff in the muggle world was typically aluminum or stainless steel or something more “common”, and I mean there was little reason not to use that stuff in the wizarding world except for this attitude everyone had about ‘pure silver’ being the best metal for any application.

With a wave of your wand you could spin a sliver chain and clasp any old trinket to it when you had magic. Pure silver was a lot easier to come by in this world; it wasn’t nearly as expensive or rare or difficult to make with magic and so a ton of things were made of it because of that “purity” attitude people had… but it was most particularly used for jewelry. Purebloods has this thing: they wouldn’t even bother wearing it if it weren’t real precious metals because otherwise was just too ‘pedestrian’ (read: muggle), but honestly that wasn’t a big deal. Harry knew the necklace he was wearing was real silver, even with the Weasleys being pretty well known for being strapped for cash—it wasn’t weird or exorbitant to get someone a silver necklace in this world at all. He’d barely even given it a thought when wearing it in the past year.

So… what were the chances that the necklace Remus’ father had given him was also a silver necklace?

Probably pretty high, actually.

It would also explain why James Potter was causing enough of a scene in the hospital wing on Christmas day for Pomfrey to get mad at him for it.

Harry wondered a few moments on why… why had he brought that up out of nowhere…

But he also realized the gaping holes in his own life. How he wrote pages and pages about friends and teachers, about Draco and the Slytherins when it was clear he was hesitant about sharing those relationships with anyone, writing about his muggle school in an attempt to convince Remus to be a teacher in a roundabout way, writing about quidditch and football, about how he was still getting used to the wizarding world but wouldn’t give up his muggle clothes, his school work and his plans for the future, how the twins gave him an open invitation to their house over breaks…

Not once had Harry mentioned his relatives. The people who supposedly “raised” him.

Not unlike how Remus purposefully didn’t mention people that Harry knew for a fact were supposed to be there in the story he was telling, but were very pointedly not.

It wasn’t like Harry just didn’t want to talk about the muggle world, he clearly did—he had, in depth even. He hadn’t realized he’d been so obvious in not talking about a part of his life, to the point Remus could read all the things he wasn’t saying by choosing not to write them down when asked what was important to him.

Harry had told Remus almost everything he did care about, and he thought he’d been so careful in withholding the things he didn’t want an “adult” catching onto… he’d completely forgotten to even mention his relatives because… well fuck them honestly.

He should’ve mentioned them in one way or another, said they sent him a book for Christmas or lied that Petunia had ever hung his homework on the fridge not just to humiliate him in that it was worse than Dudley’s. If Remus had been friends with his mother then he probably knew Petunia; if he didn’t know her that well he could still probably guess that she didn’t care about magic at least, so it wouldn’t be weird to mention maybe that they had no interest in owl mail or anything so he hadn’t talked to them in a while. He could’ve lied to ensure it wasn’t so obvious he was avoiding talking about them.

But he hadn’t done it on purpose. He’d spilled a lot to Remus and was a bit unnerved how… true most of it was.

Gryffindor or not, he had a very snake-like apprehension of things like truth.

Or maybe Blaise’s lecture on poison had gotten to him more than he’d thought it did.

Either way, he would’ve been way more concerned if he wasn’t also still struggling to figure out what exactly Remus was after with this. It was such a subtle hint, Harry’s own experiences might’ve just skewed the implication into thinking Remus’ father was anything like the thrice-damned Dursleys… but he had this uneasiness that he was dead on with this assumption.

Just because it makes sense doesn’t make it true, that’s what Theo had said and Harry had been looking for an excuse to use that logic, but his instincts were telling him to just shut up and keep it simple.

He wasn’t overthinking this, Remus was telling him without stepping on his toes about it. Like he didn’t comment on his choice of friends or career plans or anything else—they’d only been writing a couple of weeks but Harry already knew that he wasn’t commenting on Harry. He wasn’t trying to do anything.

He was showing him something by not saying it outright, even on an enchanted protected parchment where no one else would see it.

But what was it?

He watched the giant squid surface out in the middle of the lake, one long tentacle curling up then flopping back down into the murky depths below, the surface slowly returning back to its deceptively calm surface.

It doesn’t change anything.

He thought, not necessarily happy about it. Not necessarily sad either just… conflicted.

All it means is that Remus knows not to talk about it either. Good.

And in a way it’s convenient… I should’ve lied to throw him off the trail but I forgot to, and now he suspects but he won’t do anything, cause he gets it. Which is good… I don’t have to lie, we can just move on.

All the better, he could keep writing his letters to Remus and not worry he’d slip up about the damn Dursleys. That was good. Comforting even.

He watched the ripples out in the middle of the lake until it got late enough that he really needed to head in for class, only some very testy toddler mandrakes threatening his hearing finally refocusing him from the odd start to his day.

000

“You’re kidding!”

Neville groaned, curling up into a smaller ball on the lounge he was currently wallowing in, Dean and Seamus nodding their heads a bit too vigorously on the couch across from him. The Gryffindor common room was blissfully warm after a particularly brutal quidditch practice, since October had been nothing but rain so far. Angelica had been kind enough to teach him a drying-off spell but he wasn’t quite good enough at it to not set his robes on fire just yet so his hair was still damp and he had a chill that the roaring fire was only just staring to ward off. He’d come down from changing to see a very morose Neville trying to become one with his chair while Seamus and Dean were talking strategy as intently as if the topic were sports, however when he sat down to hear exactly what they were talking about he’d been a bit thrown.

“I guess it makes sense, if not a bit morbid. Living people celebrate birthdays and dead people celebrate death-days. I remember Nick telling me about that club of his; bunch of pricks if you ask me.”

“Exclusive pricks apparently.” Seamus snorted. “He’s asked Neville to pretend to be suitably terrified of him to increase his credibility or something with the other ghosts.”

“At least that’s not going to be hard,” Said blond muttered, head still buried in his knees and Harry leaned over to pat him on the shoulder gently, though he smiled wryly while he did it.

“Nick is such a nice ghost though, if the rest of them are that terrifying then why would he want to be part of their little club?” He wondered aloud.

Neville groaned again, the idea of spending an evening with a bunch of ghosts named the “Headless Hunt” making his stomach twist sharply.

“I should’ve just let Peeves ink me.” He huffed. Apparently, Peeves had been throwing balloons of ink and Nearly Headless Nick had warned him off… but instead of just accepting Neville’s thanks had instead coerced a party invitation into his hand and the meek Gryffindor just hadn’t been able to say no.

Harry was less amused at the Gryffindor ghost than he was previously for tricking Neville, but also grudgingly impressed the guy who played such a jovial deadman to all the younger years had such a con in him. Also a 500th death-day sounded like a huge event. Harry really liked Halloween but he was also insanely tempted by the concept of a party.

“Come on, we can make a thing of it! It’s his party and it’s on Halloween so let’s get the twins to steal as much candy as they can and bring it down with us.”

Neville peaked one blue eye up at him balefully, still hesitant but seeming reassured Harry was so into it.

“You sure?”

“Absolutely! McGonagall would never let actually harmful ghosts into the castle even just to visit for a party so they’ll just be a bunch of dead people at best—snobby dead people going by their exclusivity I guess. The worst thing we’ll have to survive is small talk!” He encouraged brightly, and Neville lifted his head cautiously to consider that.

“I mean… going by the title of their club, none of them have heads.” Dean pointed out.

Neville let out a wail of despair and curled up again, Dean just putting his hands up in surrender at Harry’s glare.

000

“Trick or treat!”

“Excuse me?” Blaise looked overly suspicious at the Gryffindor marching up behind him in the hallway, turning to look as far down his nose at the redhead as he could when Harry smacked him in the face with a handful of assorted candies. Blaise’s preferences were a closely guarded secret (by him) probably because he didn’t want to make the contact-sport that was Slytherin gift-giving too easy on people because he was a troublesome dick, so Harry had made a wild guess. He wouldn’t be too put out if it turned out Blaise hated almonds, in fact.

Neville gave a quiet ‘eep!’ from behind him at the violent presentation of the candy as Blaise froze, letting the candy that had just nailed him in the face fall to the floor almost pointedly before glaring down at Harry.

Who, in turn, just shot him a grin as he much more politely handed another packet to Theo, who accepted it gently with a questioning eyebrow raised as his only reaction.

“In the muggle world kids say ‘trick or treat’ and you either get candy or have to do a trick.”

“Then I choose trick!” Blaise demanded without hesitation, but Harry had almost expected it since he already had his wand in hand—twisting it once to turn the tall Slytherin’s tie into marble, forcing him to gag as it strangled him and caused him to stumble forward wildly from the weight.

“Done!” He chirped brightly, addressing Theo while ignoring the suffocating Slytherin beside them. Theo wisely chose to do that same.

“You really like Halloween, huh?”

“I do; isn’t it supposed to be a huge deal in the wizarding world too?” Harry pointed out.

“I guess.” Theo shifted, glancing at Neville over his shoulder but didn’t react. “I just thought it might be associated with… unpleasant anniversaries is all.”

Meaning this also happened to be the night his parents were killed, exactly eleven years ago tonight. Not that Harry had known that until last year, and not that for most of his life he’d even known much about his parents to mourn their loss. Halloween had always been an interesting night for him, as in he’d always been interested in it. It had never been something bad before, and Halloween at Hogwarts as awesome.

He wasn’t about to let imagined grief ruin something just because there did happen to exist a reason he could’ve been sad—he wasn’t sad, and that was it, he felt no need to question it. He had enough issues without wondering if he should feel sad about something.

“You’re right,” he sighed a tad too dramatically. “This is the anniversary of the night I almost got squished by a troll! All the more reason to be happy I’m alive!” He cried in fake emotion, Theo blinking before smiling slightly, knowing he’d been caught.

Harry snickered, shoving another load of candy into his arms. “Oh my god you’re such a downer, just take the sweets and enjoy the feast!”

“Fair.” He agreed, looking at the candy, though seeming to have thoughts elsewhere. He did look up to nod at their clothes though. “You’re very dressed up for a feast, right?”

“Thank you for noticing! Yes, but we’re not going to the feast, we’ve been invited to a party!”

“What party!?” Blaise seemed to instantaneously stand upright at the word ‘party’—his tie missing. Harry noted there were chunks of marble on the ground from where he’d freed himself.

Huh, I didn’t even notice that happening.

“It’s Nearly Headless Nick’s 500th death-day and he’s having a party with a bunch of other headless ghosts. I can’t imagine there’ll be food for living people though, hence the bag of candy,” He gestured to his bottomless shoulder bag, which was now filled with an obscene amount of goods the twins had procured from Honeydukes for him.

It was very last minute, hence why he couldn’t just order it himself, but now that he knew the map existed (and that there was a tunnel that lead right to Honeydukes’ basement) the twins had a habit of lightening their inventory and just leaving the money behind. Harry had them leave enough galleons to cover the inconvenience as well (though he had to wonder how they hadn’t questioned what was happening at this point), and he was very much enjoying being the candy fairy right now in handing it out—not that everyone wasn’t going to be able to eat their fill at the feast anyway. It was the spirit of the thing.

Blaise frowned in distain. “On one hand I’m offended I’m not invited. On the other hand, Gryffindor’s ghost…and ghosts in general.”

Harry sighed, ignoring him but catching sight of Neville and being very impressed that for once in a blue moon, the grey heir and the meekest of the Gryffindors seemed to be totally on the same page so far as how they viewed this party.

“You all are so lame, it’ll be fun!”

“Good luck with that.” Blaise sniffed at him. “We are on our way to the feast though, before you so rudely interrupted us.”

“That’s it, I’m taking the candy back.”

“Don’t you dare!”

Harry ignored his shrieking and also the candy, not really having meant that threat as he looped his arm around Neville’s and pulled them off down the hallway briskly.

“Happy Halloween!”

“Happy Halloween.” Theo offered blankly while Blaise just continued cursing at him—still picking up the candy though.

“I’m surprised he didn’t hex you,” Neville offered quietly once they were far enough away but Harry shrugged it off.

“One thing I’ve learned is that Blaise is far more creative than that.” Which did not seem to comfort the blond in any way, but he was sufficiently distracted once they got to the dark and dingy lower hallway that this party was apparently taking place in.

As he was vain at heart he’d taken the opportunity to finally put some of his nicer muggle clothes to good use, though he wasn’t sure if a death-day party was something you wore black to like it was a funeral, or bright colors like you would a birthday. He figured every dead person at this party would be distinctly ghost colored anyway, and wearing the clothes they died in like all ghosts did, so it was probably up to his discretion and what he wanted to wear. He knew it was going to be in the dungeons and it’d been getting rapidly colder for only mid-autumn, so he had on a slightly oversized deep blue wool sweater over beige pants with a silver scarf tossed over one shoulder, matching the many sparkly silver baubles he’d carefully placed in his braided hair.

Neville had very gallantly let him pick out an outfit for him to wear too, since he didn’t seem to care either way, more focused on surviving the event in the first place. Knowing he wasn’t very flashy and didn’t get cold quite so easily, over his black school pants and shoes, Harry had found (transfigured for his purposes) him a slightly thinner mustard cardigan over a white button down done up to his chin, which was quite a smart look on the rosy-cheeked blond, if he did say so.

If they happened to be dressed up in the wrong house colors, Harry didn’t care. Colors belonged to everyone, in his opinion. Same reason he made one of the football teams’ colors a very tasteful green and refused to hear commentary about how the color of trees and nature was too Slytherin-y.

What nonsense, honestly.

“You’ve made it!”

Nearly Headless Nick’s bright cheer caused both of them to jump as they almost walked right by the doorway the event was being held in. Harry was slightly taken aback by the sheer number of ghosts milling around, since it was very off-putting to encounter an entire crowd of people but not having heard or sensed them at all before setting eyes on them. Given they were all dead and floating above the ground they made no footsteps, they weren’t breathing and the huge table of ghostly food (it looked rotten… unfortunately for his candy-ladened stomach) that made no noise on ghostly plates and cutlery. It was only their voices that would give away they were there, but as pretty much only them and Nick currently had heads on their necks, conversation seemed to be a bit stifled in the dingy room.

Neville was stiff as a board and frozen like a deer in headlights as Harry responded a bit breathily to Nick.

I do like parties… but this is weird.

“Wouldn’t miss it,” He told Nick instead, forcing a smile with more effort than he normally had to. “Neville told me all about your invitation and I thought I’d help.”

“Excellent! The more the merrier! You must meet the Headless Hunt then, come, come.” He seemed to be enjoying his 500th death-day at least, which was probably the important part Harry allowed as they followed him into the room a bit more.

Or… he did and then had to grab Neville’s hand to force him to keep up.

Then again, if Neville faints that’ll prove to these assholes that Nick truly is that scary and it’ll give us an excuse to leave early.

Looking at Neville, he was petrified but not quite that petrified. Which was probably good; Harry acknowledged he was a monster for having that thought in the first place even if it was on Neville’s behalf.

He almost didn’t hear the ghost Nick had introduced them to start talking, being very thrown off that the voice was coming from not the space where his head should’ve been, where he’d automatically looked, but from the head in the man’s hands.

Harry wasn’t really listening as he just stared at the odd sight.

… really wish we’d gone to the feast instead.

000

…k…ill…

Harry felt ice race over his skin, hand automatically snapping out and getting an iron lock onto Neville’s, who jumped about a foot in the air at the sudden touch when he was already on edge from talking for far too many ghosts for either of their liking this evening.

“Har-?”

He didn’t give him a chance to even ask as he bolted for the door, hearing several ghosts say something in surprise but not giving a flying snitch. Neville stumbled but quickly got the message and was running alongside him now too. It probably would’ve been easier to let go of his hand and just run… but Harry had a bad feeling sinking deep into his stomach and he was almost afraid to let Neville out of his grasp.

It felt close. Whatever it was… they were too deep down in the castle and Harry just knew they had to get to higher ground, they needed to get away from it. His stomach twisted…

He felt clammy. He hadn’t felt this way in the safety of a Hogwarts hallway since he’d turned a corner on a late night like this and been met with a hooded figure at the end of the hallway.

Maybe it the sugar or the rotten food at the party, but he very nearly threw up. He was nauseous but he was too focused on running and trying to get enough breath in his lungs to run that he kept it together.

They got to the top of the hallway and they had to pause—both from the dead sprint up several flights of steps they’d just done but also for Harry to strain his ears and try to hear a hint of what he was looking for over his panting. He slipped out his wand on reflex, thinking of something—anything—that might work on whatever this was. It if was a physical threat he could work with that… if it wasn’t what could he do…?

“Harry?” Neville gasped, looking scared.

Even more so when Harry gave him a dead serious look. “Take out your wand.” He commanded and Neville did so without question, which was good, but still looked insanely nervous to do so. “There’s something here… I’m not sure what it is exactly but I hate it.”

His eyes scanned the seemingly normal hallway… the hyper-aware feeling that something horrific was right beside them was fading… thank god.

But, that meant it had moved, and he didn’t know where. It wasn’t a comforting feeling by any means.

“Sh-should we tell the teachers?”

“I got the Slytherins to get Snape involved… he should’ve been looking into it.”

“Snape?” Neville seemed taken off guard by that, and not quite so comforted.

“Whatever this is, it’s dark. Figured he’d be the guy who could recognize it best for whatever it was.” He explained, and that certainly had Neville agreeing a bit more.

“Okay, probably…but if he hasn’t done anything and you’ve sensed this before, maybe we should tell more than just him.”

Harry had assumed Snape would tell the other teachers… Dumbledore even, since despite being a questionable old man still played the part of a headmaster and would probably want to know the things happening in his school. If Snape hadn’t, that would be… well, not too bad if they caught it in time. That meant two separate groups of students had gone to their house heads with the same issue: that would get it more attention and perhaps get it figured out sooner.

“Yeah, you’re right. Let’s go tell McGonagall, she’ll at least be more concerned about it.”

He walked carefully as if he expected to see a troll around every corner, and Neville copied his cautious steps automatically, not needing prompting to be overly cautious but now even more so that Harry—who was never hesitant—was on high alert. Running into a troll wasn’t even that bad a concern to have given it was exactly a year from the night he’d almost met his end that way.

“Do you have any ideas of what it is?” Neville asked quietly as they picked their way overly carefully though the candle-lit hallways.

“Not really… I brought it up to Daphne and we thought it was some kind of dark object. Maybe Lockhart accidentally brought it in with him since last time we sensed it, it was around his classroom… and he’s certainly stupid enough not to know a dark object from his own pretty ass cheek.”

“Why do you have to say it like that,” Neville complained in a resigned way.

“I’ve never set eyes on anything I just sometimes get this really bad feeling and can almost hear something like a disembodied voice promising murder and death and things like that.”

“…oh.” He got out in an eep, raising his wand in a slightly trembling hand.

Harry watched Neville’s grip on his wand and felt a surge of unease too. Not just for what they might encounter, but also how the hell he was supposed to protect himself and his friend if something popped out at them. The reminder of the troll and how helpless both he and Hermione had been somehow more fresh than it’d been all year… he was younger then, only by a year but still, and wrapped up in his own terror and fight for survival. If he’d been able to think as clearly as he could now in a tense situation, he would’ve been a lot more terrified for Hermione too back then. He should’ve been more scared for her—for the two of them rather than just his own selfish self-preservation.

She hadn’t been the one hurt in the end which was honestly just luck, he recognized in hindsight. It could’ve been her, and he wasn’t sure he was okay with that. He didn’t exactly enjoy getting crushed by a troll, he would’ve chosen that no one got crushed by a troll, but if he had to pick between the two of them he wasn’t exactly going to pick Hermione. He wouldn’t enjoy it or volunteer exactly but he absolutely wouldn’t pick her to take his place instead if the world somehow worked like that.

Similarly, if something popped out at them now he recognized that it might not be him that got hurt. Neville somehow had worse luck than Harry himself did…and his stomach was twisting into tight, ever-increasingly painful knots the more that thought ate away at him.

“Do you know any shield spells?”

“No,” Neville’s voice wavered as he answered.

“The stunning spell?”

“Y-yeah, I think so…”

“If it’s corporal, use that one. If it ends up being a ghost or something you can’t touch or hit though, you know the giggling charm, right?”

“Yeah?” Neville blinked, surprised by that turn. Harry flashed him a reassuring grin.

“Use it on yourself. Theo told me if you can’t escape a dark object, using an intensely light charm on yourself won’t save you exactly, but it’ll keep you alive until you can get help. In most situations.” He wasn’t completely sure that this mystery threat wouldn’t be too powerful or something, but it was a start.

“R-really?” His blue eyes seemed to absorb that… then he nodded, hand shaking slightly less on his wand grip.

Harry got it. Having a plan helped, a lot.

Having no idea what the threat was and no plan for what the fuck to do when it came for you was a lot more terrifying. Even if it was just a basic tactic for bare minimum survival, that was better than nothing.

Despite his caution, he really didn’t sense anything else for the rest of their journey, choosing to head back to the Great Hall where the feast was probably still going on, if not just about to wrap up given the late hour. Not that he was dropping his guard for a second but as the rumbling of a huge crowd echoed through the halls and he realized the entire student body was leaving the feast and headed for their dorms at once, he did feel safer. People, crowds, teachers… it was way more reassuring than wandering alone in the candlelit hallways of a creepy castle on Halloween night, with his instincts on red alert keeping him on his toes.

Wait…

He paled, stomach flipping again when he realized the Slytherins leaving he feast would be headed towards their dorm… directly back to where they’d just come from.

He didn’t know if it was still there, whatever it was, but if they’d truly run from where it lived in the depths of the castle and getting farther away was safer…

The same fear that gripped him when he realized he didn’t know how to protect Neville made him truly nauseous as he realized Draco was probably very unwittingly walking right back to potential danger. And Harry wasn’t even there to be able to try to protect him.

“Draco,” he got out, sounding choked to his own ears and Neville snapped his head over at his face, which Harry knew was probably as pale as the ghosts they’d just ditched. “They Slytherins are walking right toward it…”

It only took a moment but the blond nodded more resolutely than he had been.

“I’ll tell McGonagall.”

Harry could’ve hugged him to death right there but settled for a thankful look before he took off running—Neville going right for where the sounds of the crowd were loudest. He’d be safe, with the group of lions heading back to the tower pretty much just on the end of this hallway…

He couldn’t say the same for the Slytherins, who he knew were going to head for the hallway one over as the quickest way back right down towards the dungeons.

He bolted, pouring on the speed with his wand firmly in hand, and felt his heart leap when he made it around the bend to see the crowd of Slytherins already entering the side hallway entrance. A frantic glance around and he didn’t see a single second year… going by where they sat, the first and second years were probably leading the way.

He darted into the crowd, knowing he was doing himself no favors by knocking into people when he couldn’t avoid it in a house that only barely tolerated him to begin with, but he didn’t care. He avoided shoving as much as he could but heard several sharp comments shot his way that were immediately out of range of his hearing given how fast he picked through the crowd.

Thankfully, he got to the front in record time and picked out a very unique blond head out of the throng.

“Draco!”

The Malfoy only got to half turn at the sound of his name before Harry latched onto his arm and dragged him off to the side of the crowd forcible, eyes wide and frantic. He saw Blaise and Theo in the crown blink in surprise at his sudden appearance too.

“Harry!?”

“Something’s wrong,” was all he got out before someone screamed.

The entirety of Slytherin house seemed to either jump or immediately tense towards the sound, Harry and Draco too although Harry’s automatic reaction was to grip his friend’s arm even tighter in defense of whatever it was. As it turned out though, it was a Tracy Davis who’d turned the hallway corner first of the crowd to see whatever it was.

Pansy Parkinson, standing right next to her, burst out laughing as she saw it too.

As if he somehow had both learned to apparate and also somehow do it on Hogwarts’ grounds, Theo was suddenly right next to Harry’s shoulder, and frankly Harry was okay with that as he gripped his wand tighter, raised in front of him.

Blaise somehow had much less self-preservation than the normal Slytherin and was immediately in the next hallway to check it out, face lighting up in… something. Not quite joy but definitely not fear—but something had his total, captivated interest, in an almost vindictive way. Like someone who had never known they could feel this way, whatever it was he was feeling.

“Oh Malfoy, you’re definitely going to want to see this,” He shot at his roommate’s direction without tearing his eyes away, and then they were promptly separated by a crowd of older Slytherins—half having seen it and others who wanted to—now all talking at once.

Draco lead the way this time, Harry far more hesitantly following him just to peek around the corner. But… something in his gut told him he really didn’t actually want to know.

000

The chamber of Secrets has been opened. Enemies of the Heir, Beware.





Chapter 52: Book 2 : Envy : 19


Chapter Notes

Look at this freakin adorable fanart that And_ShinyVersion drew! I am so flattered and this is just the cutest thing!

https://boladeplastilina.tumblr.com/post/686733165691289600/is-burning-red-by-nonamewriter-this-fic-inspired

https://boladeplastilina.tumblr.com/post/686733794066219008/more-art-of-burning-red-pls-rb



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Harry didn’t want to admit it, but he was kind of afraid.

Obviously the writing in blood on the wall, the poor petrified Mrs. Norris, the mysterious entity that only he could hear that set every one of his nerves on edge constantly… that was all very well concerning. Everyone was concerned.

No, it wasn’t just that… and he really didn’t want to admit it, but he was lowkey freaked out by Blaise.

Like the guy’s reaction to the whole event truly put him on edge, and for the first time he was blissfully happy that he was in Gryffindor and didn’t have to deal with that psychopath right now.

“I told you.” Daphne was gracious enough to leave it at that, a very serious look in her eye cowing him properly.

“I mean you did, but he’s also funny.” He defended himself like that made it any better.

“Did I miss something?” Seamus asked more of Dean, who was tying his shoes beside him and looked up like he’d only half heard what they were talking about.

Despite all the uncertainty of whatever had happened Halloween night, they had a great turn out for today’s football game. They finally had enough players who were practiced enough to form two full teams that would put on an actual event and not just have the twins not-so-subtly bully those who were still trying to pick up the basics of the game only to have one of their ankles nearly broken by a frustrated Susan. The quidditch season officially picked up next weekend (Gryffindor versus Slytherin, let’s just say Harry was about to literally combust from excitement and leave it at that) but for this weekend word had gotten out about this unofficial game actually being something important, given Harry suspected the two team captains—Lu and Susan—had some kind of wager going. He didn’t know what was on the line but the two of them were positively bloodthirsty for a win right now. Honestly it was a shame Oliver couldn’t come today as he would probably like the enthusiasm the most, even if he was very much quidditch-obsessed and had thus far not even considered learning the rules of football.

At this point enough people were in the club to have friends who weren’t, and those bystanders still wanted to see their friends play, which snowballed into a not-so small crowd gathering on the side of the field now too. It was by no means the draw that quidditch had for sure, but it really felt like something what happened here as they actually had an audience, their transfigured uniforms for their “pick-up” teams, a scheduled time the game would start, and even a referee!

Ginny had picked up the rules lighting fast but was still more of a quidditch player—she wasn’t confident enough to play herself in a game this level but, with some encouragement from Harry and Luna, had volunteered to be ref. Luna was an assistant ref of sorts too… though no one was sure how much she was actually paying attention to the game, hence the “assistant” title. The only thing they were missing that would make it a truly official-feeling event was a commentator, since anyone who wanted to play was welcome and Lee, the de facto commentator for most events, was actually on the field next to George and rearing to go with the rest of them. Harry figured he probably would be on the quidditch team if he could be, not just commentating it, if only there were more spots or even sports options at Hogwarts than one game that only allowed seven players per house.

Harry even spotted some teachers in attendance as well, which was definitely a first as, no matter what they preached, there were no muggleborn teachers at Hogwarts who would care about a muggle sports club (not even the Muggle Studies professor which Harry wasn’t even going to get start on less it ruin his mood). The scale that the club had become was definitely levelling up with this game and he really hoped it would continue. Not that he had anything to do with it at this point—Lu and Dean had been the real leaders pretty much since this school year had started and he gave them all the credit; he’d literally just shown up today ready to play where Susan told him to.

The absolute best part in his opinion though, was that Neville had been picked for goalie, even if he was on Lu’s team and Harry was potentially going to go up against him, the fact he’d been one of the top picks had clearly boosted his self-confidence a bit… even if he looked like he was about to throw up from the nerves and pressure of what was about to happen.

Harry’s stomach hadn’t exactly been that great before his first quidditch game to be fair, so he didn’t have a ton of words of wisdom that would make it better unfortunately. Knowing he’d probably only make it worse, he’d given all the encouragement he could at breakfast this morning, but was letting Neville lie down behind the net to stare at the sky as he attempted to not die from his nerves in peace.

They still had a good hour before the game started and they were just warming up; the audience was still gathering and they didn’t even have all their players yet so they weren’t rushed, just casually stretching and such. It wasn’t often you had all four houses in a conversation like this either, and Harry was finding all of them were quick to jump to the gossip mill funnily enough.

Not that the current gossip wasn’t more than worth talking about, given its dark nature.

Harry sighed at Seamus question, really having no idea how to begin answering it. How did one explain Blaise?

“There are Slytherins, then there are psychopaths like Blaise.” He began in a weary tone, earning an amused look from Dean and a very perturbed one from the Irishman beside him. It didn’t help that Daphne was nodding way too gravely beside him in agreement, like a somber hype man. “I don’t want to say he’s… excited? That’s not the right word… I guess I should say he’s far more intrigued by the whole chamber ordeal than anyone else.” He explained a delicately as he could.

Daphne scoffed very loudly.

“Intrigued? He talks about it the way Lu talks about technicalities. The guy is deranged.”

“Oi,” Lu huffed from where he was stretching on the ground, not strictly pleased about the comparison.

“I mean, the ‘Chamber of Secrets’ is a Slytherin thing, yeah? I thought they were generally more happy about it than anyone else. That’s certainly what I’ve heard Parkinson say.” Susan looked more to Daphne as she said it, and the ravenette shrugged.

“I can’t speak for everyone of course. There are some who don’t think it’s bad that the rest of the school fears us a little more than they did last week.”

Harry hummed slightly off-key. “Well, I get the feeling most don’t actually think much about it at all—it’s more a hoax to them than an actual threat.”

“Really?” Both Lu and Seamus seemed to be genuinely surprised by that news.

“It’s a bit dramatic for Slytherin’s tastes.” Daphne conceded. “We do have our share of drama queens but they uh… they’re also not the cream of the crop exactly in the clever department.”

That earned some snickers, which Daphne didn’t seem to mind even at the expense of her house.

“Like say Flint would be dumb and dramatic enough to try something like that, not to mention cruel enough to go after Mrs. Norris in a heartbeat even. But I highly doubt he’d actually be skilled enough to petrify someone. I heard some upper years saying that’s above seventh year magic, easily; it’s stuff you learn beyond schooling.” Harry explained.

If he heard upper years say it in the Slytherin common room, going by how the enchantments worked in that space Harry knew it was information they wanted to be known. He was happy to play his part about it, because he figured it was pretty true… to a point.

Magic you learned “beyond schooling” to the rest of the houses would mean things only adults knew. To Slytherins though, that meant things of a darker nature you had to learn from your parents outside of Hogwarts; not necessarily that it was hard but that you had to have the connections to learn it elsewhere.

Daphne nodded in agreement with his words, and he knew she was in on it. By implying only an adult or some other entity could do this, it made Slytherin less of a suspect—less of a target to the rest of the school. It also brought it all in-house, where Slytherins could deal with each other now in peace, as they tried to figure out who was responsible.

Slytherin did mostly think one among them did it… kind of… but they weren’t applauding them either if it did turn out to be a snake. The blood on the wall was tacky and flashy and it wasn’t something they thought worth being proud of. A strong Gryffindor could kill a cat and write a threat on a wall to scare people; a Slytherin would kill a cat and send it to its owner in a box with a threatening note to get some blackmail or leverage or something… what good did panicking the whole school do but put Slytherin in the hot seat with everyone? Unless that of course is what they wanted, which would imply it wasn’t a Slytherin at all. Or they were a Slytherin who needed the school to be terrified of them to work on some plan they had… although everyone was scratching their heads on what on earth would require that, much less whatever it was that couldn’t be done in a much simpler way without the threat of being expelled if caught.

Daphne was right, some Slytherins loved that they were more feared and were gleefully playing into it. Flint was the biggest offender of the crime, for sure, and unfortunately the loudest. A much larger population of Slytherin house liked the power of being feared, but since it wasn’t strictly useful in most cases they were more ambivalent. Some were finding it harder to enact plans and make deals with non-Slytherins since their reputation had taken a dip and were flat out annoyed by it even.

The real problem was the fact it was powerful. And they tended to call it an “it” if they weren’t focused on pondering over a “who” because, having more experience with darker magics than most, the snake house was still not fully convinced the thing that’d done this was a person at all. It very well could be but before they went on an all-out witch hunt (no pun intended) within their own house they were keeping their options open. Keeping their minds open to all the possibilities of what the threat could be, so as to not miss anything if the evidence did happen to present itself.

Luckily, only Harry himself, Draco, Blaise, and Theo knew that Harry being a parselmouth was tied to his bloodline, making him the “heir” the threat spoke of. Everyone else had long since adopted the attitude that parseltongue was not as inherited an ability as everyone had always thought it to be.

The very next morning after the Halloween incident, Blaise had been the one to corner him outside the great hall before he could go in for breakfast, Draco and Theo hot on his heels as they knew what he was doing—Theo probably because he had to know for the sake of sleeping at night and Draco probably to stop Blaise from eating his best friend whole in his ravenous need to know the truth. They’d flat out asked if he’d had anything to do with it.

He’d gone with honesty, explaining he’d known something was wrong and Daphne had Snape working on it; how he’d known the same thing was wrong with Neville at the Death-day party and come to stop them from going down into the dungeons… and he’d confessed flat out that he had nothing to do with it. He had no idea what he’d turn the corner to see that night, same as the rest of them—he hadn’t even known you could petrify people or what the Chamber of Secrets even was until Neville had told him that night before bed, when he hadn’t quite understood why everyone was freaking out (besides the obvious attack, that is—Slytherins wouldn’t care even if Mrs. Norris had been fully killed, but the news of this ‘chamber’ clearly rattled them in a way that’d told Harry it was more important than he realized).

Most people would be skeptical of course, even if they would have to accept his words at face value since torturing people for information outside the great hall was probably something only the most skilled could get away with.

Blaise though, seemed to immediately accept that he was telling the truth.

And he’d burst out laughing in a truly maniacal way that had Harry avoiding him ever since. Draco seemed to support this tactic even if it meant he was sitting at the Slytherin table less, his expression every time his roommate was brought up telling Harry that he really didn’t want to know what insanity Blaise was up to right now.

He’d maybe gotten too comfortable hanging out with the grey heir that, despite him logically knowing it was a bad idea, he still hadn’t cared and had been happy to hang out with the guy. Now that his instincts went off as if there were a troll behind him every time Blaise sat down across from him at lunch these days, it made it much harder to forget and he was realizing what everyone else in the snake house had been trying to tell him since day one. Apparently his self-preservation skills were not as refined as he thought they were.

Or maybe they were, and it was just Blaise, since he’d noted that Theo had dropped off the face of the planet and was not sitting near anyone at any meals now. In fact he only knew the boy was still eating at all because Draco had let slip he’d been occasionally bringing the quiet mouse food from where he was hiding in the depths of the library outside of classes this week.

Whatever the fuck Blaise was up to notwithstanding, it didn’t really leave them with a whole lot of answers with-or-without the knowledge that Harry was in fact technically Slytherin’s heir. The very worst suspicion of his is that someone somehow knew the results of his bloodline test and figured doing malicious attacks like this with the “heir” tossed in as a red herring in his direction, to throw anyone off the scent of who was really behind it. Thing was, no one else knew about his heritage issue so no one even knew to “suspect” him, making it a pretty useless red herring if that was the case.

Harry doubted this writing on the wall was actually related to him, even if his paranoia made that extremely difficult to accept. At the very least, Blaise was the one who made sure no one knew he was Slytherin’s heir and batshit crazy as the dude was, he knew how to run the gossip mill so Harry was reluctantly willing to trust he’d kept that secret for now.

Which meant even knowing more than the rest of the school, they still had no idea who or what could’ve done it. Something powerful was pretty much the only generally accepted fact, despite how the rumors were churning up crazier and crazier suggestions as time went on.

“I’m still a fan of the theory that it’s somehow Lockhart’s fault.” Lu hummed, sitting up properly from his stretch. “Not that I can think of what on earth he did, but to me it’s more than plausible that he’s accidentally done something horrific.”

“Completely agree,” Daphne deadpanned.

“Besides, the Defense position is cursed; no teacher lasts more than a year so it would make sense that this somehow ends up in his removal.”

“Yo,” Seamus and Dean perked up at that, giving themselves a shared grin before high fiving slyly.

“Is he that bad?” Susan hesitated, looking a bit disappointed which made Harry roll his eyes.

Lu popped up from the ground to give her a frazzled shout, “Not you too—don’t look at his pretty face think of the horrible content of his teaching!”

“Nerd,” she scoffed, eyes glinting playfully at his indignant cry.

“Not wanting to be attacked by grindylows does not make me a nerd!”

“I wonder if there’s something we can do,” Harry ignored that fight and looked mostly at Daphne. “Like, with no idea what it is the only thing that’s probably likely is that it’ll happen again. Is there anything we can do to protect people?”

“Actual defenses against the dark arts are family secrets.” She shrugged, a bit wryly. “Even if someone did have a protection against whatever threat this is, there’s no way they’re spilling, much less sharing. Trust me if I had something to sell I would, but the lack of information makes it hard.”

“I mean Slytherin can’t be that asked about it, can they? The message seemed to be targeting muggleborns.” Seamus pointed out.

But he hadn’t even finished before Harry was shaking his head. “Just the same, it could also be a ploy to pin the blame on Slytherin house and cover their tracks. Besides, ‘enemies of the heir’… frankly Slytherins are at each other’s throats more than they are anyone else’s these days, I don’t necessarily think they’re safe.” He also left out the glaring weakness in that argument than there were muggleborn Slytherins. Everyone very pointedly did not speak about that though, particularly those individuals, and Harry wasn’t about to out them when they were already working at a disadvantage within their house.

“Petrifying a cat and attacking students are whole different levels of crimes here too,” Surprisingly, it was Susan who gave that rather cold judgement, but then again her aunt was the head of law enforcement so she probably had a gravely level head instilled on her for a while now. “Mrs. Norris was intelligent and had above-human senses that could’ve given whatever this thing is away, so it would make sense she’d have to go. Petrifying, not killing, particularly when we have mandrakes growing in our greenhouses literally year around… maybe the intent was not to harm but to scare. That would line up with it being too flashy an attack for Slytherin and Harry’s suggestion that it’d just to throw us off who really did it. To go from torturing animals to actually attacking humans is a huge escalation that typically takes years, and hopefully they’ll be caught long before then given they’ll probably have other warning signs. You have to be an expert psychopath to act 100% normal but be killing animals and attacking people in your free time, after all.”

Harry perked up at that… not necessarily good news exactly, but it was comforting to hear at least that the threat above them probably wasn’t imminent or something. It made being able to enjoy activities like a weekend soccer game a bit easier.

He also enjoyed the way Daphne narrowed her eyes slightly, as if she’d forgotten temporarily with how buddy-buddy they’d been getting in the name of winning this football game, that Susan was probably the closest thing in Hogwarts right now to a cop. And her sharp deduction skills probably reminded the grey-oriented businesswoman to be on her toes.

If what Neville had told him was true and things like nepotism and confidentiality weren’t really things in the wizarding world, anything Susan told her aunt could potentially be used in a court of law. Which was extremely fucked up but also apparently how this world worked, so best be careful about it.

“You still say that like this is human. If it’s a dark object?” Lu countered pointedly.

“Well then hopefully it’s Lockhart’s fault and he gets fired at the end of the year—problem solved.” Seamus snickered and earned several amused snorts as well.

“Oi! Are you guys going to keep fraternizing or are we going to strategize at any point?” George (Harry was only 70% sure) waltzed over and kicked the ball he, Fred, and Lee had been practicing with into their circle.

“Oh that’s right—you’re dead to me starting now.” Susan sniffed with a mock glare shot Lu’s way who calmly flipped her the bird before stalking back to his chosen side of the field and she did the same, like a switch flipped and the chatty air they’d had being replaced with something that would not have shocked anyone had there been actual lightning striking the pitch.

“I supposed that’s my cue,” Harry recognized dryly, glancing to Seamus and Dean who got up to follow Lu while he suspected he was supposed to follow Susan in a show of solidarity given she was the captain for this. “Do we know what that’s about yet?”

“Not a clue.”

“I wouldn’t ask.” Seamus sniffed and Harry thought that probably wise advice.

“Okay, well anyway I hope you lose.” He waved cheerily and they waved just as cheerily back.

“Get stuffed!”

Harry laughed with his back to them as he jogged after Susan… only to need to do a double take as he ran down the field and realized he recognized a face in the crowd that he really wasn’t expecting to see today.

With an evil grin he purposefully slowed his run and then was oh so casually walking like he’d just gotten tired, giving a half-hearted wave to the girl whose glare would’ve peeled paint off a wall when she realized what he was doing.

“Fancy seeing you here Davis, come to cheer me on? Or cheer for my death?”

Her eyes were probably the palest he’d ever seen blue be, her hair rivaling Draco’s in how unnaturally white-blonde it was. She really looked like she could literally breath frost and the frigid glare really didn’t help.

“I don’t see why I can’t do both—the only reason you’re getting my support is that Daphne is on your team, you know that Monroe?”

“If I die then I’m assuming the match will be postponed. Standard quidditch rules you know, deaths mean the game is written off as a draw.” He pointed out.

“Okay you can live; I’ll be cheering for your serious maiming then.”

“I’ll take it!” He grinned a bit too flippantly. “All I heard from that is that you’ll be cheering for me!”

“Fuck off,” She rolled her eyes and he enjoyed making a show of obeying her by spinning on his heel and heading to his original destination at a much more leisurely pace.

When he made it to the huddle where Susan was already laying down the gameplan for those who’d already gathered, Daphne shot him a look.

“I saw that.”

“Saw what?”

She rolled her eyes and returned to listening to what Susan was saying; Harry just grinned a bit to himself and figured, for as complicated as things were getting, he also thought maybe it was also an improvement.

000

Blaise was on his way to the owlery.

It was a very normal thing to do, something that every student did at least once, though more likely dozens, hundreds, thousands of times in their tenure at Hogwarts.

No one would think anything of it if they saw him. Well, a Slytherin might suspect simply because despite his efforts there was no way any decent snake would think him innocent for sure, and would immediately assume he was up to something… but so far as his actions went there was nothing anyone would be able to call him on. He even had a decoy letter in his breast pocket should anyone question his empty hands.

No one did though because he didn’t run into anyone—he’d heard about the muggle game happening on the fields today. It was supposedly a rather high turnout which was probably where everyone was, and he was half disappointed to need to miss it only because he was fundamentally against being left out. If there was a crowd then he definitely wanted to be a part of it, to be able to see whatever anyone else was seeing first.

Although honestly the idea of a muggle game without any brooms sounded dreadful. He didn’t even like quidditch but at least then there was a small chance of death or grievous injury to keep him hopeful. Running around the muggle way on a sport he understood even less seemed like a drag.

Even then, he couldn’t quite shake the displeasure at being left out, or even just generally being uninvolved. It was irritating.

He walked with purpose and a slight smile on his face, confidentially towards his destination. Even if someone had been around (like say the thousands of paintings on the wall) they would never suspect a thing given this was how he always acted.

Inside… his mind fluxed.

Hogwarts was getting interesting.

Not that it hadn’t been entertaining enough so far—at least 50% of his entertainment definitely coming from the oddity that was Harry Potter and the opportunities to torture Draco that came along with him. Last year had been plenty interesting he supposed… he hadn’t been bored exactly as he went about setting up his position in Slytherin house and taking notes the best he could. Not much an eleven-year-old could really do with the training he’d received from Dalia Zabini, he could only start laying the groundwork for when they were all older and hormones started to make it hard for people to see straight. That was his only way he’d make much progress with people his own age after all: if they couldn’t see him properly enough to remember not to trust him.

And well. It wasn’t like he could do much during his Hogwarts years anyway, and if people were still that clueless after graduation then they were practically asking for it. This was all essentially just practice, but he’d known he had a couple years before he really needed to start focusing more. He liked running Hogwarts’ rumor mill much more to be honest, so he was happy to have that occupy him for the time being.

Mrs. Norris had changed the game though.

Draco liked to call him the untouchable Slytherin… and he loved the way that sounded. He leaned into the title proudly, flaunted it even, because to someone like Draco it was even true. First, second, hell even third year Slytherins didn’t have to worry too much about things bigger than their own reputations and upcoming tests and quidditch games. Some worried about parents when they were home on break, about family reputations and cold households.

Blaise was only so happy to concern himself with those things too… but Mrs. Norris changed it all.

It stung a bit… Draco’s flippant words, his jealousy even, that he only barely tried to hide at how apparently easy Blaise had it. And he did, honestly, since for now it was true. Hogwarts as a game and it wasn’t that hard for him, truthfully.

The words did sting though… particularly when he felt sweat cling to the back of his neck imaging what his mother would say about some of his choices.

What she was going to say when she heard about Mrs. Norris.

Untouchable, huh? He smiled blankly to no one.

Petrification was nothing to fuck about with.

It was dark magic, plain and simple. In fact it was one of the spells in which there was really no ifs, ands, or buts about it being questionable or mislabeled—it was dark. It wasn’t anything like the hardening charm or the full body bind curse, it was fundamentally different and the difference came from the intent behind it.

It wasn’t something humans could do, that was for sure.

True petrification was a dark magic almost as old as magic itself, and it had never once been something that belonged to humans. Humans were capable of both light and dark magic all they wanted, they could both give and take life as it pleased then. Only a creature of pure dark magic could cease all life in its tracks without prejudice or hesitation, simply by a means of existing; only a couple of dark creatures in existence had ever formed the ability, in fact.

One of those creatures was rumored to be gorgons, creatures that hadn’t been seen since ancient Greece, even in the magical world. Even now they were more myth than actual beings, tales of them popping up throughout history here and there pretty well believed and even verifiable if you did enough digging… but they really weren’t too common anymore. They were seen as exceptionally dangerous, given they could turn people to stone with a single look, so even if they ever did surface, they didn’t live long.

People tended not to remember the origin of petrification spells, since in modern times there was a lot of misinformation and rumor about certain things like this. The full body bind curse and plenty of other dark spells used in the last war that were cheap mockeries of petrification at best; their existence and use had thrown a lot of confusion about, until most people thought it dark magic that was a very well-kept secret. People even brought it up in government every so often to argue on if it should be an Unforgivable. Gorgons were just myths or exceedingly rare dark creatures that also had this ability after all, they weren’t the progenitors.

If the Zabini family had anything to do with that rumored fact, he couldn’t precisely say.

It wasn’t like it was common knowledge that the Zabini family could trace their origins all the way back to Ancient Rome.

Right down to the razing of Ancient Greece, and the theft of its many wonders, in fact.

Blaise made it to the owlery and went right up to an open window, almost precisely before the clock tower above him started to chime.

He slipped an object from his pocket and offered it up to an owl that landed on the open sill, a velvet purple ribbon tied around its neck. It tapped its beak on it twice before flapping its wings harshly once and taking off just as sharply as it’d landed, without sparing him a glance.

He opened the pocket watch and watched the shimmering glass surface flicker a couple times… clicking it shut before turning on his heel and walking back down the owlery steps just as calmly and assuredly as he’d arrived.

Say nothing

He’d be lying if his said he wasn’t slightly disappointed.

It wasn’t his first choice of plan, but he also knew better than to disobey his mother.

Hogwarts could’ve gotten way more interesting if the stakes were truly this much higher than a failed test or the same old Slytherin politics he’d been running circles around since birth practically. He’d had so many brilliant ideas of how to use this… the most profitable being offered protection if someone were willing to pay enough for it.

Draco, for instance… was definitely his parents’ pride and joy, and Blaise could probably safely bet many promises and favors being pledged if he could ensure the boy’s safety. Or at least a chance at safety, as creatures with petrifying eyes tended to avoid each other for good reason.

Not that he had those. Not that certain dark creatures would know that.

So many missed chances, he pouted internally. I don’t know how mother expects me to get at the Malfoy inheritance with Harry Pretty Potter in the picture—this would’ve been my only chance to even get close. Though… honestly Mr. Malfoy would likely just take Draco out of Hogwarts than pay too much… probably. Hm, I wonder what that tipping point would be?

…not that it matters, as I’ve been told to do nothing.

He blew out a breath in annoyance as he ducked under a tapestry for a shortcut—no paintings in here so for a brief moment he scrunched his face in annoyance before schooling it once more as he slipped back out into an open hallway. This could’ve been so much fun to hold over people’s heads… especially Harry, who was clearly desperate to know.

Not… that he couldn’t still have some fun, he considered carefully…

Everyone knew Harry Potter was a parselmouth about now, but they didn’t know he’d been hearing a “voice”, twice now. Greengrass, the poor excuse of a Slytherin, knew and hadn’t figured it out yet even with the discovery that Mrs. Norris had experienced a true petrification. There was no way of knowing if Melinda Lyles had made the connection on her own but Blaise rest assured she wouldn’t act even if she had.

And where would the atmosphere go, if everyone knew what they were up against?

There was absolutely no mystery or intrigue if you knew what was after you, was there?

He grinned to himself, deciding to do his family proud in burying some information right beside their exes. He was still obeying his mother if he not only didn’t provide the information, but ensured no one got to it either.

He was walking through the halls of Hogwarts once more, headed back to the common room, and just as he was approaching the main steps down to the dungeons, it occurred to him that perhaps he should be afraid.

He stood no chance against a basilisk, probably.

No one did.

If it were just a creature acting on animal instincts and such, he was probably okay.

But not if it weren’t just an animal, but instead properly motivated by… say, whoever wrote those words in blood on the wall…

…he shrugged, not too bothered as he all but skipped down the steps in front of him with a smirk he couldn’t quite tamp down.

000

Harry had never jumped off a cliff before, but he thought maybe he understood what it felt like… in both soul and body, unfortunately. Jumping off a cliff without a broom or a parachute, he should say. Maybe there was water at the bottom, but from high enough a height it didn’t really matter anymore; it was still going to really bloody hurt.

He wasn’t afraid of heights so he would probably jump of his own free will… and then just as he made impact with the water he’d realize maybe that was a bit too high, even for him.

Gryffindor vs Slytherin.

Normally that phrase would cause his eye to twitch and this random compulsion would surface that made him want to pinch whoever had said it as hard as he could. Today though, in the context of quidditch, he was nothing but thrilled.

Maybe only him and Draco were in the air today with something like good sportsmanship and friendly rivalry singing in the air, while everyone else was genuinely trying to kill each other, but for some reason in the context of quidditch that didn’t bother Harry at all. It was to be expected in such a violent game, and he could die just as easily falling off his broom or getting hit in the head with a bludger and boom—no more Harry Potter, just like that. The thing about bludgers too, was that they were exceptionally hard to see coming sometimes if your focus was elsewhere… like say, anywhere else in the wild game being played.

Or maybe even on a fluttery golden snitch just out of his fingers’ grasp as he raced through the air at speeds that made his heart forget it needed to keep beating sometimes, like it was clinging to him for dear life in fear at what its pilot was doing with their body.

Bludgers kind of just appeared and you had to have killer reflexes to dodge or sense them. In an actual game, you didn’t even get the telltale woosh warning their imminent arrival as they really couldn’t be heard over the screaming stadium and Lee’s bellowing commentary about whatever goal someone had just scored behind him.

Harry was practically peaked in excitement and adrenaline induced thrill—not quite fear but the near-death nature of the game definitely had his fight or flight churning double time, and he was pouring it into his reflexes and the sheer speed he was pushing his broom to go. Draco was here, in the air with him and while they weren’t head-to-head as seeker and chaser, he’d seen the faces the blond was shooting at him when they had a brief moment to breath and it was just so fucking fun.

It was a great game. Pretty evenly matched, a nailbiter making them work even harder and fly even faster and reach even deeper for just another inch against their opponents and the thrill of the game and the bloodthirsty desire to win was just so catching and—

--and Harry had spotted the snitch and almost forgot to breath as he leaned flat down and dove for it, the wind a sheer tunnel around him and only Osmias’ very clever contacts preventing his eyes from ever drying out even under such conditions. His ears went almost deaf to the roar of the chaos around him and the bludgeoning wind, the pull of gravity from his dive and sharp turns as he dodged and dove for the snitch with every ounce he had making his stomach actually do real somersaults in a sickeningly exciting way as the world spun and lurched around him in his wild maneuvers. He was so excited to nab this tricky little snitch and taste the thrill of victory—this game of all games! He always loved winning and the ear drum shattering cheers from the stadium, it was already a feeling he loved more than anything but to win this game in particular when Draco was only just so far away and clashing against him and he would win despite that and it would just be so—so--!

He almost dislocated his shoulder lurching just that tiny bit farther, balancing precariously on his maxed-speed broom beneath him, very dangerously leaning too forward on it than was safe to just get that tiny bit more reach and—

--his fingers closed around the always surprisingly warm gold metal-!

CRACK

The air was ripped from his lungs as his arm caught fire.

He automatically yanked it back to his chest as if to get it away from the flames like someone who’d just accidentally touched fire, but that only doubled the agony, causing black spots to appear in his vision and making flying extremely difficult as his balance almost gave, the broom wavering dangerously beneath him to the point he needed to drop his speed immediately or he was going to go careening into the stands uncontrollably. Either that or it’d tilt down by the handle from how far he was leaning forward and he’d start spinning front over end until he fell off, and in fact he almost did do that—his mind blocking out the pain in his arm for a split second, overridden by the sheer fear of the imminent broom crash he had to deal with and just barely getting it under control. It was so close he felt his stomach surge as if to lose his breakfast from the heart-stopping scare.

The world spun from an onslaught of pain from his arm and he had to clench his jaw shut and lean forward on his now-slowed broom weakly to keep from passing out as the black spots refused to fade even as he started focusing on how the hell he was supposed to keep breathing with this agony.

Somehow though, he didn’t manage to let go of the snitch, although he fumbled with the handle of his broom to grip it more tightly with his legs as he switched hands to grab the snitch with his good arm, cradling his hurt one into his stomach to get it out of the way awkwardly, a bolt of lightning ripping up his arm as he jostled it and he gave a small cry of pain automatically.

Fuck that hurts!

“Get down!” A plume of red appeared in front of him and the handle of his broom dipped forward dangerously steep the same time he heard Lee’s voice bellowing across the entire stadium that Gryffindor had won. His stomach dropped again at the sharp decline in the air, only to jump right back up into his throat as a bludger whipped right by where his head had been a second ago. His hair fluttered violently and he realized it had whipped through his falling ponytail, from how close that was.

“What the hell!?” Another voice echoed the early shout in exactly the same tone.

It was the twins, he realized, as George was suddenly on his other side with his beater’s bat, whacking away the bludger that did a sharp u-turn mid-air to come back after them, Fred rising from where he’d pulled Harry’s broom down to brandish his own weapon in annoyance.

No… it wasn’t after them, it was after Harry.

“This bloody-” Fred swatted it back once more and Harry remained still in the air cradling his clearly broken arm and letting the twins do their work. He didn’t want to move and risk making their job harder, just thankful they were here as they watched the ball make a hairpin turn to beeline right for him once more. What was wrong with it!?

“Is it cursed!?” Wood dropped down, the rest of the Gryffindor team now circling nervously at the scene happening but not getting too close to interfere with the twins who were still zig-zagging in a predictable pattern around Harry to intercept the rouge bludger. They’d always been good beaters, but now it was clear that since they knew where the typically-random balls were going, they were even better—it was a simple matter of gauging how hard they were hitting it away and timing when it’d be able to come back to hit it again, and they quickly and seamlessly picked up the pattern as it came back again, and again, and again.

“Hooch!” Several players called for help, or at least guidance on the situation, and the referee began circling as well with a baffled look on her face.

“I’m not sure, it’s never done that before!”

No shit, Harry instantly scowled, both internally and externally he was sure. Do something!

“Yeah no shit!” Angelica voiced his thoughts bluntly, looking worried but also just as annoyed with the referee as Harry was.

“Warrington!” A new voice barked, and they glanced up to realize the Slytherin team was also circling much higher above them, most watching on in interest and none looking that worried apart from the blond that had shouted, grey irises locked on the bludger with an eagle-eyed intensity. “Blast it!”

“Eh? But-”

“I’ll buy the school a new set, just blast it.” Draco snapped at him, and for a second year he had a tone that the fourth year just rolled his eyes at, but complied. He whipped out his wand and in half a second the bludger exploded in a plume of leather and fluff, the twins waiting a couple of seconds tensed as if ready for another attack, before relaxing when they realized it was fine.

“Mr. Malfoy!” Hooch balked, but Harry had enough and just dropped in the air back to the ground, Draco instantly following suit to avoid her scolding and the two teams following their lead quickly. He breathed a deep sigh of relief as his feet hit solid ground once more, shoving the snitch into his robes pocket and flinching as he shifted, his arm stinging sharply to remind him of its situation. It was really broken, probably shattered if the numb feeling up to his shoulder and the faint blue tips of his fingers meant anything. If ever he doubted that getting hit with a bludger hurt like a bitch, the doubt had gone from his mind entirely now.

Still, somehow it was a good pain. If that made sense.

Not a torture curse or starvation or a cut or muscle weakness or nausea or fear or anxiety…

Good old broken bones. So simple.

Or, maybe I’m just in total shock, he admitted mentally to himself.

“Shit, let’s get you to the hospital wing,” One of the twins was right beside him immediately.

“Isn’t Pomfrey usually nearby for matches though?” The other countered.

“You’re not going to pass out are you?” Angelina was suddenly there too, looking angry for some reason.

“Great catch Harry!”

“Shut up Wood!”

“Everyone back up.” A sharper, higher tone sliced through the Gryffindor chaos like a knife through butter, and for some reason all the red around him jumped back a bit in surprise, Harry blinking widely as Draco was suddenly right in front of him, green quidditch robes standing out amongst the sea of color around them—not a single other Slytherin in sight, predictably.

Draco’s face was blank, but he was right on him and gently touching the tips of the fingers Harry had cradled to his stomach. “Can you feel your fingers?”

“Not a thing.” He admitted honestly.

“Even this?” He pinched them, and Harry just shook his head. “Sit down—you, you so called captain, go get Pomfrey. She’s on the west stand.”

Wood blinked in surprise at being called out, then his brow furrowed as he opened his mouth, presumably to argue given a Slytherin, and a second year at that, had just ordered him to do anything. He didn’t get the chance though as Angelina had him practically by the ear and were both suddenly sprinting through the crowds of people spilling out onto the field—most screaming either cheers, boos, or in fright at the rouge bludgers.

“Yo Apples, you’re taking this pretty well.” Fred chirped as he helped Harry lower himself one-handedly onto the grass, where he just took a large breath and tried to steady himself. Oddly, he felt fine.

“Either I’m in total shock, or this just doesn’t hurt as much as getting crushed by a troll or tortured by a teacher.” He blurted out.

“Wait what?” Fred blinked.

“I’m going with shock,” Draco shot him an incredulous look before lightly bopping him on the head as a reminder to shut the hell up.

Yeah, probably a good idea.

“Harry my boy!”

“Oh my god,” Katie deadpanned in absolute horror at the approaching blond head atop a mass of periwinkle robes made his way through the crowd like they were all here to see him and not cluster around both the winner of the match and an extremely injured student. She and Fred had hands under his arms to help lower him down but he felt them both tense once more as if wondering if they should try and flee with him to avoid whatever this lunatic was about to do. How he got here before Pomfrey, was both a mystery and a miracle.

And not a good one.

“Uh… how bad is this going to be.” He wondered to himself, but also realized he’d said that aloud. Not sure if he’d meant to do that.

Draco’s face made a very interesting twitch.

“Weasleys, if you care about Harry you’ll get that man away from us.” He hissed so venomously Harry was surprised that was English and not parseltongue honestly.

Fred and George blinked at the blond in shock at being addressed so randomly, and then each other in equal amounts of alarm as they realized what was being asked of them. What was at stake actually.

Either Harry was more out of it than he though or the twins practically teleported to suddenly throw themselves at Lockhart who caught them automatically in surprise—even more so when both twins exploded into the most ridiculous display of crocodile tears Harry had ever witnessed.

“Save us professor!”

“Oh it’s horrible! Dreadful!”

“Oh the humanity!”

“Help us!”

“It’s horrific!”

“Who could’ve done this!?”

“Professoooooor!”

“My dear boys, don’t fret! I am here, I’ll fix it immediately!”

Neither twin let up their fake sobbing for a second though to let Lockhart get another word in edgewise; he didn’t seem upset about being begged for help despite the fact they weren’t actually letting him progress a step farther to even do anything. The rest of the crowd that had formed in the chaos quieted a little, seeming conflicted on if they were trying to get a glimpse of Harry, or stare openly at whatever the heck the Weasley twins were performing right now.

Thankfully, Lockhart’s distraction from the actual matter at hand was enough time for Pomfrey to arrive and squeeze past the clustering of people that only seemed to be growing instead of shrinking, giving a few sharp remarks that got people backing up finally.

Harry only half noticed her, also still watching the twins dramatic weeping like he couldn’t quite look away.

He watched George wipe a snotty nose on Lockhart’s periwinkle robes without the professor noticing and burst out laughing.

Which very much didn’t sooth Pomfrey who shot him a look, one which Draco shared.

“Shock, then.”

“Definitely.” Draco agreed with her although it wasn’t exactly a question. He then took Pomfrey’s gentle attempt to make Harry lie down as an invitation and put a hand over his face to shove him flat against the ground impatiently.

“Draco,” he complained, only to be shushed— the pain suddenly tripling in his arm for one brief instant before it vanished, so quick he immediately told himself he probably imagined it. He automatically clenched his hand as feeling returned and tried to lift his head to look down—only for Draco’s hand on his forehead to shove him back down into the grass before he’d gotten more than an inch.

“Stay down.” Came the snappish order.

“What just happened?” Harry blinked at the sky in a daze.

“I fixed the broken bone as much as I can for now, but it is still weak so please refrain from moving too much, Mr. Potter.” Pomfrey explained, and he felt her wrapping something around his forearm carefully. “Given your magical core I’ll not be making the same mistake twice, so you’ll be coming back to the hospital wing until it’s fully healed. Also while the bone is set, you are still in shock so please lie still for a couple minutes.”

“Alright…” He blinked, Draco’s face suddenly coming into view and giving him a skeptical look. It took him a couple seconds too long to realize what it was for. “I said alright Draco, I do mean it. I won’t move until Madam Pomfrey tells me to, I promise.”

His silent stare said he blatantly didn’t believe him but had to let it go for now. Harry just rolled his eyes and blinked up into the blue above him, trying to breath for a moment… that was a lot of emotion and things that had just happened in a short amount of time for him to take in, and he didn’t think he was doing that great a job of it. Or, you know, maybe it was that shock.

He kind of zoned out, staring at the sky, but before he knew it he was on the floating stretcher Pomfrey had and was whisked off to the hospital wing. He thought he probably could’ve walked on his own if he could just rest a couple minutes but going by Draco’s expression as he followed them up to the castle he decided to just stick to his word and lie still for a bit. His head kind of throbbed so he didn’t mind the coddling too much.

He was given several potions of various levels of disgusting before the Madam finally let him get up—not to leave unfortunately but simply to change into the white infirmary clothes provided so he could spend the night. He would’ve complained a bit more if she didn’t have a very handy spell to wave her wand and dry him off, completely removing the grim of the hard game he’d just played, and also a cup of something tea-like that instantly warded off the chill he’d developed from being outside on a brisk autumn day so he was, in fact, quite comfy in his hospital bed.

He was considering being pacified enough for tonight and saving his complaints for tomorrow when Draco plopped down into the chair beside his bed, looking very hassled. Harry bit down a smile as he pointedly sipped his tea, wanting to tease him for being out of his always-composed persona he typically had be deciding his friend was stressed out enough for today.

“Troublesome Gryffindor… now I have to buy the school new bludgers.” He complained although Harry could tell that was not the actual issue he had with this situation, just the one he was sticking to.

“How ever will you survive the bill.” He snipped dryly, enjoying Draco’s eye roll. “You sure bossing around a fourth year like that was wise?” He wondered aloud.

“Warrington is a bit of an odd case.” The Slytherin half shrugged, not really too concerned over it. “He really is pretty neutral even amongst Slytherins, despite his family having a dark affiliation, so he wouldn’t actually mind helping out a Gryffindor if backed into a corner like that—at least one we officially like, like you.” He ducked his head in acknowledgement at that and Harry had to grin over his teacup. “Also, of everyone in the air that time, he’s got the best aim and best control in casting a spell, plus he knows enough dark arts that he probably canceled out any enchantments on it when he hit it. A normal blasting curse can’t do that.”

“So by singling him out you were basically complimenting his skills.” Which he probably wouldn’t be too upset about. Admittedly, hitting a moving target with so little hesitation with a dark spell that doubled as an enchantment remover without hitting any of the two teams circling in the air right then was damn impressive. In a whole stadium it told the more observant of the school that Warrington wasn’t a push over, and he was very dangerous.

Most Slytherins, particularly dark-leaning ones, would be pretty pleased by that, so Draco had made a pretty good call on a fly like that. He’d saved his Gryffindor friend but also hadn’t suffered politically for it, something Harry had to be happy about on Draco’s behalf but also frankly his own.

“Something like that, yeah. It wasn’t just flattery either; I would’ve tried to blast it if I could, but I’d probably have hit someone and just made a fool of myself.” Draco admitted, which Harry had to think over for a moment.

Accuracy like that really was a skill, and Harry wondered if he had it. After a couple moments of thought though, he realized aside from hand-eye coordination, his aim with spells wasn’t that impressive. It wasn’t like throwing or catching something, it was a whole other level of magical ability—dueling was one thing as the duel lanes were straight, but even Draco who was good at magic and charms, in a straight lane like that it’d be relatively easy to dodge his spells.

Huh.

When, in real life, is your opponent directly in front of you and not allowed to move too far to the left or the right? Real fights have a million moving parts, so accuracy in a real fight is way more important… but it’s probably WAY harder to learn too.

The clear answer was to work at getting better accuracy, but that didn’t stop the life-threatening issues he seemed to be having now. He was attacked by a troll only a couple weeks into being in the wizarding world, and a bludger during a school sanctioned event less than an hour ago, so there was literally nothing to say he wasn’t going to need to fight for his life tomorrow. Hell, his next murder attempt could come in the next five minutes and he would have no way of seeing it coming or defending himself if his goal was to wait the years it took to get a high level accuracy with magic.

There was another way though, something he could do now…

Potters don’t need to see the broad side of a barn to hit it. Doesn’t matter if I’m accurate if I’ve got range big enough that my opponent can’t dodge it even if they tried.

I’m gonna need to think on that one probably, but seems doable for now… depending on the opponent I guess. Voldemort himself is probably still above my level and will be until I graduate most likely.

He made a face, recognizing it was probably the potions he was on to prevent the shock making it easy to think of such drastic things without being too concerned over it. Usually it stressed him out more, to think such existential thoughts, but now it seemed like his mind was just autopiloting on logic without much input on his behalf. It was kind of useful though as morbid as some of these ideas were they were also pretty good ideas if he did say so himself.

“Earth to Harry… you’ve got that look on your face like you’re plotting something again,” Draco called him back from his drifting thoughts, and he realized he was zoning out again.

“How do you get better at accura-” Harry cut himself off and dropped his head sharply to where he realized Draco had reached out to touch his injured arm to get his attention again, to which the blond instantly lifted his hand away as if burned.

“Sorry—did I hurt you?” He immediately back pedaled, but Harry totally ignored his panic as he instinctively reached out and grabbed onto his wrist, distractedly using his other hand to put his teacup down on the table behind him. “Harry?”

“Wait a second… do that again.”

“Do what?”

“Touch my arm again!” He commanded and despite looking entirely baffled and his cheeks tinting a slight pink, Draco gave in.

"Ah… okay?" He gently lay his hand back over the bandaged arm Harry was offering in his direction, and after a second or so Harry’s eyes went wide as he realized.

It felt like snow.

Ice cold, deep like a snow bank, soft and vast around the edges and something… pure about it.

The cold was the most distinct thing of all, and he instantly realized he’d definitely felt his before, as the small ache left over from whatever Pomfrey had done slipped into nothingness like a snowflake disappearing against your hand and the cold it left behind skating numbly over your bare skin.

"Woah…"

"Harry? You alright?"

"I noticed it before but it wasn't… I mean, sometimes your hands make my skin go numb."

Draco stared at him openly.

“…what?"

"You don't really touch people ever which is why I noticed the rare times you do, but you’re always very cold. I thought it was just me or my imagination since it was so rare but… my arm hurts, and it doesn't when you touch it. It feels cold but it doesn’t hurt."

Draco dropped his blank stare of surprise from emerald eyes meeting his own down to where his hand rested over his arm, almost pointedly keeping it in place now. "I… have no idea what that means."

"Me neither." Harry confessed.

They exchanged looks… but there was a world-renowned healer conveniently one room over.

In only a couple minutes Madam Pomfrey was waving her wand over Draco’s hand still over Harry’s arm in a diagnostic spell, before she visibly startled and lifted her wand back up in surprise.

“Dear me!”

“What is it?” Harry was dying to know, Draco holding it in better but his own curiosity also written clearly over his expression, even if he was distinctly uncomfortable with the attention too.

"Why this is incredibly rare, but it seems Mr. Malfoy here has a latent healing ability. Very minor, but his magical signature has a small healing attribute to it which is likely why you feel no pain—it's the same as a numbing potion with a slightly increased healing factor. I don't suppose you bruise very often or easily, and when you do they don't stay long, do they, Mr. Malfoy?" She asked of him, and his grey eyes blinked.

"I've never noticed, honestly." He confessed.

Harry though, had a distinct flashback to first year when he’d punched him in the jaw over Neville’s Remembrall… since he’d been paying close attention obviously, the bruise on the Malfoy heir’s jaw had disappeared in just over a two days when he was certain he'd clocked him with his full strength. Ron had had a welt on his head for a damn near month without Pomfrey’s help in healing it, and given they were two first years with not that much physically different, it was pretty clear Draco had healed much faster than Ron had, for no apparent reason. Until now, evidently.

It wasn’t the only clue he’d had though. Hugging him in Diagon Alley, any time he’d ever held his hands… after the summer he’d had, he hadn’t given it a ton of thought but he’d recognized the feeling. It wasn’t just cold, it wasn’t just snow…

Novocaine. Draco feels like novocaine.

You don’t realize it if you’re not in pain but that’s exactly what it is.

"Interesting.” The Madam genuinely did seem intrigued by it, which seemed to make Draco even more uneasy. “I could of course run some more tests to determine the actual cause of this, if you'd like."

"It's good to know I guess but not strictly useful, is it? It's not like I'm going to heal his arm by sitting here for a couple minutes." He pouted some, to which she nodded her head gracefully to that point.

"No, you'd need constant contact for several days to heal it entirely and that's only increasing Mr. Potter's own healing rate very minorly. However, you're young, and this kind of natural ability without a wand is insanely rare, I cannot understate that enough; it wouldn't be unreasonable to think you could hone this skill so that it would become something useful someday."

Draco arched his eyebrows a bit skeptically. "And how would I do that?"

She explained, "There are meditation techniques and simple exercises I can look up for you. Knowing more about medicine would help you understand what you can and cannot do of course, and a good side effect is an increased magical capacity because of the practice. Since you can't use a wand for this type of ability you'll have no directional tool to help funnel your magic, which means your magic control will increase simply as part of learning."

Whatever Draco was going to say to that, and whatever it was it promised to be something sassy or dismissive as always, it disappeared in a puff of smoke when Harry didn’t even notice his expression and instead put his free hand over Draco’s as it still rested numbing his injured arm and gave him a wide-eyed look of wonder.

"How amazing would that be if you could heal people just by touching them," He gaped in awe, because this was absolutely amazing.

He knew Draco was special, he always knew he’d looked up to him in many small ways for a thousand different reasons… but this was something incredible to someone who’d felt an unfair amount of pain in his short life so far. And now, to realize his best friend had a touch that could make it all just go away…

Honestly, he didn’t want to let go. Didn’t want the pristine cold to disappear and the ugly burning of pain and blood to muddy his mind. He was so sick of it that this felt like a breath of fresh air—a change in luck or the weather that promised something good for once instead of something foreboding and deadly like pretty much everything else in his life.

Whatever Draco was going to say disappeared. He’d probably been leaning more in favor of the 'more powerful' part of that explanation anyway, but one glance at Harry's expression and his plans course corrected almost instantly. It was so fast he never even really acknowledged that it wasn’t his idea from the start.

"I mean it can't hurt to learn, since apparently I'm a natural." He puffed up arrogantly and basked pleasantly in the blinding grin of excitement Harry gave him in return.

The Madam gave him a very telling smile as she nodded. “Of course. Let me pull some basic texts for you, and I can show you a simple exercise for you to get started. I warn you now that it’s a very slow process and will take quite a bit of practice, though most start after their Hogwarts graduation and begin secondary training at St Mungos. It’ll seem to take an eternity but you’re starting years ahead of your future peers if you pursue this.”

“Right,” Draco seemed less thrilled with the grind he was being presented with, but seem mollified by the idea he was going to be seen as a prodigy compared to others his age someday.

“We can practice together!” Harry offered excitedly, elaborating at Draco’s confused look. “There’s really no one I can work on Transfiguration with anymore besides McGonagall but now we both have something unique to work on we can do it together, right?”

Besides Transfiguration and Potions for obvious reasons, they really didn’t study together too much anymore and hadn’t really since the early part of first year. Slytherins were extremely individual learners who preferred to do their own thing and only work with others or ask for help if they really needed it, and even if they were friends and Harry wouldn’t use that against him, Draco still preferred to work alone mostly. He was more willing to ask for help on Transfiguration than anything else, but he still did his own work and mainly stuck to having Harry double check his work just in case, and not every time either. He was prideful in his ability to do academic work on his own, after all; Harry would be too if he also didn’t dread Charms and History and had little remorse in copying off other people’s homeworks when offered, or he could trade for someone else’s notes.

This was kind of beyond normal school work though, and Harry’s Transfiguration work had long since stopped being something he could actually talk to people his age about. Draco would be the only one at Hogwarts at all learning healing so he’d also be totally on his own too… and well, if they were going to be alone they might as well be alone together. It would also give them more opportunities to hang out as those chances were not so frequent now that they were both on sports teams, Harry had his own troubles to need to work through, and Draco was fully entrenched in surviving Slytherin at this point to make hanging out too high of a priority on the day-to-day. It was something they wanted to do but it didn’t outrank a great deal of other things.

Training their specialties would be a good excuse though and it was something they could do together, something Harry had jumped to immediately and now that he pointed out something Draco also clearly was on board with.

Being able to catch up with his best friend who was already considered a prodigy and being able to stand on a more equal level with him was also something Draco was secretly keen on, though he kept those thoughts firmly beneath the surface and as deep as he could bury them.

“I suppose it depends on what this training even is but I don’t see why not,” He agreed with a brief smile of his own.

“Luckily the first exercise is very simple, if not deceptively the hardest.” Madam Pomfrey smiled a bit wryly and conjured a chalice, setting it on the hospital table in front of Harry and with a simple tap it filled with water. “I am going to cast a simple pain reduction spell, it is one of the simplest healing spells and likely even more simple for you Mr. Malfoy, given your innate affinity for them. Watch closely to the water surface.” He commanded gently and made a simple jabbing motion with her wand. Both boys watched the surface ripple, not quite like it was poked but as if someone were blowing across its surface gently—the weird part though was that the ripples seemed to bounce of the edge of the cup and come back to its original side, before disappearing.

“The ripples mean what type of spell it is?” Draco titled his head, and Pomfrey smiled a bit proudly.

“You learn fast, Mr. Malfoy. Indeed it is: every spell has a unique signature that can be reflected in water. Since practicing on actual injured humans is not quite ethical and can be extremely dangerous for both the caster and the test subject, spells are practiced on water. Once the proper pattern is achieved you will know it will also work on something living.” She wagged her finger at him with a look that had him sitting up straight in his chair. “I will check your progress on using spells on a water cup but you will not test spells on humans until I give you permission. It is exceptionally dangerous and if you are experimenting on anyone without supervision from an actual trained healer I will expel you from this school myself, am I clear Mr. Malfoy?”

“Yes Madam,” he gulped, and even Harry felt a little pale from the aura she suddenly had, even through his shock potions. Luckily it disappeared just as fast as it had come and she returned to smiling calmly like the hospital matron she was.

“That is all there is to it, actually. Normally you would use your wand however as you are practicing an innate ability I would suggested simply letting your magic circulate into the water, experiment and practice until you find the pattern of the spell you are looking for, and then practice it repeatedly until the sensation is familiar to you.”

“Are there no incantations or anything?” Draco blinked in alarm.

“There are, however they’re meant to be done in combination with a wand. I suspect they’ll only restrict what you will eventually be capable of if you learn with that kind of leash on you. If you are quite serious about learning healing I can teach you proper spell casting and incantations when you are much older and more practiced, however I think it best to start in this way. You will give yourself quite a foundation that can be better refined under a proper tutor later after you’ve made some headway with your ability.”

Draco didn’t look very sold on the idea but didn’t exactly argue, instead tentatively reaching out and cupping the chalice experimentally to test it out. After a couple solid seconds when approximately nothing happened, his face balked in stricken horror.

“Oh no…”

Madam Pomfrey chuckled in deep amusement. “It’ll be a long battle Mr. Malfoy, I do wish you luck.”

Harry also had to burst out laughing at Draco’s dreading expression, which seemed to be the nail in the coffin of his resignation.

Still, he did manage a small smile as emerald eyes watched him with rapt attention as he gave it another go and figured… it was going to suck, but it probably wouldn’t be too bad.

He hoped.

000

The change in luck Harry thought had found him that afternoon turned out to be a lie when he was woken in the middle of the night by distressed voices and many shuffling feet bringing someone new into the Hospital Wing. It was almost impossible to ignore as he heard the familiar voices of Madam Pomfrey and McGonagall talking and only just barely bothering to be quiet… the reason clear when their audible distress got his own instincts on edge and had him sitting up in bed sharply.

He blinked awake rather quickly, unable to shake the threat of danger as voices he trusted echoed around the hall seeped in worry and fear. He fumbled to his bedside table and felt a brush of relief as he found his wand and clutched it tightly.

He was out of bed and shivering as his bare feet hit the cold stone floor in an instant, before freezing as he heard another voice—deeper, much less welcome. If it were just McGonagall he’d have gone to her immediately, but Dumbledore’s voice had him rooted in place and mind snapping awake to figure out what he was doing before he let his presence be known.

“—tell the students? Albus you know what Severus said, we need to tell them something.” Harry had never heard McGongall sound so distressed and he felt his own fear pick up in response to it.

“We can only tell the truth, that we do not know what caused it.”

“Surely not Headmaster, it will incite more panic!” Madam Pomfrey did not sound nearly so warm as she did when talking to students.

“We do not have more information to give unfortunately. As it is, I will need to contact the Creevys at once. Minerva if you could continue to coordinate the teachers in a full search of the school to see if there’s anything else that can be found.”

“Of course… but Albus-”

“There is nothing more we can do for tonight, Minerva. I will set a staff meeting before breakfast tomorrow to reconvene but this is all we can do for the time being.”

“Nonsense, we could call the Ministry this very moment.” Pomfrey had no mercy in her curt tone, and Harry head the old man sigh deeply.

“If nothing can be found then I have no doubt it will come to that, Poppy. But please… for tonight let us collect ourselves.”

If something happened that needs calling the cops then waiting is not how that works, Harry frowned, though he still didn’t know what had happened. He was highly on guard at the mention of the Creevy family though…

Colin… please be okay.

“At the very least I am contacting St Mungos to have him transferred there by morning.” Pomfrey insisted.

“The mandrakes are grown here at Hogwarts, it would be best if he remains here to be able to get that treatment as soon as possible.”

“Those mandrakes will not be ready until damn hear the end of the year and I am expected to care to the injuries and health of this entire school Headmaster—I am telling you now I cannot give this boy the treatment and attention he deserves with my current responsibilities.” Harry felt a shiver up his spine that had nothing to do with the drafty castle… he’d never heard Madam Pomfrey sound like that and frankly it had his heart beating just as hard as turning a corner to meet a dark cloaked figure in an empty hallway. “I am contacting St. Mungos to have him transferred there by morning; you can tell Mr. and Mrs. Creevy that in your correspondence.” The Madam informed Dumbledore, she did not ask him.

There was a long silence before Harry heard another soft sigh.

“Very well, Poppy. I understand.”

“You both are needed elsewhere and I have a child to attend to.” Came the unspoken but no less clear dismissal and then came the rustle of clothes as the two professors made their exit and the Madam got to work. He did hear McGonagall say something quietly but was unable to make it out.

“See to the school Minerva. I have work to do.”

That seemed to be it as fading footsteps left the hospital wing in silence again, aside from Pomfrey’s seeming rapid movements and a distressed clucking of her tongue echoing somberly about the vast room.

Harry was focused on staying silent but as he stood there in his hospital pajamas, barefoot but want in hand and hiding behind the white curtains around his bed, he… kind of knew what he was going to see if he peeked out now.

The question was if he was actually ready to face it or not.

…although, he supposed, it didn’t really matter if he was ready or not; that’s not how the world had ever worked. And it wasn’t about what he felt, it was about Colin.

Colin, Luna, Ginny, the other first years he’d taught to fly a broom and who came up to him with Football or school questions… people only a little younger than him but who inspired the most lion-like part of him to want to protect them as fiercely as he had ever wanted anything before….

It didn’t matter if he was ready, if it was to protect them.

He peered around the white curtain he was hiding behind quickly, and got a clear view of the end of wing.

He bit his tongue until he tasted blood and knew he was not going to sleep again tonight.



Chapter End Notes

Apologies being away for a bit; though it's not the first time this one felt much harder than my normal writer's block. Though it's the wrong fandom, one of my most beloved content creators of all time, Technoblade, recently passed away from cancer and honestly I am wrecked over it. To confess, fanart of him was what inspired me to write this story in the first place, and he has been an inspiration in both writing and many other ways of my life.

His sharp, sarcastic wit and creativity, his determination and confidence was (is) who I hope to emulate, and I find myself writing characters with a bit of him mixed in all the time because he and his characters were just who I thought of when I thought of complex, inspiring main characters. His character in every story BECAME a main character or the highlight of the tale even if that's not what was originally, intended because he was just the funniest, wittiest, most interesting person in any game he was playing. There's no such thing as an uninteresting side character to him, and over time that has become a huge pillar of my writing.

I don't think I will ever get over losing an inspiration like him so young, when he had so much life ahead of him. When he could've done so much more. It sounds so stupidly cliché but just imagining all he COULD'VE done and how it all is now over hurts in a way I have never experienced before, in a way that sounds so disgustingly disingenuous coming from some random person on the internet who didn't know him and never could. I just desperately wish he had gotten those chances--I wish healing magic were real and people didn't die from incurable diseases. I wish for a lot of things in vain like a everyone else, I suppose.

I didn't expect to feel inspiration to write again for a long while but Technoblade always had a way of inspiring me, and apparently still does despite being gone. I wish I could give him a happy ending, I wish I could give everyone who has lost happy endings... I selfishly wish I could give myself a happy ending too. I can't do any of that though, I can only give the characters I've created for this silly little fanfiction that mean so much to me their happy endings the best I could, so I've actually completed the very last chapter of this story. Now it's only a matter of telling the story from where we are now, up until it can reach that ending. This fanfiction has already been going for years now, and I suspect it'll need a couple more to see completion, but I am quite resolved to see it through, eventually.

Thank you everyone who does stick around despite my slow updates, I do genuinely appreciate you. Kind comments and your beautiful fanart inspires me more than I can say, I just hope to honor those gifts by doing my best by keeping at it in writing this self-indulgent tale. Slow as it may be I intend to keep writing steadily, for as long as I'm alive.

Blood for the Blood God.





Chapter 53: Book 2 : Envy : 20




Not that she would clear him without being fully healed, but Madam Pomfrey was understandably distracted when the morning came and cleared Harry to return to his dorm pretty easily—more easily than normal, he felt. She did say to check back in after dinner for the rest of the week just so she could double check the fine hairline cracks on his bones were healing as expected and to take it easy on the advanced Transfiguration until they disappeared though. He didn’t have much issue with that: anything to not have a repeat of his previous issues and if that meant it took longer for him to rebound from incidents then so be it. Magical medicine was already pretty incredible; to have a shattered elbow fixed in an instant before he’d even left the quidditch pitch was convenient enough to be reasonable about other restrictions he supposed.

Frankly though, he didn’t care about his arm or his Transfiguration right now.

He made beeline for Gryffindor tower, a dark thundercloud over his head that seemed to part the seas of people around him, breakfast in the Great Hall having broke recently and so everyone was up. Everyone had heard.

He had no idea what Dumbledore had told the student body, nor did he care. Given Pomfrey’s reaction it wasn’t enough and Harry wasn’t generous enough towards the old bastard to give him any credit for it either.

He couldn’t protect Colin.

Fuck, that bothered him, but he couldn’t. He’d failed.

He’d convinced himself the threat wasn’t imminent and that the teachers would protect their students, but they didn’t have any more clue than the children they taught about what this threat even was. No one knew anything, least of all Dumbledore so whatever he had told the school at breakfast had been a boldfaced lie at best.

Unless it wasn’t—unless Dumbledore did know and he’d failed too.

Failed to protect Colin.

Harry snarled to no one, but he saw some third years scurry off rather quickly as he barreled down the hallway, on a mission.

Consider Dumbledore a dead man if I ever find out he knows what this thing is and still failed Colin.

He would’ve kicked the portrait open if he didn’t need to give the password to open it, but the Pink Lady did jump aside pretty hastily in response to his sharp growl. Realizing he’d scared her he forcibly reeled it in some… yes he was angry, but it was reserved for Albus Dumbledore and whatever had hurt Colin, not his dormmates.

“Uh oh.” He heard someone say somewhere to his left and made an effort to control his face.

“I’m calm!” He announced because he knew people were looking at him.

“Liar,” the accusation was rather gentle and Harry only accepted it because it turned out to be Seamus, sitting by the fire with Neville. “You were in the hospital wing so I’m guessing you heard first actually.” He patted the seat beside him as if trying to get him to chill out but despite coming closer to speak to them, he didn’t take the seat.

“I know what actually happened but what did Dumbledore tell the school?”

“He said Colin was attacked and is being looked after, and that the teachers are looking into it. Everyone knew pretty quickly though that it was another petrification, like Mrs. Norris.” Seamus admitted.

“Is he serious?” Harry was so done with incompetent adults at this moment. “A student was petrified, which is insanely dark magic and he’s going to set schoolteachers on the case? Not call the Ministry or, I don’t know, shut down the school or-!?”

“Harry.” Neville stood up with that too-sensible tone of his and Harry didn’t want to hear reason right now.

“You heard what Susan said about escalation—it didn’t take years it took days! That’s Auror-business if I ever heard of it— get Amelia Bones in here! And he just what, dumped horrible news on the school at breakfast and then told everyone to go about their days likes nothing’s wrong!? Like it’s not still out there right now? In the hallways of the school we’re supposed to be living in!?”

“Harry.” He just repeated again and despite him having no interest in being calm about this, the blond’s tone had him pausing.

“But Neville, he—!”

“I know.” His eyes flickered… and Harry felt bit bad, realizing the meekest of the Gryffindor’s wasn’t thrilled about this either. His posture belied that despite maintaining a calm front, he was pretty scared about the situation himself, and Harry was sure him being unreasonable didn’t help. “But take a breather: Luna was the one who found him—she already told us.”

Harry was horrified.

He spun on his heel to leave immediately, knowing nothing but that he needed to find her right now, but a firm grip slipped around his wrist and pulled him back. He would’ve thrashed if it weren’t obviously Neville giving him a serious look.

“The mandrakes we’re working on can cure a lot of different types of paralytics, including petrification. You know I’m helping Sprout with them and they’ll mature in a couple months. It’ll be okay.” He insisted quietly.

Harry tried, he really did but…

“I have to go find Luna.”

Neville gave up, bowing his head a bit with a sigh.

“I’ll come with you.”

000

He didn’t need to even ask the twins because he sort of knew where Luna would be, should she be upset or needing to clear her mind. It would definitely be outside, and given the school no longer felt totally safe would probably not be a courtyard, which left around the lake, by the edge of the forests, or somewhere in the quidditch pitch. Since the pitch had a lot of hiding places and would take hours to check it all, he was pretty thankful that she ended up being by the lake, after only maybe a half hour walking the grounds to see if they could spot her tell-tale hair from afar.

Even better for them, she was perched on a large boulder on the far side so she was practically a light house from how her hair beamed in the morning air, even from quite a distance.

Obviously, given Harry’s own very distinctive locks like a lit beacon in his own right, she saw them coming from a mile away and let them approach without moving.

“Luna.” He breathed, a tiny bit in relief to set eyes on her and know she wasn’t frozen in time too.

“Hi Harry. Neville.” She greeted in her calm, otherworldly way, giving no hint of being upset or anything. “Glad you’re out of the hospital wing. If you were worried about me, I’m alright.”

“Good, because I’m not.” Harry huffed bluntly, clambering up to sit beside her on the rock. She seemed a bit startled by that and opened her mouth to say something, but he just put a hand on her shoulder with a huff. “I don’t need to hear what happened if you don’t want to talk about it, I just needed to set eyes on for you for a second.”

She stared at him with her wide, mirror-like eyes… before eventually pulling her knees more tightly to her chest in a hug and nodding silently.

Harry was impressed by her… she clearly had a handle on maintaining a strong front, of handling things well with an impressive mental fortitude. Given an excuse to just… be the first year she was, she seemed to soften half an inch and actually accept the comfort for what it was.

After a beat of silence, she found her voice. “Everyone is saying it’s Slytherin’s monster. Like the writing on the wall said, about the chamber of secrets being opened.”

“A monster?” Harry blinked, not having heard about that. He’d been told about the chamber itself but up until now the discussion was still up in the air about if it was a who or a what. “Is that an actual thing or are people jumping on the Slytherins again?” He wondered aloud.

“It is a thing,” Neville piped up actually, standing below them in front of the rock to give them a moment but offering his two cents for this at least. “I mean, it’s a thing so far as any legend goes, but it wasn’t made up just for this incident. Slytherin having a monster locked in the chamber of secrets was just as much a legend as the chamber itself— most people thought both were myths until this started happening, but… if the chamber ends up being real there’s a chance the monster part of it would be too.” He allowed, though seemed rather pale and nauseous at that confession.

“That’s… not good. The Slytherins implied it was still mostly rumor about if it was a thing or a person behind this.”

“I mean it could be both. If it exists, someone had to open it and then the monster could be the one doing the attacking.” Luna tilted her head reasonably.

“Or, it could be the work of a human whose just using the chamber as a deflection.” He countered. “Salazar Slytherin lived how long ago? I don’t suppose there are a lot of magical monsters who can live hundreds of years like that, are there?”

“Not a lot.” She admitted in a light, kind of meek tone. “By the time a creature gets that old, even if they weren’t born with the ability they could have learned the power to freeze people like that.” She rested her chin down on her knees, curling just a bit tighter in the cold fall air. “I don’t know if Madam Pomfrey even knows what kind of freezing it was though. Not a frozen soul or anything, his skin was like stone.”

Like petrification, but the implication being that maybe it wasn’t. Maybe it only looked that way.

Hm.

His own internal brainstorming about this threat was dropped down a level in his mind though as he watched her curl in on herself some, her soft tone softening his own brashness as well. He tossed an arm around her shoulders and she gave a small smile to lean back into him gently.

“He’ll be okay.” He reassured, channeling more confidence than his own nerves about the whole thing would let him feel.

“I know.” Luna sighed heavily, but also in a confidence that Harry knew kind of dwarfed his own. She really did have a handle on this, he was the one freaking out apparently, much to his chagrin. She offered him a small smile as if a peace offering. “I’m more concerned over what you’ll do when you find the person who opened the chamber.”

Harry winced, hoping that wasn’t his reputation now.

“Well… I hope Neville will talk sense into me before I do anything too stupid.”

He shot said blond a weak smile as Neville turned back around from watching the lake to give him an honest glare for that. And huh, he didn’t think he’d ever seen Neville glare before… that was really amusing.

“Do you think someone else will be attacked?” Luna interrupted their silence exchange with a growing sense of concern in her voice that alarmed him.

“What do you mean?”

“The last time something like this happened, attacks kept happening until someone died. Then the school threatened to shut down but they placed the blame on one student and expelled him. Everything stopped but Daddy thinks it was because of the threat of sending everyone home, not because they got the right person. Clearly Dumbledore thinks so too since he gave them a job.” She explained, apparently not realizing that this was total news to Harry.

“Wait what?”

“Hagrid.” Neville filled in for him softly, and Harry whipped back around to look down at him with wild eyes.

“Hagrid? Wait back up, this happened before!? And they blamed Hagrid?”

“He um…” Neville cleared his throat a bit awkwardly, and thankfully the Ravenclaw beside him took pity in explaining.

“My mum loved magical creatures like I do. Like Hagrid does.” She admitted, eyes kind of misted as she recalled the memories. “He had a bunch of illegal pets when I was little—Mum even used to help him relocate some of them when they got too much. She said he’d been doing it his whole life though so she didn’t mind.”

Harry couldn’t even dare think that weird, considering he helped relocate a baby dragon from Hagrid’s hut only last year, and by Neville’s expression they were thinking the same thing. Obviously Hagrid didn’t just become that way recently, he’d probably been a lovable, too gullible animal lover since birth, so it wasn’t crazy to think he’d been that way during his school days too.

He’d brought home an illegal dragon, it wasn’t that much of a stretch to hear he got caught with an illegal pet as a student too, and it wasn’t even that outrageous he was expelled for it either, given he would’ve gotten caught without their help only last year.

But…

“If Hagrid’s pet actually killed someone, even Hagrid would know it’d gone too far. He’s extraordinarily reckless so it wouldn’t be a shock if it did happen, but he would never forgive himself either. He certainly wouldn’t be buying dragons and giant dogs now, not to mention bringing them into the castle again!” He exclaimed, not able to suspend his disbelief over it long enough to give this theory much credit.

“Yeah,” Neville nodded, “Which is why Gran never thought that was actually it. He just got blamed for it.”

“Dragons?” Luna tilted her head almost comically to the side with bugged eyes, but the second years exchanged quick looks and decided to keep that one quiet.

“Uh… story for another time.” Harry deflected hastily.

“And the fact Dumbledore then hired him as the Groundskeeper when he was expelled pretty much cemented in everyone’s head that he didn’t do it, he just took the fall. I mean the aurors didn’t even get involved: if he did have malicious intent he’d probably be in Azkaban, not employed at the same school he theoretically threatened.” Neville continued the train of thought to also distract from the dragon slip.

“You two sure know a lot about this.” Harry looked between them suspiciously but they just shrugged.

“My Gran was at Hogwarts when it happened. She almost lost her seventh year to the school shutting down and still talks about it.” Neville confessed.

“Mum ended up with a lot of Hagrid’s relocated pets, so I heard a lot about him growing up.” Luna shrugged too. “Never got to meet most of them though—Mum was worried they’d eat me.”

“How am I not shocked.” Harry drawled. “Still. That means Hagrid took the fall—which is bullshit in its own way of course, but he doesn’t seem too torn up about it now at least. The more concerning part is that the real culprit got away.”

“It was fifty years ago though. It can’t be the same person.”

“Maybe not a person.” He countered, giving a helpless little shrug at Neville’s look but given Luna’s iron clad ability to believe she seemed not too alarmed by the notion. “All I know about magic is that it keeps surprising me. It could very well be something else—a ghost, a spirit, a poltergeist we don’t know about, some crazy creature we just haven’t discovered that’s secretly hiding in the walls…”

“It’s true, it doesn’t have to be human.” Luna perked up. “Although they did spell a warning in blood, in English.”

“So an intelligent force, for sure.”

“I don’t know. It stopped when the school threatened to shut down. That meant whoever it was, they’d miss something with no people here. Or, they’d be one of the ones sent home.” Neville rained on their parade some but it was a valid point as they tilted their heads back to consider it.

“But how could it be the same person?” Harry frowned. “The only brand new person this year is Lockhart, and forgive me if I laugh at the chance he’s got something to do with this. Not that he couldn’t be an asshole like that, but the chances he’d actually be competent enough to hurt anyone is funny.”

“True.” Luna agreed thoughtfully, which made him grin. “He’s not nearly old enough in any case.”

“Maybe it’s the descendant of someone at the school during that time. Almost every pureblood and most half-blood lines at Hogwarts right now have had someone with their name enrolled almost constantly in the past century.” Neville pointed out which suddenly blew open the narrowing down that they’d been doing, going back to literally half the school as a supposed suspect. Seeing their disappointed faces he gave a very weary sigh. “You guys aren’t going to figure this out in one conversation, in one morning you know. The teachers and Dumbledore don’t even have a clue right now.”

Harry instantly made a face like someone had put spinach on his plate. “You put way too much faith in Dumbledore. Bet you anything the old bastard was at Hogwarts the first time this happened too and did he do anything? Betcha he didn’t,” He realized he was being a bit waspish and made an effort to reel it in again when he caught Luna looking at with him a confused expression. No need to corrupt the youth or anything, she was plenty smart enough to figure out on her own what a quack Dumbledore was for herself someday. “I mean even if he were at Hogwarts back then, still no one figured it out. They blamed Hagrid and I think the one thing we can agree on from this conversation is that the chances of him having actually done it are close to none. The fact Dumbledore told the school, what… to sit tight at breakfast this morning? Yeah no—anything less than, ‘morning everyone, here are the Aurors I called to help the situation given a student was attacked last night’ means he’s already not doing enough this time either.”

“I… guess…” Neville seemed very unsure but unable to argue with the logic apparently. Harry had flat out told him he didn’t like the Headmaster so he knew, but he suspected Neville’s gran was a huge Albus Dumbledore fan so he was working off a lifetime of hearing the man’s praises sung.

“He could’ve called them privately, so as not to alarm anyone.” Luna, ever the optimist, and Harry would rather chug lemon juice than burst her bubble so he nodded immediately.

“He could’ve, that’s true.”

Like bloody hell he did though. If he did, it was for appearances only or because the school board told him to… although given Mr. Malfoy is head of the school board the chances of him demanding Hogwarts get the Ministry involved is also kind of low.

Harry would bet a lot of money no one had told Dumbledore to do anything and the decrepit snitch had decided that meant he wasn’t going to do anything. God he hated that guy.

“Well with the teachers and possibly Aurors on the case hopefully it’ll be cleared up soon.” Neville gave his own shot at optimism, and Harry bit his tongue rather than drag them both down with his dark thoughts.

Letting the adults take care of things was the mistake he’d already made, and look what had happened.

Colin had paid that price. Harry had gone about his business and played around with friends, gone to classes and practice and clubs, all the while being comforted by the knowledge that someone else was taking care of it for once… and Colin was the one who’d gotten hurt.

Somehow that was just worse. It was like realizing when he was running with Hermione with the troll, then Neville at the death day party… the fear that he was going to get hurt by something coming barreling around the corner was certainly a thing, but it had nothing on the gut-wrenching terror that whatever the threat was, it was going to get someone else around him. Neville, Luna, Draco… and god damn it Colin. All the first years he’d been teaching to fly and his friends in all four houses, the twins and Hagrid and…

He hated being so powerless. He’d looked on the bright side once and he’d been proven very wrong to do so.

But…

He whipped around and flashed the Ravenclaw beside him a carefree smile that didn’t quite penetrate his heart.

“Let’s leave it to them then, and Neville will keep us up to date on those Mandrakes, right?” He tossed him a glance, to which the blond straightened up noticeably.

“Of course!”

“Then no use worrying holes in our stomachs. Speaking of stomachs, did you even eat breakfast?” He demanded.

“I don’t believe so,” She shrugged in that airy way that made his brow twitch.

“Well that won’t do so come on,” He hopped off the rock and pushily waved her down as well, which she complied much more gracefully than he had.

“Closer to lunch at this point honestly,” Neville pointed out as they started walking.

“Honestly that’s fine by me—I’m way more interested in a sandwich at this point.”

Thankfully their optimism wasn’t spoiled and the conversation turned light… Harry’s worries being for nothing in that Luna very much did not actually need him right now, but he still felt better to have them close and being able to talk normally to people again, even for a moment or two. The world felt better this way, warmer a degree or two.

Inside though, he felt cold.

I can’t let this happen again.

000

“Draco…! Draco!”

“I said not now; you’re overreacting!” The blond shot his friend a stern look and kept plowing forward towards the Potions classroom for their last class of the week, despite Harry’s attempts to get in front of him to talk.

“You father’s on the school board and a tad overprotective from where I’m standing—what do you mean he’s not going to do something?” Harry hissed, still not able to believe his partner was so uncaring about this situation. Weren’t Slytherins supposed to be the ones with the good self-preservation skills!?

“Harry, shut up.” Draco whipped around and grabbed his wrist suddenly, making him jump before yanking him off to the side of the hallway where the flow of student traffic hopefully wouldn’t stop to pay much attention to what they were saying. “It’s not so simple, and I thought you’d be on board with this. You said you hated Dumbledore too.”

He froze, not sure where that had come from.

“Wait, what did I miss?”

“The headmaster is as incompetent as he is nosy, at least that’s what Mother says. Clearly he wouldn’t be forgiven if a student actually died so they don’t think it’ll actually go that far, but the longer he does nothing and keeps telling the parents everything is fine when this all is going on, the more incompetent he’ll look.”

Oh no… oh no, no, no…

“They want to use this as an opportunity to get rid of him as headmaster.” He put together slowly… and despite the utter dread in his stomach, he had to admit it wasn’t the worst idea. Hogwarts being in actual danger aside, he was always down for a plot to get rid of Dumbledore, particularly if he didn’t need to get involved to see it happen. Draco nodded pointedly, seeing he understood, but Harry shook his interest off to refocus back on his fears. “But are you sure he wouldn’t let someone die? Didn’t someone die last time!?”

“Last time?” Grey eyes widened noticeably, and Harry really didn’t like how uncommon this knowledge Neville seemed to have was.

“That’s what Luna and Neville said. Neville’s gran was a student here fifty years ago when this happened last time, and it only stopped after a student died. I don’t know if Dumbledore was headmaster back then or what happened to the headmaster if he wasn’t though,” he filled him in quickly, still feeling this… this urgency to do something now and being a bit frustrated Draco wasn’t about to get on board with that approach.

He did frown though, clearly hearing him and giving it some thought. “I’ll tell my father. I’m not sure he knew that bit.”

Thing was, maybe he did, maybe he didn’t… this was a dangerous game of chicken to play and Harry didn’t quite trust Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy not to think certain risks being worth it in the end. He was pretty sure his idea of acceptable risk in this situation was much different from theirs.

“I didn’t think you’d be into a dangerous game like this. Blaise maybe, but…”

“If it is Slytherin’s monster, then technically Slytherin would be safe, wouldn’t they?”

“I told you about that voice I heard?” He demanded, nearly desperately and Draco frowned even deeper.

“Yeah…? You don’t think…”

“That maybe it’s the same thing? How could I not!?” He huffed. “And if that voice I heard was this thing that’s attacking people, then it’s not nearly so sensible like that! It’s murderous Draco, that’s it. I don’t think it cares if you’re a Slytherin or—or anything in particular but something else to kill!”

Harry hated that despite Draco frowning like he was finally hearing him, he still did not look nearly as panicked as he himself felt right then.

“Harry, are you okay?”

He blinked, cheeks flushing in anger. “I am not the problem here, the bloody monster is! Yes Draco I’m fine—that’s not the issue!”

The blond looked like he really wanted to say something before visibly thinking better of it and shook his head.

“…we have to get to class. We’re about to be late.” And Harry had no idea why he sounded so fucking disappointed right now, how the hell—

“How can you think of things like classes when we’re all at risk of getting attacked right now!?”

“Because between a mysterious threat or an angry Snape, one is a guarantee right now while the others is a chance! I’m not unconcerned exactly, but we have to keep moving. We have to go to class, we can’t just melt into puddles and hope the world works itself out, or drop everything to just worry about things we can in no way fix right this second… so let’s just continue our lives for the time being and talk this through later. I promise right after class we can talk the whole afternoon if you want.” Grey eyes drilled into his and Harry wanted to—to do literally anything but that but…

He really wouldn’t be able to do anything if he got kicked out of Hogwarts for blatantly skipping classes. He’d already skipped four in order to spend time with Luna and throughout the week because he was too wound up on trying to do something to be able to bear sitting through his classes, and he knew even being McGonagall’s favorite would not save him for long. Snape actively hated him too, so if he ever found out he purposefully skipped a potions class, he was dead meat.

Another knot twisted itself to life in his stomach, but as he already had several living there it wasn’t much to shove past it.

“Draco…” He complained, hating how soft his voice was. He didn’t want to—he wanted—he didn’t know what he wanted but he wanted—

The Slytherin grabbed his hand and gave a tight squeeze, the snowy cold of his touch reminding Harry of his new skill, which was a nice reminder honestly.

“Come on, the world will not end in the two hours it takes to brew a potion!” He insisted. “When we’re done come sit at the Slytherin table for lunch and we can talk through a plan of action if that will make you feel better. Nott is the most paranoid person I know; he’ll definitely have a suggestion or two yeah?”

“…fine.”

“What do you think you’re doing!?”

Both boys jumped nearly out of their skins, Harry whipping around with his wand in hand almost instantly. A part of him was startled that he’d gotten so good at reacting that fast… and another part of him felt a tad sad that his paranoia had forced him to actually practice his reaction time in amongst all the other magic he was learning these days.

Yet another part of him was fully prepared to transfigure someone’s necktie into a snake as fast as he could get his wand up, if he didn’t catch himself just in time when he recognized the familiar orangey-red hair.

It would’ve been really awkward if he’d hexed Percy Weasley when the poor pompous prefect wasn’t even looking at him right now, but instead had hands on his hips like a nagging mother hen scolding his younger brother. And it wasn’t the twins for once.

Harry didn’t even want to know when Ron’s face flushed red in embarrassment at the scene Percy was making.

“Percy, come on-”

“What on earth are you doing in the girl’s lavatory? And Moaning Myrtle’s at that! Leave the poor girl be she’s got enough to deal with!” He scolded sharply and Ron was clearly trying to back out of the situation as fast as possible before even more people milling around the hallways hearing this stopped to stare—and more importantly snicker, which seemed to set Ron off very easily these days.

Harry quickly turned around, deciding that was none of his business, and if Ron saw him looking during an embarrassing moment, somehow it’d end up being all his fault and he could not handle a fight with that dunce right now. He startled a bit when he turned back and realized Draco was not looking at the scene at all, but was staring right at him with an unreadable expression.

“What?”

“…can we go now?”

Harry gave in and slipped his wand back into his sleeve with a tired nod. “I said fine… but you promise lunch?”

“Obviously. Why would I lie.” He griped before turning and leading the way, Harry needing to jog a bit hastily to catch up with him. What was the attitude about? “Did you read ahead this chapter?”

“No…”

“Harry,” The disappointed tone set the hair on the back of his neck on end, even more than it already was and he hated it. Particularly because he had no desire to fight with Draco; the blond was in the right if this were a normal day at Hogwarts—

—oh but fun fact, it wasn’t.

“I can’t focus Draco. How can I do this—how can anyone do this? Just—just pretend everything is fine!”

Grey eyes looked straight ahead as they walked but somehow Harry already knew what expression he had on. “For this one hour, everything is fine, Harry. How else would you like me to tell you that? It’s not going to attack in broad daylight and I agree it is a problem, but we can’t fix it in one day. I will help you do whatever it is you’re trying to do, but you have to go to classes in the meantime.” He got tossed a look before they were suddenly descending the moving steps and needed to pay a bit closer attention so as to figure out the best route down without getting separated. “I’ve never seen you struggle at being a Slytherin before, you know. Here I thought you were better at it than me from the start.”

“Excuse me?” he yelped, doing a mini hop to make it onto the right staircase in time as it started moving. He gripped the railing while they paused, unable to do anything until it stopped. “What exactly am I doing right now that so un-Slytherin-like then?”

“I mean I guess it still counts since you’re concerned over the future, over what to do right now but… I mean the point of most our plans is to take our time. The long game, you know? You’re certainly still a Gryffindor if you can’t handle one Potions class and need to do something right now to fix it.”

Harry scowled but he had a point. Operation Fox had taken months to even think of much less the months it took to pull off… his plan to get Sirius out of prison to avoid Private Drive had a one to two year timeline, his plot to end the house rivalries was a 7-year plan, his goal to reverse werewolf laws was a decades long strategy… in fact, most of the truly worthwhile things he’d ever done in his life, he’d taken a lot of time, careful planning, and studying to get done. Hell, even manipulating the Dursleys into leaving him alone had been something he’d carefully woven his entire life.

There weren’t a lot of things he’d ever been this impatient about.

He slumped a bit, but gripped the railing he was holding until his knuckles went white. Gryffindor meant a lot of things to him but…

But this felt awful.

This feeling of… of being trapped, of wanting out, of wanting to crush something so that he could calm his paranoid heart… that couldn’t be what being a Gryffindor meant. He really didn’t think this counted as impulsive—did it? If this is what being a lion was, it completely sucked he only felt it when he was feeling like a lion trapped in a cage being tossed into the ocean to slowly drown: prideful and angry but utterly powerless to change his fate.

He didn’t answer by the time the staircase stopped, and by now they were cutting it far too close, so they just ran as fast as they could the last stretch before descending into the dungeons. He really should be getting his brain in gear: it wasn’t really fair that he’d slacked on his reading and was blatantly leaning on Draco for their potion grade today, so he really should shove this away for later…

But even as he tried to force his brain to list out potion ingredients and fix his facial expression so that Snape wouldn’t sense weakness, he couldn’t quite shake the feeling that all of this… wasn’t going to be enough.

000

Despite all the warnings and being intimately aware of how dangerous Transfiguration was (sometimes when he closed his eyes he could still see Quirrell dying, still feel the ghost sensation of a hand turning to ash in his own grip) he had still never felt afraid in the Potions classroom. He’d never felt afraid in the Transfiguration classroom either despite those dangers, but maybe that’s because he was most likely a prodigy at that topic, and as the snakes would say, it’s hard to be afraid of an enemy you know well… unless that only meant you knew what a threat they were. He knew what Transfiguration could do, he’d seen it first hand actually, and even then he’d never felt wary of it.

Logically speaking he knew that Transfiguration was only the second most dangerous topic taught at Hogwarts, and that the first belonged firmly to Potions. He’d even managed to forgive Snape half an iota when Draco pointed out that, despite being a complete prick while he did it and belittling the poor lion to tears every time he did it, Severus vanishing Neville’s potions and giving him zeros or making him re-do it was also a safety precaution. Draco, from across the room and clearly the best of the class even without Snape being heavily biased, flat out told the both of them that Neville’s attempts were usually so poor that those potions exploding could easily kill him and the four people around him too. So… he was an asshole for doing it the way he did, but execution aside even Snape would be in trouble if kids routinely died in his classroom so he had sharp eyes for dangerous situations like that. It was maybe the only thing he was actually good at as a teacher… and by maybe, Harry meant it was literally the only redeeming quality about the man. He sucked bludgers as a teacher in every other way.

So while he wasn’t comfortable here, he also never felt strictly afraid either. He sat waaay too close to Seamus in Charms class for this to be what got him anxious, when the Irishman inadvertently blowing him up was a much higher probability in his day-to-day-life. In fact, Seamus had once lit both his and Dean’s beds on fire which is what prompted the dorm rule of ‘no magic unless you already knew you could do the spell’, and spell practice was a common room or empty classroom activity.

He wasn’t anxious exactly, but he sure as hell was on high alert. Not because of Snape or Potions though, mainly because of the petrification mystery monster, which he didn’t think was that weird at all. Why everyone was not also on high alert, he did not know, and he was too tired of arguing with Draco about it for now. He also… didn’t exactly want everyone to freak out like he was freaking out right now, as he wasn’t exactly enjoying this. He didn’t want to drag everyone else down if they were somehow just okay right now…

So he wasn’t exactly paying that much attention to the potion, but he certainly was watching his fingers to ensure the ingredients he was chopping were going to be Draco-acceptable when it came time to add them to the potion, but left the actual brewing and potion crafting to the Slytherin who seemed very absorbed in his work. They were a pretty good team as Harry knew to just shut up and obey the strict orders he was getting—and when Draco said the pufferfish eyes had to be cut into perfect isosceles triangles he really meant it so he did his best and left the blond to it.

It was probably because he was mostly just on standby, ready to hand Draco the ingredients he needed and also wound up like a wire he was so on edge, that he saw it just in time. He recognized it instantly as the bright yellow and purple wrapping was very familiar in Gryffindor tower, who all just loved to chuck firecrackers at people. If you tossed a firecracker into the fireplace, it’d actually roar like a lion like a fun party trick, and it happened a lot.

He didn’t actually see who threw it or where it came from, he only got less than a second to realize it was falling for them—and that Draco was leaning over the cauldron, completely absorbed in his careful stirring.

It hit the potion the same second Harry got a fist into Draco’s robe and yanked, tossing him back as hard as he could with only one arm awkwardly flailing out. He hadn’t needed to lean on his reflexes that hard in a long time, but he gave Quidditch and his snitch-catching practice a lot of the credit.

How he’d actually reacted fast enough for that was kind of not important the next instant, when the potion exploded violently.

Draco hit the bench behind them and flailed as he was thrown, but luckily he was then three steps back and out of the mostly-vertical blast radius. Harry’s hand was still fisted in his robe and was angled from the toss—but the half of him closest to the potion was suddenly on fire.

Oh g o d

iT hURt

Stunned, he immediately crouched beneath the bench but sealed his lips tightly and refused to make a sound. Oh god his skin felt like it was melting right off his bones and closed his eyes, trying not to pass out as black spots invaded his vision—

The searing pain wavered as even his good side was suddenly ice-cold, and he was with it enough to realize someone was pouring water over him. It was clean and frigid and somehow it felt both relieving and instantly worse on the side of him that still felt like someone was ripping his skin off slow and surely and—

And it was gone.

He blinked, looking down and realizing despite being soaked and his right hand being noticeably red, he was fine. He touched his face but there too the pain was gone. It smarted something awful though, like he’d just been slapped on every inch of the entire right side of his body, but compared to the pain a second ago it was nothing.

He sighed in relief.

“Harry,” Draco was crouched in front of him, pale face positively grey. It was about then that he realized Snape was moving away from them, hissing violently and a vein coming out of his forehead as he dressed down the classroom for the culprit.

Right, genius potions master. Even if he hadn’t seen it, Snape probably already knew what would cause a reaction like that, and for once was not going to blame Harry for doing this to himself… most likely because doing so would imply less of Draco’s potion-making skill, not because he wanted to give the red-headed Potter he hated a break after that ordeal. Harry would let it slide because he also recognized, despite everything, Snape had just instantly fixed him of whatever that wrecked potion had been doing to him instead of making him crawl himself up to the Hospital Wing.

He was still a bad teacher.

But Harry had been in pain, and now he wasn’t. So… Snape got a pass for today.

“Harry look at me! Are you alright?” He realized Draco was still right in his face and reeled everything back in.

“...yeah.”

He stood, probably too quickly because the blond flailed and hastily copied him, but still looked freaked out. Harry realized Blaise was also staring at him, kind of surprised from the bench behind them, but he didn’t have time for whatever the tall Slytherin was up to today.

He looked at their workbench, but it was ruined—cauldron still intact thankfully but the ingredients around it were scorched. There was no way Snape would let them just skip brewing though: he would if Draco were the one who got hurt, but as he hadn’t, there was just no way. So, he grabbed the duster and started cleaning the ingredients without a word, trying to remember what he’d need to get from the supply closet to start over from scratch. His textbook was kind of singed so it was hard to read the list of ingredients through the dusting of soot over it now…

“Harry,” cold hands gripped his wrists to stop him and he froze in surprise. Draco looked him dead in the eye, unamused. “What are you doing?”

“Ah… starting over?” He said, like it was obvious. Because if kind of was?

He felt like the silence following that statement was… perhaps a little too noticeable. When he glanced over his shoulder though, the tables behind him were all very purposefully minding their own potions.

He looked back at Draco who faltered, looking unsure.

“You’re soaked, and that potion… don’t you need to go to the hospital wing?”

That’s right, Draco’s hands feel nice. He half remembered, kind of ignoring Draco’s original statement but the reminder of the last time he’d seen Madam Pomfrey and Draco’s grip on his still-stinging wrist was nice actually. Cold like snow and free of pain… it was pleasant.

It centered him some.

“Snape is never going to just let me leave, and besides, you’re the one who said the world won’t end in the time it takes to brew a potion. So, let’s just get it over with.” He half shrugged, not understanding why his friend seemed so… worried?

After a long silence he just nodded and walked back to the ingredient storeroom with a determined look, and Harry took the cue to finish cleaning up the ruined workbench, cleaning the soot off both their knives just in time for Draco to get back and hand him the ingredients once more.

Since he’d literally just done this and now had some practice and know-how under his belt, and Draco was a fantastic potion brewer, they still finished about when everyone else did too. Still took an hour but it honestly flew from how intently Draco was working, like he was going for a world record for how fast this potion could be finished.

By the time they handed their bottles in and were cleaning up for a second time… Harry realized just how cold he really was.

He gathered Draco had been the one to pour the water. Harry trusted him even if the water hadn’t done a thing in reality, as his understanding of the potion was better than anyone else’s and whose to say that hadn’t kept him alive until Snape could make it across the room? Harry had no clue what a firecracker did to a potion like this so… he didn’t care about his wet clothes. His outer robe was definitely soaked but hadn’t penetrated deeply so his shirt and pants beneath were the dry side of damp. At most his sleeves were soaked through as that’s where the potion had hit as well, but it wasn’t unbearable.

The dungeons were drafty though, and the Autumn was well upon them.

Without the potion to focus on, he suddenly shivered.

Draco just got back to their area from turning in their work, and definitely noticed it by the way his face flattened, unamused.

Harry blinked as he was stared at disapprovingly.

“What?”

“…the dorm is down the hall. Come warm up a bit before lunch.”

The chair across from Theo’s by the roaring Slytherin fire seemed extremely tempting actually, so Harry found himself nodding immediately.

“I mean I won’t argue with that… I’m not that hungry anyway.”

“You’re not skipping lunch.” Draco immediately put his foot down which made him make a face. “I’m serious—I’m still not convinced you shouldn’t be going to the hospital wing right now.”

“But you promised me we’d talk,” He immediately shot back and the blond rolled his eyes.

“Yeah, I promised I’d talk to you at lunch. Ergo, we’re not skipping lunch.”

Harry cursed under his breath, but he wasn’t wrong. “Damn Slytherins and their technicalities…”

“Pay better attention to the wording of promises next time,” He was given a rather sassy look before being beckoned while he lead the way out the door. Given how close they’d cut it to brew two potions in one class period, they were one of the last ones left… the last stragglers with dead potions in their cauldrons that nothing could save now despite how they were winding down the remainder of class time desperately trying.

Once safely in the hallway, on impulse Harry grabbed his hand once again and made the blond jump nearly out of his skin, whipping around to give him a wide-eyed look.

“What-”

“Your hand feels nice. With the numbing thing,” He told him quietly, and despite the pain long since disappearing over the past hour, the gentle snow of his touch was still very real… even as he shivered in the drafty dungeon hallway, Draco’s cold was still in no way unwelcome.

Draco caught up with what he was saying and his face closed off slightly, but he held onto his hand slightly tighter.

“Right,” He remembered, shifting his weight some. “I… I did ask Madam Pomfrey about it after that conversation we had. She gave me some things to try.”

“Really? With the cup, right?”

“Yeah,” The blond scratched his nose a bit awkwardly, glancing down the hall briefly. “It’s a bloody pain honestly… but I’ve been giving it a go here and there.”

Harry couldn’t help but smile.

He didn’t know why he just…

Draco was watching him, particularly watching his face as if searching for something… before he reached up with his free hand. Not suddenly exactly as he moved slow enough that Harry could’ve stopped him or leaned back or stepped away or any of a dozen things to avoid it… but even then, he was still somehow startled when the Slytherin put his snow cold hand over the side of his face, palm resting against his cheek.

The snow was… much stronger this close to his brain somehow. He felt almost dazed from how it permeated his skull and soothed away what felt like a coil that’d been ruthlessly tightening behind his forehead for ages now.

Almost against his will his shoulders dropped some of their tension.

“Does it hurt?”

“What?” Harry blinked, kind of breathless from the sudden shift. Did what hurt? Nothing hurt right now, it was kind of nice… light and lofty feeling even…

“This… it looks like a cut or something.” Draco frowned, thumb going across his cheek… and suddenly Harry tensed, all the coils in his shoulders coming back full force as he realized what cut he was looking at. “Harry!?”

He didn’t know how pale he’d gotten, but Draco had watched the blood drain from his face and to say it was alarming was putting it mildly. Harry clutched at his cheek automatically, stepping back once and Draco took the hint to let him go, floundering a bit.

“That… this wasn’t from the potion.” He managed to get out, feeling a little dizzy.

Right… I never told him. It was under Madam Pomfrey’s glamour last year and then I took to hiding it under magical make-up over the summer. It’s not waterproof though…

The only saving grace here is that the scar on his cheek was faint enough that the magical make up which evened your skin tone worked on it, but not his lightning bolt scar. That one still had the muggle makeup on it to hide it, which seemed to have held up if Draco still hadn’t seen it yet… it was hard to believe he would comment on the one on his cheek before that.

“You have to calm down… take a breath, it’s okay.” Draco’s calm tone made his racing thoughts center just a little more, but he also refused to take the hand he had on his cheek down. He just… he couldn’t do it.

Not now that he knew people could see it and—is that what everyone had been staring at?

“Harry!”

He refocused again, seeing Draco’s worried expression and trying to calm down. This wasn’t anything… how could he be so… why was this so…

“It’s from last year.” He found himself blurting out, and the blond paused, brow furrowing.

“Last year?”

“Yeah and I—I was hiding it, I guess. Since it’s ugly and I hate it,” He clutched his cheek a bit more aggressively, trying not to see the emotions flickering over his friend’s face at that childish confession. “I was just—I guess the water washed it off or whatever. It’s fine, it doesn’t hurt, it just looks bad.”

“It doesn’t look bad, I was just worried it still hurt.” Draco corrected him kind of sharply but Harry didn’t want to hear it.

He…

I can’t do this.

“I have to go.”

“What happened to lunch!? At least come warm up-”

“I’m sorry I just—can we talk tomorrow? Maybe lunch then?” He all but begged, already moving down the hall and still refusing to drop his hand. Draco faltered, seeming caught for a second before he paused… and didn’t follow him.

“I… yeah. Okay.”

“Promise?” Harry offered him a weak apology smile, which he accepted with a twitch of his lips. Maybe a smile, but the warmth was mostly in his eyes.

“I promise lunch, yes.”

“Jerk,” He managed to joke, just barely… the two of them offering silent, yet fond smiles as apologies for everything they couldn’t say before Harry ran off down the dungeon hall.

000

“You sure?”

“Please just do it.” Draco sighed, because he was sure, even if he didn’t like it.

Daphne gave him a rather sympathetic look, but she also understood exactly what he was thinking about right now, so she didn’t push any further. That incident was… bad.

Even worse was how Harry had reacted to it.

Slytherin had suspected ever since the incident with Quirrell last year, but now… now everyone knew. The fact the Zabini demon had seen it firsthand meant the entire house would know before they got back to the common room down the hall.

It was one thing if they knew, since they were close to him… maybe they wouldn’t use it against him. But it wasn’t just them: the upper years of Slytherin house were only just biding their time for over a year now, and this was a big, big weak point in the seemingly unbreakable character that was Harry Potter. If he fell apart now, it was going to get bad… and there wasn’t really much any first or second year Slytherins could do about it.

The only people who had a chance at fixing this certainly weren’t in Slytherin, and by Draco’s sudden request to her, he knew it too.

Daphne herself wasn’t thrilled about it, but she knew for a fact it probably paled in comparison to what the blond in front of her was dealing with. Draco was probably dying inside but…for some reason, he wasn’t showing it.

He used to suck ass at hiding his expression; like, he had a good poker face but not nearly good enough to actually hide from a fellow Slytherin. The Malfoy heir had still had firstie-vibes with how easily read and malleable he sometimes was, but now… she had no idea what he was actually feeling when he’d come to her for this trade.

I mean obviously he was worried about Harry, no one would think otherwise. And the request itself made a ton of sense: he needed to be sure someone was going to make sure Harry got to the hospital wing or at least didn’t self-combust once he was out of Slytherin’s range to be able to monitor him.

But for his actual reaction to what had just happened… he was a blank slate who was here for business, nothing more.

“What are you going to do?” She asked. She was doing this trade for dirt cheap, mainly as a favor because she also had the ulterior motive of making sure Harry had eyes on him right now. That meant she had enough good will to get away with asking something so casually, she hoped.

“I’m going to the hospital wing.” Was all he said, blank as a wall as he walked by her without a backwards glance. “I’m late for a lesson.”

000

Harry ended up in the Library, perched on one of the study tables and feet rocking the chair he was supposed to be sitting in absent-mindedly as he stared at the large bookcase full of Transfiguration texts.

He’d read or leafed through quite a lot of them, he was realizing as he scanned their covers for something to catch his attention. There were certain texts that had turned out to be useful that he’d actually purchased himself from Bethany’s or Flourish’s, since they were handier to just own a copy and keep in his bottomless bag. He hadn’t read all of them cover-to-cover exactly, but he knew when and which ones to pull for any situation or topic he was on. The rest of the books here… he’d opened and read a page or two before realizing the author a) didn’t have an editor going by the grammar or reading level, b) didn’t have a peer review given the opening sentences usually said something blatantly untrue or too dogmatic for his tastes, or c) were written by robots apparently and were completely, utterly boring to him no matter if they were at least fact checked or not. A good 70% of the books he hadn’t yet touched were fourth-year and higher texts he’d strictly been forbidden from getting into until the blocks on his magics were totally off, and while he was really tempted right now, he knew not to cross Madam Pomfrey… and McGonagall at that. He 100% believed they somehow had trackers on those books just in case he touched one preemptively and he wasn’t about to risk it.

(He had argued that reading was not the same as practicing magic but for some reason McGonagall had still put a cap on it to only a year ahead of his current level while restricted like this. Which, Harry for one, thought was ridiculous… not that he was going to tell that to her face.)

Transfiguration had never really felt like work to him. I mean it did, but not in a way that had him looking for something else to do or take breaks from it like everything else he learned in his classes. No… Transfiguration was what he came to when he was tired of everything else and looking for something more enjoyable. It was still work to read and practice and ponder over how he could use these spells, but he could easily spend an entire day doing nothing else and not feel the need to take a break; it didn’t seem like he’d ever get tired of just whiling away his hours on the topic.

Somehow, his killing time over the past year and change meant he’d put a huge dent in this section of the Hogwarts library, as he was looking but he wasn’t seeing anything blatantly new. He’d already re-opened several books he thought were new only to realize he’d definitely checked them before and had just forgotten what their covers looked like. This place was huge though and there were other sections that were still considered “Transfiguration”, but the farther away down the aisles you got the closer it got to Transfiguration/Potions or Transfiguration/Charms, or the history of Transfiguration which held no interest to him… essentially Transfiguration adjacent topics but not the real meat and potatoes of the subject he was looking for.

In a situation like this where he was at a loss, he should probably go to McGonagall… but he hadn’t really visited her office for a while now. He couldn’t quite bring himself to sit in front of her and act like nothing was wrong, or like he was just there for a question.

He didn’t have a specific question to bother her with, he just wanted to get lost in the topic for a bit. If he didn’t have something specific prepared when he went to her, she’d start asking other questions that he absolutely refused to be part of right now.

A distraction, he was looking for a distraction, and usually Transfiguration would be of help but…

Hm. Maybe I should just properly read through one of the books I have.

That option was less fun, as it was all topics he already kind of knew or had a basic grasp of, and he was looking for something totally new to distract himself.

He felt better after a positively scalding shower and taking far too long fixing his hair and his face after the train-wreck that was this morning. His body felt tired after everything but his mind was still going a thousand miles an minute so, he needed something to make his brain stop thinking about things he didn’t want it too but activities like quidditch and football were right out… he wasn’t hungry so…

Reading one of his current texts seems too dull right now. Maybe one of the Alchemy texts Nick had given him?

Nah, that sounds like work.

He pouted, not nearly as interested in learning just for fun when it wasn’t something he genuinely liked. He wanted to do something fun… that didn’t involve other people for a moment because he was just tired of all that right now.

The only upside of this entire day is that somehow almost getting boiled by a rouge potion seemed to snap him out of his hyper-fixation on the monster, at least temporarily. It could come wandering down this Library aisle right now and Harry would be too tired to do anything about it besides let it eat him or whatever it is it did. Petrify him?

Honestly petrification, lying in a bed unaware of all that’s happening out here… it doesn’t sound so bad.

He instantly leaned back, hands behind him to stare at the ceiling with another pout. Those probably weren’t good thoughts to be having, and he wasn’t entirely with it right now but even he knew that. He didn’t know what would drive Draco insane more: how he was constantly freaking out about the monster and wanting to do something about it like the Gryffindor he was, or if Harry suddenly decided he didn’t care if he got eaten by a monster. Either one sounded like Draco was going to have a heart attack by the time this school year came to a close… or the school shut down, whichever came first.

Wait… there’s one book I haven’t read yet, that McGonagall wouldn’t know about!

He sat up and started digging through his bag, but since he hadn’t thought he’d get around to it for a long while yet it was buried pretty far down. Still, magical handbags came in handy as with only a bit of searching it popped up and he slipped it out with a tremor of nervous excitement. He had half a paranoid thought that someone might catch him reading this out in the open but… it wasn’t like it was obvious that this wasn’t like any other book sitting on the shelves around him. It looked pretty normal and wasn’t even cursed, it was just… a book.

The incriminating part would be the content of said book, as when Draco had given it to him for Christmas last year, he’d warned him not to get caught with it. Having not read it yet he didn’t know for certain but… going by that, Harry was pretty sure this was a book on something the Ministry wouldn’t approve of being circulated to the masses.

Meaning dark arts.

Meaning Transfiguration dark arts which was way cooler.

He still wasn’t really sure what he thought about the ‘dark arts’ in general, given Hufflepuff through Gryffindor acted on default like it was a naughty word as a given. The “Defense of” such a thing was an entire class they taught here but given both his teachers hadn’t, like, taught them anything that useful Harry still wasn’t sure specifically what was so forbidden about it all. Even if he were going to be reading this book he would still like to know the counter-curses obviously, but that was true for every branch of magic automatically—why was there no “Defense Against Transfiguration” class then? In his opinion Transfiguration was waaay more dangerous and could probably benefit from having a counter-class, but no, both the subject and the counter-subject were taught in one class so… why were the dark arts different?

He still didn’t have a good definition of what the dark arts were, to be perfectly honest. He didn’t know what made it dark or bad or whatever… all he knew is that Slytherin’s attitude towards it was that no one spoke about it because you could definitely get in trouble for doing something stupid like that, but none of them were against it. It was a strictly unspoken thing but Harry had picked up that the ‘family magic’ they spoke about was probably all considered ‘dark’, and for both legal reasons and also to be sure you had an ace up your sleeve, it was a closely guarded secret within said families. It was a ubiquitous, normal thing to them though.

In fact it was so common and just not a thing that anyone cared that much about in the snake house, that an argument could be made that the rumor “all Slytherins were dark wizards” wasn’t… technically untrue.

Slytherins were, mostly likely, all using dark arts so technically yes, they were all ‘dark wizards’. They were certainly not all inherently evil though, as Harry knew Draco’s parents had taught him plenty before coming to Hogwarts, and if you told him that the little baby cactus firstie-Draco had been last year was inherently evil because he’d listened to his mother, then forgive him while he laughed in your face.

Since he’d been warned Draco and Blaise were horrible examples and Theo was literally dark aligned, Harry considered Daphne instead. She was a true businesswoman and you bet your ass that if the dark arts had a good deal or gave her an advantage over anyone, meaning literally every non-Slytherin who didn’t learn this branch of magic because they were told not to, then she sure as hell had a few under-the-bar spells in her arsenal.

And well… that’s exactly what Harry wanted.

Since second year had started there wasn’t a spell he’d done in class that he hadn’t also practiced to be able to do while running, or on someone sneaking up behind him, or from a wand in his sleeve or lying on the floor or—or a lot of contingencies his increasingly paranoid brain had thought up over the weeks since the summer. Since Quirrell really.

And while it made him a good student on the surface, it also made him hopefully more dangerous someday. In the aftermath of everything he’d gone through in the magical world so far, the one thing that had been driven harshly home into his soul was that he was weak.

He hadn’t even been able to fight off Vernon fucking Dursley who was a muggle and a fat pig whose greatest bit of exercise was walking to the fridge each morning. What about an actual troll or even Fluffy? Let’s not talk about Quirrell or bloody Voldemort or—now we have mysterious voices and monsters to deal with and it was all just further proof that Harry wasn’t enough to fight against any of it.

He was twelve.

He was average at Defense and frankly kind of bad at Charms.

He was great at Transfiguration though, and he knew it. It was the only thing he could cling to that he could actually do right now, in the face of a lot of things he knew in his bones he was not strong enough to save himself, or anyone else from.

He had a very passible knowledge base of most other second year topics, but he could probably take the fourth year Transfiguration exam this afternoon and pass it, if not even get an Outstanding on it. If McGonagall would let him into these books in front of him, by Christmas he was sure he could pass the OWL even.

But he couldn’t, because he wouldn’t break the trust she’d put in him… but he also needed to learn more because no matter how concerned she was about him racing ahead, she was also unfortunately one of the adults who hadn’t done anything when he’d mistakenly trusted that they would. She wasn’t doing anything, at least that he knew of, and he refused to do the same.

He needed to act and if preparing was the only option he had right now, then so be it. If a book of dark Transfiguration was his only option right now, then so be it.

He wasn’t going to rush too far into it… his first objective was to figure out exactly why this was considered ‘dark’ in the first place, and then make the choice of if he was ready to continue learning it or not. But he saw now reason not to get started and learn the truth himself as soon as possible.

If it would also double as an excellent distraction, all the better.

Unfortunately, he only got through the introductory pages before he sensed a presence and snapped it shut automatically, paranoia still high.

He breathed a sigh of relief when he realized who it was though.

“Harry?”

“Hey, Hermione…”

The curly-haired girl gave him a rather weak smile, clutching a huge book to her chest as she walked down the aisle. It shouldn’t have been so weird, she practically lived here among the books like Moaning Myrtle haunted the downstairs bathroom. It would’ve been weirder if he hadn’t run into her here.

“Are you okay? I saw what happened in Potions.” She was kind enough to be concerned so he gave her as genuine a smile as he could.

Everyone knew at this point, even those outside of the class. Gryffindor lost over a hundred points after all, as despite both a Gryffindor and Slytherin having been caught in it, somehow it was still Gryffindor’s fault. Not that anyone was shocked, given the class it had happened in and the bat that ran it.

“Yeah, jerk that he is Snape actually fixed me no problem.”

“I’m… kind of surprised honestly.” She admitted and he gave a dry snort.

True. I still think it was only because it would’ve killed me if he hadn’t and he’s proud of his record of having no deaths in his classes despite the dangerous topic.

He didn’t voice that though, instead giving an exasperated, “Yeah.”

He didn’t really understand when her brown eyes didn’t lessen their intensity, and instead got closer as if inspecting him. Kind of in his personal space to be honest, but Hermione never picked up on stuff like that and she never meant anything by it so he just let it go when it came to her.

“Are you sure you’re okay? That was a fire protection potion: half finished like that it was practically an incendiary!”

I actually had no idea what the potion was, nor did I care. He admitted to himself… and stupidly enough his only emotion to that news was relief that his hair didn’t burn off. God damn he was vain.

“Well that explains why it hurt so much,” He tried to joke but she didn’t seem amused at all. In fact, she glared at him rather aggressively for the attempt at humor so he faltered awkwardly. “Hermione, I really am okay. Snape fixed me in an instant; it was over in like a second.”

“Did you go to the hospital wing?”

“Yes, and I’m fine.” He lied right to her face, but he wasn’t about to deal with this from her too. Draco was more than enough, and he knew Neville was going to say something when they caught up tonight as well.

“If you’re sure… do you have any idea who did it?” She relented some but her concern at least shifting to the supposed culprit and Harry froze.

I… didn’t even think about the fact someone did that… on purpose.

Where… where the fuck was his head at? He was so wound up about monsters and dark lords that when someone actually attacked him, as in maliciously put a firecracker in a dangerous potion, he’d just… not even acknowledged it? He didn’t even think about the fact that it wasn’t just an accident or a chance happenstance, but that there was clearly an aggressor. Snape even took points off Gryffindor despite not knowing who the real culprit was… meaning there was obviously someone responsible for roasting him. Someone had meant to do that to him.

No, forget that… someone had tried to kill Draco.

Draco had been the one leaning over the potion, Harry had just been handing him things from the side. Draco had his entire head over the cauldron when the firecracker caught Harry’s eye… if he hadn’t grabbed him, there was a chance the blond’s lungs would’ve been roasted and he would’ve been dead in the seconds before Snape could get across the room to them. He could’ve been blinded or permanently disfigured as he’d been so close… would Snape have even been able to undo that level of damage so quickly?

He automatically gripped the book in his arms so tightly he felt the cover deforming under the strain. Something… ice cold, seeped into his stomach.

“It had to have been one of the Slytherins right? Who do you think?” Luckily Hermione either didn’t notice his face or he was better at controlling his expressions than he thought he was, but her innocent detective tone pulled him to the surface once more as a good distraction.

Right… everything he’d just been planning was out the window right now.

Forget everything: he was going to find whoever had nearly killed Draco, and he was going to kill them.

Hermione was brilliant, she’d be a good person to bounce things off of. All the quicker to find them.

His focus snapped center and he pushed the emotions he may or may not have to the side to concentrate on the problem at hand with a clinical approach.

“Well… the more I think about it, even if they wanted to stick it to me somehow a Slytherin would never purposefully mess up a potion to do it. They know Snape actually really cares about potions and they’d never actually risk pissing him off to that level.”

“Wait so… you think it was a Gryffindor?” Hermione’s brown eyes got wide as if the idea had never crossed her mind. Which was a very Gryffindor thing to do: lions never suspected other lions under the inherent belief they were all the good guys, and even if they did do something then it was probably for a good reason so it was okay. It was one of the reasons the snake house hated talking to them: they couldn’t stomach the attitude, particularly not when Slytherins were mostly pessimists who were inherently aware of that fact that no one was entirely good.

Everyone had a weak point, after all.

Harry however, liked the Gryffindor blind spot of thinking they were always in the right. As he himself was also a lion, it absolved him of a lot of things without even trying, no matter what he was actually doing, since his dorm mates usually defaulted with the ‘well he must’ve have a good reason to do something so shady’. If he were anyone else he’d be called out or hexed as a dark wizard before anyone asked a question.

“A firecracker in a cauldron? Seems very Gryffindor to me. Or a very ballsy Slytherin which I’m struggling to believe but still possible I guess. And while I’m sure it wasn’t one of the Gryffindor guys I also know Lavender avoids me like the plague.” He glanced at her pointedly because… well Hermione did share a room with her. “I mean, I thought everyone our year generally got along well. You haven’t heard them say anything like, that evil right?”

“No… I mean they’re… gossipy, for sure. They say mean stuff but not plotting to hurt someone kind of level.” She hedged, seeming uncomfortable as she shifted her weight. “Also… did you and Ron make up then?”

Oh shit I forgot about him.

“You forgot about him,” Hermione sounded oddly disappointed, and he winced. Could she read his mind!?

“Ah… yeah I might’ve.” He admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. He gave it some honest thought but… he couldn’t quite see it. “But he’s also not that… I mean he talks a big game but he never actually does anything, you know? How would he get away with throwing that from across the room, but then Dean and Seamus are the ones being screamed at? Seems a bit trickier than something Ron Weasley could do. I mean I don’t like him but I don’t think he would. I didn’t think anyone our year would.” He confessed.

“Not even the Slytherins?” She countered with a frown.

“If Blaise had done it he’d have already told me just to rub it in my face. He’s kind of crazy so that would check out but anyone else…? Risking Snape’s wrath seems not worth it for something he could fix with a wave of his wand. If they were gonna take a risk that big it’d have to be for something way more lasting or humiliating or something.”

What he didn’t say, was that if the potion was really that dangerous, the snakes would absolutely know it. If one of them were actually trying to kill Draco, there were much cleverer ways to go about it than so publicly like that, and going toe-to-toe with Draco and Snape over potions knowledge was not a good idea, flat out. Banking on this potion killing Draco and blaming it on an accident was never going to happen as Snape, a literal genius at potions, would know immediately that it wasn’t a mistake in brewing, but an outside ingredient that had gotten involved. If a Slytherin were the mastermind, then the intent was not to kill anyone since the plan was way too badly made for something like that. Which meant it had to have been for humiliation or pain or something and… frankly no matter how much they hated either him or Draco, risking getting caught by Snape was in no way worth it.

The only ones stupid enough to think they’d get away with it, or at least stupid enough to think humiliating him worth that risk, would be Crabbe and Goyle who… back to Harry’s argument with Ron, he sincerely doubted would actually have been able to successfully pull that off.

“I’m overthinking it maybe… who knows, maybe Peeves was invisible or something and has a death wish.” He shrugged, although he half suspected Snape would’ve warded his classroom from the poltergeist… maybe even with school permission since it was a dangerous subject and having a prankster around that couldn’t be contained or told what ‘too far’ was, was not a good idea.

Could you kill a poltergeist? Harry was very willing to give it a shot.

“Well… I’m not sure about the Slytherins but I’ll listen to see if Lavender and them say anything.” She offered diplomatically, not seeming convinced at all but also at a loss.

“Thanks Hermione… I’d really like to find out if I can.” He made his tone as soft and harmless as possible so she didn’t suspect the active murder he was plotting. Luckily she smiled eagerly at him with a firm nod, so she bought it.

“Of course! I’ll keep an eye out.” She agreed easily and he flashed her a smile. “In any case, what were you reading?”

I should’ve figured there was no chance she wouldn’t ask.

“Transfiguration again. This one kind of sucks though—the author clearly doesn’t know what they’re talking about again.” He deflected easily.

He grinned at her very annoyed, yet playful pout. “I hate how you do that! Books are great resources, how would one get published if it wasn’t true?” She insisted. She always hated when he started calling books trash because of their writing styles or because the authors were clearly making shit up, and it was always great entertainment to him.

“Very easily in the magical world apparently. If I could wave my wand and make a book appear, I can put anything I want in it, regardless of if it’s true! And people don’t like to question things in the wizarding world so people just buy it.”

“But it wouldn’t have made it into the Hogwarts Library if that were true!”

“Are you sure about that?” He chuckled, because he knew for a fact it was. Half the books in this one section were written by people Harry was fairly sure would never be able to pass the Transfiguration OWL of today. Before she could blow a gasket or he started coming off too condescending, he had an idea and dug into his bag once more. “Actually, I have a book you might like that will help you understand where I’m coming from.” He found it easily and handed it over.

She eagerly accepted the new book, needing to place the huge one she was holding down on the table for a second to take it and happily examined it—only for her face to drop a bit.

“Alchemy again?”

“Oh come on, we had fun with it last time, didn’t we?”

“I mean I guess… but I didn’t need to set things on fire to know rocks aren’t made of cotton.” She gave him a flippant look and he rolled his eyes.

“That’s so not the point, the point is to question things and to understand why things happen. I really think you’ll like it; give it a read!”

She still looked unconvinced, but Hermione was also never one to turn down a book recommendation either so she got over it and gave him an earnest smile.

“Alright I will… thanks Harry.” She clutched the new book tightly to her chest, face flickering some. “Did you… did you finish the book I gave you before? On the study of emotions.”

He winced before he could stop himself but gave her a reassuring wave when she wilted some at that reaction. “I didn’t finish it yet but I mean to! The first one was really helpful, I promise… I haven’t punched anyone this year, have I?”

Which pulled a very small, exasperated smile from her. “I guess not.”

“See? It’s totally working, and that’s thanks to you!”

“But I hear you’ve been bullying the first years so I really think you should finish the next one.”

“Wha--!?” He spluttered a bit wildly, having been called out so bluntly like that, and she gave an honest laugh.

She shifted a bit uncertainly. “Did you eat dinner yet? The Great Hall’s about to be open.” She offered.

“I’m really not that hungry,” he admitted honestly. After the day he’d had… but instantly realized he’d messed up when she positively wilted in front of him. Oh, right… she didn’t… really have a lot of close friends, from what he saw. Hence the haunting of the library being a common occurrence. He plastered on a smile instead, despite really wanting to not show his face in the Great Hall after word about today’s potions class had undoubtedly spread to the entire student body by now. “But I probably should have something small after that potion incident… I’ll come sit with you at least for a little bit.”

He offered the olive branch, but she lit up like it was the moon he’d offered instead. He would probably bail early in the meal, feigning the need to get some rest after his incident today, but he also wasn’t about to trample on her kindness either.

He really, really wasn’t hungry though.

000

Whatever Harry had been expecting when he got back to his dorm, it certainly wasn’t Neville standing in the middle of the room with his arms wrapped around himself.

He’d been certain he would’ve had time to himself here, dinner was barely half over and he’d slipped out after listening to Hermione regal him with her homework troubles for thirty minutes. The fact Neville had beat him back here meant he hadn’t gone to dinner at all, but instead was waiting on him.

“Neville?” He blinked in surprise, because the blond faced him head-on so it was kind of obvious he had something to talk about.

Not that Harry hadn’t completely been expecting it, but the meek Gryffindor usually waited until he was settled to slink up to him and quietly ask if he was okay rather than… whatever this was.

And this was certainly something as he watched the blond see him and his apparent nervousness just… evaporated. He stood up straight and dropped his arms to the side to give him a smile. And even though that smile reached and filled his blue eyes with warmth like sunlight… somehow Harry still felt slightly nervous that there was more to this than he could see with his eyes.

“Can I talk to you for a second?” He asked, directly to his face.

Which, Harry hadn’t ever really seen him do before so he was really taken off guard.

“Of course! I mean obviously, yeah…” He was curious and also kind of… unnerved when Neville walked over to Harry’s own bed and sat on it without an invitation. Not that he needed one obviously but still. “What’s up?” He wondered wildly, plopping down beside him. It was a familiar position—they’d talked loads, exactly like this a hundred times before.

What Harry was completely not prepared for, was that this wasn’t a conversation they’d had a hundred times before—not by a long shot.

“Harry, you’re… probably my best friend, you know that?” Neville came out of nowhere in announcing that, and Harry froze completely solid in surprise at the sudden tone shift. “I know I’m not your best friend, but that’s okay. Draco is more decent than I ever gave him credit for; Seamus won’t stop picking quidditch fights with him and he’s very polite to everyone even if he’s not strictly friendly. You’re really important to me and I don’t have an issue with him: I don’t want you thinking any differently.”

Harry could only gape at him soundlessly for a second.

“Where did that come from!? I mean, I’m glad… last year I know…” He trailed off, feeling a little clammy remembering how Neville had avoided Draco like the plague only last year. Only a couple months… weeks ago? To go from refusing to talk about him to suddenly acknowledging the blond Slytherin… made him very, very nervous. “Neville?” he pleaded for an explanation.

“Don’t be worried.” The golden blond only offered a kind smile. “I know you don’t want to hear that people are worried about you, but will you accept that you have a lot of people who care about you? That you’re my best friend and I’m lucky to have you. That everyone around you is very happy you’re in their lives, just being yourself.”

He didn’t know how exactly… but there were suddenly tears streaming down his face.

What the hell…?

Neville just offered his hand, and it wasn’t until then that Harry realized he’d very pointedly been sitting a foot away without touching him. But now he was offered, and Harry grabbed the offered appendage with both hands, leaning into his side sharply for the support because he couldn’t do this… whatever this even was! The supposedly meek Gryffindor remained strong, sitting upright and letting him lean into him without a reaction but a gentle squeeze of his fingers.

“Neville.” He demanded, but just got a pleasant smile. Absolutely no comment or judgement at all about his tears. “Why!? Why with—with all of that…?”

“I won’t tell you what to do or ask you to tell me anything at all. You never have to tell me anything, but it won’t change the fact you’re my friend. Do you believe that?”

Oh god it hurts.

“Yes,” Was all he could get out before the tears turned into a sob… it felt like there was a ten ton weight bearing down his neck that forced his head to bow, weakly putting it on Neville’s shoulder. And it was the truth, remembering back to when they’d returned from break… how Neville hadn’t pushed at all. He never pushed, he just cared… he was just there.

He couldn’t handle it and he sobbed.

Something cracked inside his head and tears came flooding out… and he was completely helpless to stop them, like a river surge ripping him under and him weakly struggling to survive beneath the unstoppable torrent. The boy beside him shifted and slipped his hand away, only for arms to gently wrap around him, light as a feather. Harry responded in kind by grabbing his middle like a python and squeezing the ever-loving life out of him with all the strength he had. If the blond couldn’t actually breathe like that, he didn’t make a sound of protest or try to stop him.

He just cried.

He cried so hard he forgot to breath until a hand on the back of his shoulder blades pressed sharply to remind him to take in an ugly, sobbing breath of air every so often.

Neville just accepted it, he didn’t push at all or say a word. The fact he’d somehow known how close Harry actually was to the edge… that he’d purposefully pushed him with kind words and then caught him just as kindly made Harry want to curl into a ball and die.

He didn’t know why he felt like a piece of shit, but he really, really did right then. Everything about how awful this entire week—year? Life?—had been sunk deep into his flesh and weighed at him heavily. He felt like he was drowning, and now that it was in his own tears he felt pathetic and… and raw.

Eventually… eventually, using all his strength to hug the life out of his friend sapped him of his energy and he relaxed the hold to something more reasonable. He was a full mess right now as he finally managed to remember how to breathe through the rapidly cooling tears on his cheeks… mixed with hot ones still coming down freely though he forgot about trying to stop them temporarily.

“I… where d-did all that come from?” He asked wetly to the window behind Neville’s shoulder as he got a gentle squeeze back.

Neville’s silence had seemed… very purposeful. Very heavy, actually. As he finally spoke, Harry could feel him well up and consider his words very carefully as he found his answer and shared it gently.

“…someone better at potions than me told me what it had to have felt like, to have it explode on you like that.” Harry frowned, not understanding where he was going with that at all. “Harry… you didn’t make a sound. You didn’t care. You weren’t even angry.”

…what could he say to that? It was true, wasn’t it?

“You’re certainly not weak Harry… I just wish you didn’t have to be so strong.”

He inhaled almost against his will… tears, somehow hotter than before slipping over his cheeks with a renewed vigor.

“I don’t…”

What do I say?

“I know I can’t understand, but I also know some bad things have happened to you, for that to have meant nothing. You don’t have to tell me anything, you don’t have to tell anyone anything, but I want you to know I know something happened. And that I care, without any details at all I still care.”

Harry gripped him harder still, almost afraid to let go.

God what did he do to deserve Neville?

Probably nothing.

He didn’t deserve Neville.

No one did.

“I-I really am okay— it didn’t—well it hurt but it wasn’t…” He wasn’t sure why he couldn’t get the words out, but Neville just waited for him to work through it with unending patience. “It was over so fast I didn’t really….”

All the blond gave was a mild hum of response, accepting that.

But the potion was not why he was crying right now. Not at all.

Why am I crying then?

And he was sobbing again like a broken mess but no, it had nothing to do with the potion. The hands on his back running soothing circles now to remind him to breathe were unbearably kind, but no… they weren’t comforting him about the potion either, somehow he knew that.

He realized far too late that he was shaking like a tuning fork, and Neville’s arms around him were light and unrestrictive, not too hard—Harry was the one giving him a death grip.

“N-Neville?”

“I’m glad it didn’t last long, if nothing else.”

He was shaking so hard he couldn’t even really see straight and if he let go an inch he knew he was going to completely unwind at the seams, shaken to pieces like a toy robot breaking apart under a toddler’s careless thrashing—the arms around him the only thing holding him together right now.

It didn’t really hurt, the potion. It was over so fast how could he care about something like that!?

… it didn’t hurt… it didn’t hurt… it didn’t hurt…

He clenched his eyes tightly shut, not sure what his brain was doing to him now.

.

It had nothing on the cruciatus

.

Oh.

Is that what he’d been avoiding thinking about?

Why had he…?

As if he’d suddenly been electrocuted he flailed, jumping back and practically shoving Neville’s arms off of him. He very ungracefully leaped back as if fire had appeared between the two of them and he needed to get away, standing in an instant but frozen with his feet rooted to the floor because couldn’t move away from him or he was certain he’d die but he also—he couldn’t—he couldn’t face Neville like this.

He actually felt like he was going to throw up. He felt absolutely sick.

Because somehow he’d completely forgotten… no, he’d shoved it away. It had been the fiftieth blow to his brain and his heart and his soul so he couldn’t stomach it back when he’d first learned, and somehow he’d taken the knowledge and shoved it so far down he could pretend the world was fine for half a second. He could go to classes and brew potions, play quidditch, read books, and talk about nothing—he could go about his life because he’d taken all of it and shoved it away. Locked it up and swallowed it. He kept going and he left to what he couldn’t fix for a plan for tomorrow, like a good little Slytherin—

A Slytherin that he wasn’t.

His whole body felt cold. So, unbearably, horrifically cold.

His hands were shaking uselessly in front of him, like he wanted to do something with them but had no idea what, and the tips of his fingers were completely numb. It was so hard to breathe like this, and he wasn’t even crying he was so fucking terrified.

He’d buried it under everything else over the summer, but that last part of his parent’s will that he’d been ignoring for the sake of keeping Neville close to him… because if Neville knew he’d breached his trust like that he’d—and Harry couldn’t lose him or—

He was horrified.

He was so horrified he couldn’t even form words.

It filled him to the brim and made him want to give a blood curling scream because this was unbearable.

.

Alice and Frank Longbottom were tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange

.

Neville.

Neville?

Gentle and shy and despairingly kind Neville, who just… who just took it all and never said a word and he—his parents--!?

Harry hadn’t wanted to think about it but he now knew exactly was curse had been used to torture Alice and Frank Longbottom, to remove their sanities from this earth and away from their child. He knew exactly what kind of spell had made Neville essentially an orphan like him, for all intents and purposes. He knew exactly what made him so gentle with someone who was seemingly out of the god damn mind right now. He remembered too vividly how he’d begged for nothingness instead of that hell on earth… he wondered in a daze if he wouldn’t have gone insane eventually too, if Voldemort hadn’t decided on killing him instead.

Oh yeah, death was way better than that.

Death was way better than that.

But Neville… Neville.

Neville who didn’t even look offended or concerned that he’d been shoved off, who just peacefully lowered his hands to his lap from where they’d been tossed off (his touch had been so light—was he expecting that to happen!?) and how his words from earlier were now piercing into Harry’s psyche with enough force that he wondered if he wasn’t going to go insane from this instead.

Neville hadn’t wanted anything to do with Draco… in hindsight it was obvious why.

But instead of rightfully keeping his distance or even seeking revenge if he could get it… he’d decided to accept Draco instead.

He’s… decided to… to accept…?

Harry didn’t understand. He couldn’t. How could anyone understand this!?

How could you understand kindness?

He broke suddenly then, shoulders slumping and burying his face in his hands as he sobbed once more. How could someone like him understand how incomprehensibly brave this quiet Gryffindor was for being willing to forgive an enemy for the sake of a friend? For someone rotten to the core like him? He in no way deserved this.

How could he forgive someone who caused him pain just by existing, just to be able to stand by someone who he believed didn’t even acknowledge him as that dear a friend back?

Harry was just… completely disgusted with himself.

NO ONE deserved Neville Longbottom. But least of all me.

“Harry?” his soft voice finally broke into the world that was slowly crumbling around him, and Harry flinched violently. He still had no idea how he could be so forgiving, so kind, and it fucking terrified him honestly because he didn’t know what to do with it. But Neville didn’t care if he was terrified, he just offered his hands very, very calmly. “What do you want me to do?”

Harry felt his heart squeeze in his chest as he forgot to breathe.

Then it just… all came spilling out.

Everything.

Every terrifying thing that haunted his nightmares: hooded figures in dark hallways and hot sheds, the sound of summer crickets muffled by wooden walls and windowless hallways that never end. Every single thing Quirrell had said and done, the terror and the scars on his hands, his cheek, his chest. Disgustingly guilt-tinged werewolves and betrayal, bloodlines and fear. Voices in the walls and small cupboards. Humiliation and pretty red hair. Colin and monsters and hands that crumbled to dust in your palm. Voldemort and muggles and trolls and snakes and lions and everything.

Everything.

Neville just… sat there and took it.

His expression didn’t falter, he didn’t get angry or look worried. Harry was a complete fucking mess and he knew none of the words made much sense, but Neville was smart and probably the best listener there was, so he could probably fill in a lot of the gaps of the senseless, babbling story. He never so much as flinched, but his calm look only got more reassuring as Harry cried harder and the confessions got wilder and less coherent.

The reassurance that he wasn’t going to react or say anything meant Harry just kept going, and it snowballed until it just didn’t stop.

He talked until his throat hurt and he didn’t even know what he’d said anymore; he was pretty sure he was actually repeating things now, but he couldn’t stop any of it and it all just—it came spilling out and he—he couldn’t—

“…the cruciatus?”

It was the first thing he’d said in all this time and Harry just… froze solid. He reeled all his panic tightly inside and stared with wide, agonized eyes into the blue ones looking up at him. Neville wasn’t angry but… his posture had cooled a lot. His expression and his hands were still open and inviting even if Harry didn’t dare grab onto him again, but there was a chill that had descended over him that even he couldn’t stop as they got to the topic Harry couldn’t face… but he also could not keep from him either.

He was so full of shame he wanted to sink to the floor and disappear.

“I know,” he confessed in a rush, the words just tumbling out. He couldn’t face him, shaking like a leaf as he put his face in hands again and bowed forward like he didn’t know if he could keep standing through the horror of this confession. He was terrified… he didn’t know why he was so terrified of Neville of all people but he was. Even then… he couldn’t bear to pretend he didn’t know now that he remembered everything that he’d been running from. “I know I—I read my parents will—I—your parents were in it and I—I didn’t mean to but—but I—"

“My parents,” the blond repeated… calm but heard his voice wavered painfully.

Harry felt like he’d been stabbed through the heart.

It was so real he clutched at his chest just to be sure there would be no blood. He wasn’t sure if he was happy or disappointed he wasn’t actually dying when there was none.

The last thing he’d wanted was to hurt him… he couldn’t bear to hurt him… to hurt Neville of all the people in the world who didn’t deserve to be hurt— he let out a sob, giving way to sound of wordless despair.

“I’m sorry,” He sobbed, helpless.

I can’t protect anyone, and I couldn’t even do this.

Suddenly, there was an iron grip around his wrists that yanked hard enough to make him stumble, and he blinked awkwardly through tears until he let Neville sternly pull him back down to sit beside him on the bed again. He didn’t let go of his wrists, in fact gripping them tight enough it almost hurt, forcing Harry to look him in the eye.

Finally he was more than just calm, and now there was compassion and fear and… and something he couldn’t place as Harry fretted what he’d say.

“What happened to him?”

“What?” He breathed unsteadily, but Neville was steady as a rock. His grip tight and his eyes very, very intent.

“To Quirrell.”

What happened to him? Harry thought hysterically.

Well… he couldn’t fall any farther. He’s already messed it up, and Neville had asked.

So he told him.

The god’s honest truth this time came spilling out and horror filled his throat with bile as he actually put into words what he’d done. The crumbling hand, the Transfiguration… ah, but he clung to Transfiguration and even as the vivid images came back with an ugly reminder of how filthy he truly was to be able to resort to things like that, it didn’t hurt when thinking about the magic… it was just magic after all, magic he loved… and Transfiguration was safe.

It was safe. He could handle talking about it… never mind what he’d done, it was all just Transfiguration.

The only reason he was able to say it all, is that Neville didn’t waver an inch. He just took it in, calm as ever.

“He’s dead?” was all he asked. Nothing in his tone gave away what he felt about it, so Harry felt numb as he answered honestly.

“Yeah.” He admitted, weakly. At some point he’d dropped his head down again, unable to meet the blue eyes looking intently at him. He wasn’t brave enough. “I-I can confirm everything McGonagall warned us about with Transfiguration… even simple principles are deadly. It wasn’t that h-hard to be honest, I mean I… I w-was only a first year.”

He was almost afraid of admitting that even to himself… to admit it out loud… much less to Neville…

Kind, forgiving, just Neville.

The only true Gryffindor Harry actually believed in. Someone with a soul of shiny gold and a moral compass that pointed true north… admitting he’d killed someone, every gruesome detail and how it’d been easy to do it even…

Hands around his wrists tightened and pulled him up to look up. He was a bit surprised how close Neville had gotten, inches away and blue eyes locked on his.

“Good.”

Harry stared back at him.

…what?

His heart… ached.

He didn’t know if he needed to be forgiven for what he’d done. It was self defense after all, at least that’s what he told himself… and would’ve told others though no one had asked… and maybe he’d never admit but it still felt…

He silently dropped his head against Neville’s shoulder in something like… relief?

Relief that the arms around him didn’t hesitate, and were much, much stronger now than the light hold he had before.

He was just… being forgiven for something he didn’t even know had been under his skin all this time, tears flowing more freely but… not as painfully anymore. He cried harder and… simply fell apart.

“I should’ve told you… I should’ve….”

The supposedly meekest Gryffindor didn’t say anything else. He didn’t answer him, but whatever Harry was apologizing for here, he sensed Neville certainly wasn’t holding it against him. He wasn’t asking for an apology or an explanation or a plan or anything.

He was just here.





Chapter 54: Book 2 : Envy : 21




"What do you think? It's nice right? I love the color on you!"

Neville didn't really get… colors, exactly… certainly not the way Harry got them somehow.

However, looking in the mirror to examine his friend's handywork, he had to admit he liked the sweater vest he'd been put into… it was warm, first of all, with big stitching of thick material for the brisk weather, and a nice, light, off-brown sort of color. He didn't get what specifically about this color was so great but Harry had seemed annoyed by the fact the entire school could only pick from one of four colors to dress in… not that Harry himself had ever paid attention to that trend at all, but still.

They had their uniforms but there was also a lot of leeway given for practicality, so yes their outer robes were standard for colder months but what you wore under it mattered less, so long as it was neutral, presentable, and you had your tie on. In warmer months no one ever got detention for not having their black robes on, or missing ties if you were working in the greenhouses or leaning over cauldrons in potions and similar things that the strict uniform would interfere with.

Harry seemed to really like talking colors and his muggle clothing was… wild, to say the least. He didn't wear things like that under his black robes though as he could read the room and knew neon teal t-shirts probably weren't in the spirit of the Hogwarts uniform, so he kept things like that for non-class hours. He had been getting more and more creative with what he wore with his uniform though, but had been very faithful to the "neutral and presentable" guidelines set before them while still being very unique and interesting every day. Not the white button down, poorly-tied tie, and black slacks every other guy in Gryffindor wore, that's for sure.

They'd made a deal, over the past couple weeks, which is how Neville ended up also dressing like this… or having Harry hand him things to wear each day that he had no willpower to even argue about.

He'd always known his friend was an early riser, but he also suspected it wasn't exactly a good thing to be operating on that little amount of sleep, given they went to bed at roughly the same time, yet Harry was always up hours before Neville could drag himself into wakefulness. They'd reached an agreement that Harry would stay in bed and try to rest more at least an hour more than he had been, and in exchange when he did "wake up" officially, Neville would get up with him. Spending too many hours before sunrise with his own thoughts hadn't been doing him many favors so he agreed to take his calming drafts before bed and stay there until Neville got up, which he'd thankfully been very good about sticking to so far.

Neville wasn't sure if the extra sleep (or rest at least since he suspected he was just staring at the ceiling if he woke up too early accidentally) was actually doing him any good, but he couldn't be much worse than the alternative.

So, now up far earlier than he'd have chosen to be, they had some time to kill between the two of them in the mornings now. Harry spent a lot of time getting ready since he had the time to spend, but since Neville was just… there also, he'd suddenly decided that they both needed to get ready with the same amount of gusto.

Not that he'd forced anything on him just yet, but Harry had also gleefully started unearthing clothing from apparently nowhere and was also now scarily good at Transfiguration to be able to tailor it right to him and… well, Neville was just bad at saying no. Besides, he'd never been that concerned over what he wore, and he'd have his black robe over it all day anyway, so it didn't really matter that he was now wearing brown slacks and shoes that definitely seemed to be muggle but were very comfy for how odd they looked… as well as things like sweater vests and jumpers over his white collared shirts that were all colors he'd never imagined himself wearing before.

Things like off-brown and undercurrents of green or mauve were all totally foreign concepts to him as colors used to be 'just brown' to him… and frankly they still were 'just brown' to him, but the nuances in different colors seemed to be very important to Harry so he didn't say anything and just put on the clothes he was handed.

He also trusted the red head, because true to form, regardless of what the color was called, even he was able to recognize that the new sweater vest really made his dark blond hair seem… more gold somehow? And it also didn't look bad with his Gryffindor tie either, as matching the bold lion-red to things was not easy, and why even most girls stuck to whites, blacks, and greys beneath their school assigned colors. Black clashed with nothing after all.

He'd also not pushed a hair clip or bauble or anything on him as of yet, sticking just to clothes and Neville admitted with Harry picking out the clothes and tying his tie for him, he looked a lot more put together than any version of himself he could've come up with. At least now he looked like he had his life together, no matter what the reality was. Harry had even gotten his permission to trim his hair up a bit and it looked much less… juvenile? Was that the word? His old haircut was the one he'd had for most of his life, meaning ever since he was six or so, but now that he was twelve, almost a teenager at that… he supposed this new style was nicer for that purpose at least. Maybe people wouldn't baby him as much someday then.

He doubted Harry would ever be one of those people though, as he fixed his hair for him, beaming over his shoulder in the mirror.

"I do like it," he admitted, because it was true. He couldn't quite share the joy Harry seemed to have, but he also liked that this small thing made him happy.

"Yay!" he cheered, fixing his own hair before leading his way out of their dorm bathroom. "I wonder if breakfast is open yet," He wondered aloud, though much quieter as their roommates were still snoring soundly back in the main dorm. Sometimes Harry asked him to braid his long red hair for him, but today seemed not to be one of those days… which meant it was a better day than normal.

That was good. Hopefully breakfast would have something very filling and he'd actually eat all of it for once.

"It probably will be by the time we make it down there." He agreed, grabbing both of their bags as Harry made faces at Ron's very grating snore behind his curtains. He sighed silently. "Come on…"

Harry happily chatted about their Transfiguration test later today (ugh, please don't remind him) while they walked, and then the conversation turned to football, which Neville could actually participate more in. He was… not the best but he had been the default goalie for most of their games thus far this year. He liked to think he was doing much better at it recently and by Harry's very energetic praise felt a bit more confidence to keep trying. He wasn't sure what the real point of being a good goalie was but… he wasn't exactly the star talent at anything else in his life, so it felt good to have something for once.

They were very early to the Great Hall, in that breakfast was not technically served yet… however the house elves below would never let someone who was hungry go without, so when they sat, tea and small biscuits appeared on the plates before them. Neville figured real breakfast would appear in maybe twenty minutes or so....

Hogwarts had set meal times but it was very generous with start and end times. It normally depended on when kids were actually hungry, and while there was only a handful of early-rising kids milling about right now, mostly doing homework or minding their own business at their corners of the tables, once there was about a dozen kids or so ready to eat then food would start appearing regardless of if it was technically on time or not.

It was kind of nice, to be able to sit and actually talk at a normal, if not slightly quieter than normal volume. Being able to talk lowly and actually be heard in the Great Hall was a rare thing, but something that had been growing on Neville as they settled into this new routine of theirs.

They chatted a bit, still on football which was nice… but unfortunately it didn’t last long since, as always, someone called to grab Harry’s attention.

“Good morning you two,” The girl in question walked up casually… a lot more casually than Slytherins normally did to the Gryffindor table, although it probably had something to do with the fact he and Harry were literally the only Gryffindors currently sitting here right now.

“You’re up early,” Harry gave her a look and Daphne just shrugged it off, nodding her greeting… Neville was slightly surprised she even acknowledged him. Most Slytherins didn’t… and he half worried Harry would wonder why—

But he was sufficiently distracted when she handed him a letter wordlessly, and Neville was then less concerned about Harry’s suspicions, and more so about the new tension in his shoulders.

“Don’t look so worried, I believe it’s good news.”

“Good news…” he repeated, still staring at the letter like he wasn’t sure if he wanted to open it or not.

Harry had told him everything so… he kind of suspected what was in it.

“Why don’t you leave it until after breakfast. We have a break before Herbology anyway.” He suggested quietly and Harry frowned a bit before locking eyes for a moment and deciding to listen. Luckily, he’d been doing that more lately.

“…I guess I will.” He agreed, slipping it into his robe pocket safely. Greengrass raised a brow.

“Not curious?”

“Of course I am, but I’m eating first,” He shrugged flippantly, like it wasn’t a big deal. Like the real reason wasn’t that if he read the letter, then he’d be too worked up to eat and Neville would make disappointedly worried eyes at him until lunch.

She didn’t push, giving a shrug. One glance around the room and she actually slipped into the table beside him, making Neville blink.

“If you don’t mind… are you talking about the game this weekend?”

“Why, looking to be on our team?”

“I might have an interest…” She deflected coyly, and Neville couldn’t really argue… she was one of the better midfielders in the club so far. Only really the Weasley twins, who were damn near the best at it, had her beat so far.

He figured it was the Slytherin-y-ness probably…as the current only snake in the club, Daphne had a real knack of sticking to the middle of the field and making some very clever plays, which usually worked now that people had relaxed enough around her to listen to her when she called the shots. Her and Marissa, a fourth year Ravenclaw had been proving to be just as much trouble as Fred and George could be sometimes, though if they were on the same team Neville would feel less anxious about needing to defend against tricky plays like that… then again he really wasn’t interested in facing the twins, who could read each other’s minds apparently. He was just thankful they’d settled as midfielders too, not forwards… although Susan was a forward who did apparently whatever she wanted regardless of rules and she was on the opposite team this weekend…

He winced at the reminder. She was kind of terrifying and kicked really hard.

“Thinking about Bones, huh? She’s certainly a problem, isn’t she?” Greengrass chuckled at him and he felt his cheeks get hot. Was she a mind reader!? “If you let me on your team I may have a plan or two that should have her cooling it some.”

“I mean…” He didn’t really know, since no one really let anyone onto their teams or not. It was still unofficial enough that people just sort of grouped together and the team captains who’d decided to kick off a game were responsible for filling out their teams with 11 people and back-ups if needed.

“Otto is our team captain this week, you’ll have to ask him— though I’m not against it,” Harry gave her a knowing looks and she made a face. Right… Otto being a third year Gryffindor and not on the best of terms with Slytherins in general. Harry must’ve felt benevolent today though because he just chuckled. “I’ll ask him when he comes down for breakfast.”

“Thanks,” She gave him a thankful grin, before jumping right into the new tactic she wanted to use.

Neville… ate a biscuit and listened carefully.

000

“Again.”

Draco felt sweat pooling on his brow and winced as he wiped it off. He thought himself pretty athletic given his dedication to quidditch for practically his whole life, and especially recently now that he was on the team, but this was a whole other monster altogether.

He put his hands in the air around the goblet in front of him and strained to gather the energy needed to perform the spell, just barely reminding himself to clear his thoughts and refocus on the feeling he’d found that echoed through him, the one that caused the right ripples to appear across the water in the cup before him. He was not used to the trial-and-error forms of learning things but to say he probably wouldn’t be forgetting it any time soon was an understatement…

That being said, just because he now knew the feeling of how to do it correctly, didn’t mean it was easy to do several dozen times in a row.

As evidenced by the last ripple disappearing on the water’s surface half a beat too early compared to all the other times he’d done it.

“Hm,” Madam Pomfrey hummed neutrally. “That seems to be your limit then. Remember the strain you just felt in performing that spell and if you’re ever in that situation again you will cease healing immediately, even mid-spell if need be. You understand how to cancel healing spells?”

“Yes Madam.” He nodded, that being one of the first things she’d ever drilled into him, along with quite the lengthy and far-too-detailed lecture about exactly what kind of gruesome things even simple spells that didn’t finish properly could do to a human body.

“Good. I will reiterate that this particular spell, if incomplete because of a lack of magic or concentration, can turn one’s skin inside out on the appendage you’re working on. For arms and legs that’s unfortunate but you will kill someone should it be their torso or their head.” She explained bluntly, and while he’d heard it before he still felt disgusted by the reminder.

“Yes Madam.” He kept his thoughts to himself though. He hadn’t quite realized she was testing his endurance for this, he thought she was testing him on his ability to perform this spell: the first one he thought he’d mastered, and it was an extremely basic one to heal a minor scrape: even a paper cut might be too deep for this low-level spell for how basic it was. The only promising thing about it though, was that he’d done it entirely wandless, without an incantation, and the entire spell took only four or five seconds to complete.

Which he thought was pretty good but—

“It is a decent start Mr. Malfoy, however you will need to keep at it until it can be done within a second. When done with a wand that spell is nearly instantaneous. Also given the amount of power you are using it would probably be suited well for a scraped knee or palm, however in its full form it should be able to absolve someone’s entire body of abrasions and, at its peak, even remove sunburn entirely. My advice is to keep at it until you can build the power and speed for performing it. I commend you for being able to do it successfully multiple times in a row however: that is a critical first step.” She was brutal as ever in giving strict praise where it was due, but also having no mercy at all in how far he still had to go.

As he wiped the sweat from his brow he grimaced in thinking how long just getting this far had taken him.

“Yes Madam,” he sighed instead. “I don’t suppose you’re going to teach me anything else to keep it interesting while I work on this?”

The woman gave him a very indulgent smile that scrunched the wrinkles of her eyes in a lighter manner than she’d been addressing him in thus far.

“I do not suppose I will. To build your ability into a powerful one I’m afraid the only way to do it is one step at a time. I suspect once this is mastered you will have the understanding to move onto other spells slightly quicker than this first one… but unfortunately building your magical reserves to be able to heal continuously, using stronger spells than these basic ones, can only be done through repetition and dedication. You may have the skill to learn a new spell, however you do not have the magical prowess for it just yet. Practice until you can no more and eventually you will.”

“Right…” He already suspected that given her warnings before, but it was still depressing to hear.

“I will give you a comprise, if you’d like?”

He perked up instantly, anything but the slog he’d been going through sounding mighty damn appealing right then. “How so?”

She gave him another indulgent smile before reaching to the side of her desk with a stack of small journals that’d been there since he’d arrived at her office for his lesson, clearly having been prepared in advance for this.

“Our agreement thus far was to help you develop your ability. Have you given any thought into what more you’d like to do with it, in the future?” She prompted.

“Like… actually being a healer versus just someone with this ability?” He clarified, flexing his hand pointedly and she nodded patiently.

She had explained the difference—he could have this ability just fine, that was just something unique about him… but to actually be called a healer he’d need a lot more training and the intent was to attend St. Mungos for a certification of sorts after his Hogwarts graduation. Pomfrey had explained that most started from scratch as graduated wizards with NEWT level knowledge in Charms and Potions, and it took them two to three years to get their certification. He, as a second year without any kind of NEWT level knowledge in anything, but with a private tutor and this inherent ability of his, could probably study for it during his time at Hogwarts and she suspected it would only take him maybe a couple months to get that certification upon graduation. And even that would be just going through the motions to get the paperwork in order mostly.

While that was all well and good, it was a lot of work if he wasn’t actually planning to be a healer. He could just keep training his ability and call it there, if he wanted to, turning it into a clever party trick at best and pursue anything else with his career instead. Or, if he intended to actually become a healer…

Honestly… he still didn’t know.

He hadn’t truly given a ton of thought to what he would do with his future, he was pretty well preoccupied by just trying to survive his school year and he’d always had this vague understanding that he needed to be prepared to get ahead in the world but…

But what does ‘get ahead’ mean exactly? What is ‘success’? The objective goal is to make wealth for the Malfoy name but we are the richest in Wizarding Britain already. I could own businesses and such like father does without it being my entire life, right?

When he stopped and really thought about life after Hogwarts… waking up in the morning, what would he want to do with his day? Eat breakfast, play quidditch… if he wasn’t a professional quidditch player he’d definitely like to own a team maybe, which would be a decent source of income too, but then in the off season there was only so much that could actually fill up in a day…

His cheeks turned a light pink when the brutally honest side of him admitted quietly that really… whatever day-to-day life he lived, he knew he’d want to see Harry in it. Even if it was just catching up with him in Diagon or doing… whatever it was that Harry was up to because come hell or high water Draco knew Harry would always be up to something no matter what it was…

The idea that he would spend his days stuck in a solicitor’s office like his father or doing political tea parties like his mother… was truly not appealing to him. It sounded dreadfully boring even if that’s sort of what he felt like he should be doing somehow.

Really… despite how bad everyone said he was at it, being with people was the highlight of his day. He could only take so much studying alone or flying by himself before he went insane; part of the only reason he and Blaise somehow manage to become sort-of friends was that neither of them could handle being isolated islands of people no matter how bad an idea it was to get involved with each other. They weren’t Nott who would happily never talk to another human again and be just fine. No… Draco found he gained energy from talking and engaging with others.

So yeah, he sucked at manipulation and playing the Slytherin game, but he did honestly enjoy trying. He liked talking and he thought he was slowly getting better at it as he developed his strategy of how to become the kind of Slytherin he wanted to be. In his current day-to-day, the ‘high’ points were always when he’d engaged with someone somehow. Even if it was an argument or something negative, he still preferred that to not speaking or keeping to himself. He hated being ignored way more than he hated getting into conflicts or arguments, that’s how basic his desire to be with other people was.

So yeah… sitting in an office or playing house would get boring immediately.

Other than working in a shop or some other kind of basic public service job, what kind of profession guaranteed human contact every day? There was almost no way to be a healer without dealing with people constantly, which he kind of liked the sound of in a weird way. He did not feel overly empathetic or soft, like the traditional concept of what a healer should be like, but Madam Pomfrey sure as hell wasn’t soft on him as she’d gone about giving him these lessons. In fact, apart from some smiles spared here and there, she wasn’t really that empathetic at all.

Most of Hogwarts knew intimately how scary she was—Sprout was the portly motherly-type, but Madam Pomfrey had always been terrifying. He had no desire to be subservient exactly but… heaving the Madam’s sort of reputation was in no way unattractive to him if he could somehow replicate it someday.

He could totally fake some smiles in the name of being ‘comforting’ when it counted, but if being pretty uncaring otherwise was okay… and going by the Madam’s attitude it clearly was… then it didn’t sound like a bad life choice at all. In fact the idea that it required skill in Charms and Potions, two of not only his best but his favorite subjects, kind of made it feel like this was well suited to his personality type. The physical work itself had his interest already and he wasn’t against learning more as he genuinely enjoyed the topics too as they were pretty cool.

Besides, it didn’t hurt that a healer was viewed as a very esteemed position in the wizarding world. Aside from Aurors it was one of the only professions that required more education outside of what Hogwarts taught (and no Malfoy was about to become an Auror, thank you). There was value and prestige in the role and given Madam Pomfrey was setting him up to be able to get his certification in record time, would make him one of the youngest healers alive right now and add even more prestige to the job.

Would it bring esteem to the Malfoy name? It would be a weird career choice for sure, but yes it actually would.

Was it light or dark tinted? Depending on how he used it, it could go either way or even strictly grey which was perfect. That flexibility was really attractive particularly since he still had no other solid plans (…and he suspected that he would need to be pretty agile to keep on top of whatever Harry was doing at any given time).

Was it useful? Oh Merlin yes it would be, just imagining the kind of deals he could strike was mouthwatering.

Was it profitable? Potentially, again depending on how he used it, and he was sure he could find a way to turn a profit someday post-Hogwarts. He knew his mother paid a pretty penny to have private healers look at her family and friends rather than ever go to St. Mungos herself, and he could probably take that leverage pretty far in the right situation.

Did he think he’d like it?

Actually… yes, surprisingly, he realized he just might.

There was more, because of course there was more. Things like what happened if the Dark Lord returned… being a healer was a lot like being a potions master, and Severus had already proven that being useful to someone with more power was a great way to stay alive. On the exact opposite side of the spectrum, if the Dark Lord never came back and Draco could happily have Harry in his life in one way or another, he already knew damn well that being able to heal broken bones and minor cuts was going to be critical since Harry didn’t seem to be any less danger prone as time went on—in fact it only seemed to be getting worse.

The potion incident had… rattled him, some.

He’d heard the whispers and been there after last year’s incident, on the train ride home under a silent truce with Longbottom as they just watched Harry try not to unravel into string before their eyes. He had really hoped his friend would’ve reached out to him over the summer to talk things though, but Harry hadn’t contacted anyone… and maybe he still didn’t quite understand how bad that actually was, but he knew now it was worse than he’d been fearing. He now regretted doing nothing, not pushing harder or just showing up at his door somehow… he wasn’t sure what exactly he should’ve done but looking back, he now knew for certain he really should’ve done more.

Even now he hated the fact he had no clue what he should’ve done, all he knew was that he should’ve done it.

“Don’t be so dense,” Blaise had rolled his eyes at him after Harry had disappeared after that potions class. He still had no idea how much the tall Slytherin actually heard of their exchange, but he suspect it was more than he would be comfortable with. “Only professionals don’t make a sound when you burn the skin off half your body. Your pet Gryffindor is more impressive than you, you spoiled brat.”

Draco had ground his jaw until it ached, particularly because the Zabini heir had sounded legitimately annoyed that he still hadn’t figured out what they all apparently knew. Nott had stared daggers at him, blue eyes piercing his soul silently as if asking if he were being serious right now…

But Draco hadn’t been able to say anything. He was still trying desperately to catch up and was realizing he was failing people spectacularly right now. It completely sucked, on top of the fact he was positively ripping his hair out that Harry wasn’t okay and he didn’t know what he should be saying or doing.

He didn’t know how to fix things.

He didn’t know what to do.

His hands could ease pain but he had never once been someone Harry would open up to for comfort or shelter or just to get a weight off his shoulders, and at this point even Draco wasn’t oblivious enough to not see that. Harry didn’t share things with him and while he’d once been content to just wait him out, he now knew there would be no out-waiting Harry Potter. Or, he could out-wait him, but Harry would not be the person he met last year anymore by the time he made it through everything he’d been suffering through on his own.

And that kind of terrified him.

He already knew things were different. Harry was anxious and being more Gryffindor-like, not because of a choice or his pride, but because he was stressed and not willing to be smart about things anymore. He was panicking almost, about everything. Where had the guy who’d plotted for months just to destroy Montague gone?

Draco unfortunately knew.

That guy was kidnapped by a teacher and he was not okay after it. People still didn’t know the details as only Harry and the ex-Defense professor (may he rot in Azkaban) knew what actually happened that night, but that meant Draco was completely in the dark. Everyone else apparently was able to fill in some context clues and he was not sure why he couldn’t.

His pride and stupidity would only cost Harry in the end though. It didn’t matter that he wanted to be the one his best friend came to for help, for some reason the fiery Gryffindor just wouldn’t do it… not with how he was, maybe. Maybe Draco was doing something wrong or just not being approachable enough or… or something—but it didn’t matter!

Despite how he hated it, he admitted defeat.

He couldn’t do shit right now, so he asked for help.

Greengrass was way safer than Blaise and the only one who had a shot in hell of approaching any Gryffindor to make a deal given her involvement with them through the football club. Besides, he was pretty sure she was genuine friends with Harry at this point and had her own worries about him—something that was proven correct when she agreed to it for practically nothing, when he would’ve offered a lot more in exchange for her help.

He didn’t ask who she’d gone to or what deal she’d struck, all Draco knew was that Slytherin couldn’t help Harry right now… it had to be a Gryffindor.

The lions were better at things like emotions and impulses, and certainly Harry was neck deep in his right now, unable to see anything else beyond whatever was invading his mind and his heart. It stung that he needed to concede to Gryffindor but… Harry was a Gryffindor in the end, though everyone (including him) liked to forget that fact.

While he didn’t know… Draco did suspect it was Longbottom who’d finally stepped in, given Harry was practically glued to his hip ever since that incident.

If he were a better man he would’ve been thankful to the quiet lion, but he was just silently keeping his petty annoyance (jealousy) to himself. The only thing he felt happy about was that Harry seemed to… be a bit brighter now. He’d been looking very haggard since the start of second year, to be honest.

Still, Harry visited the Slytherin table for meals but it’d been mostly just that: visits. There was a lot less hanging out, or he was splitting his time more evenly between the four houses now, which is when Draco realized just how often he’d actually been sitting with them this year. He wished it’d go back to the way it was, but…he also knew Harry was happier this way.

He liked people too, just in a far more friendly way than Draco did. He could at least understand wanting more people than just the likes of Blaise who just heckled him constantly… though he still wished he himself would rank just a tiny but higher in the red head’s priorities every time Draco watched him sit with Hufflepuff at lunch or chose kicking a football around with Ravenclaws over catching up over study sessions.

He kept all those mortifyingly childish thoughts to himself though, in the safety of his own head and made sure no one ever knew he was thinking them. Least of all Harry.

But because he suddenly had more time than before to himself, he was a good student who was always on top of his homework, and shockingly enough quidditch couldn’t take up all his daylight hours, he now very often ended up in the Hospital Wing, taking Madam Pomfrey up on her offer to instruct him a bit on his ability. Her office was now a pretty familiar sight and she was a good teacher, if not someone more strict than McGonagall, which Draco had not realized was possible.

Weirdly enough, she was a lot like his mother though and he knew to shut up and nod respectfully when powerful witches were instructing him on things he knew he was nowhere near their level on, so he’d slipped quite easily into her good graces by being a polite and obedient student. Draco had a lot of pride as a Malfoy but he wasn’t stupid—the Madam was actually terrifying and the more lessons they had where she detailed extremely graphic injuries without blinking or how to effectively utilize mind altering charms, the more he his posture straightened and the more polite he got. She was one witch he had no interest in crossing, and luckily she laid out clear rules about what got on her bad side and what was approved very early on, so he could play by them very well from the start.

He kind of liked the clarity. He was struggling in Slytherin politics because 99% of it was implications and subtext and pre-knowledge and ever-changing power dynamics… all things he was very bad at picking up on in the moment if he didn’t know about someone ahead of time. Having someone literally spell out in a neat, bullet-pointed list of things that were allowed and things that would piss her off was actually a breath of fresh air, so he found that despite ending up here to kill the excess of time he suddenly had, once he was here he actually genuinely did enjoy it.

Over time… he also realized his previous plan, his desire to let Harry be… he could do that as a healer. Harry could go off and do whatever dangerous thing the wanted to do, and if Draco were useful to him, if having someone who could heal him right there by his side was in any way a reason for Harry to admit he needed help if maybe he otherwise wouldn’t…

Honestly, it was kind of worth it.

Because Merlin knew Harry wouldn’t actually admit defeat that easily, Draco was going to have to do this on his own and then just be there in case it became clear to him that Harry could use a hand.

Because honestly, what else could he actually do? This last incident had proven he was entirely helpless to help Harry in any other way, but he could now fix a minor scrape, and maybe one day do even more so… while he struggled to catch up with how to fix a mind and a heart, he could at least fix a body.

Draco operated under the general belief that Harry didn’t really need him. To be brutally honest, Draco probably didn’t need him either… in fact his life was a lot harder simply because he’d decided his best friend was a Gryffindor.

But this, in his very Slytherin way, was what he wanted from his life, so really it should be about what he could do to get it first, then everything else second.

And he wanted to be someone Harry would want to need.

He straightened up under Madam Pomfrey’s gaze, holding his hands out for the documents she was holding.

“I haven’t exactly decided but… I wouldn’t be against learning what goes into it.” Because he couldn’t make it too easy or commit to something like this without a lot more thought… but he was intrigued, to say the least. He didn’t have a better plan, he should say, and starting early could only help.

“Of course,” She seemed to accept that logic with a twinkle in her eye, handing the papers over easily. “Then while you practice this spell you can also learn some basic knowledge of healing as well. I think the second one in this pile is of the most interest to your practical practice.”

He noted the top-most document was a very official looking Tenets of Healing with the St Mungos’ symbol at the bottom which was probably the introductory booklet on what it took to be a healer, however lifting it up to see the second one… he blinked in surprise to see a packet that was very much handwritten.

“Occlumency?” He tilted his head. “I’ve been learning it for as long as I can remember from my parents.” He admitted.

“Most Slytherin children do, as I understand,” She agreed, but tapped her temple almost pointedly. “Healers’ minds are meant to be more secure than most, as we see people in their weakest states, and can know confidential things about someone simply by the nature of our job. In that Tenets of Healing journal, you’ll find one of the most important rules is secrecy, and the art of maintaining your patients’ secrets to the point of death. Occlumency is a critical part of being able to accomplish that, and therefore healers have their own form of Occlumency that is, to put it plainly, a higher form than you would learn anywhere else. They are designed specifically to be unique barriers to protect medical knowledge and a patient’s health status.”

Draco snapped his head up, eyes going wide. “Really!?”

The implications…

She cut his wild thoughts off with a tap to the paper he was holding. “This document outlines the bare minimum, however the actual technique is only for those committed to being healers, not those who are dabbling, I should say.” Her eyes sparkled in amusement as he huffed, realizing he’d been caught.

“So I wouldn’t learn it until I was serious about being a healer,” He deduced.

“Yes. And let me be clear, you must actually be serious about being a healer, not simply say you are… believe me I will be able to tell the difference, Mr. Malfoy.”

He felt a shiver race up his spine under her gaze and… yeah, he thought she probably could.

“I understand.” He relented immediately, not willing to cross that firm line in the sand until he was a lot more sure than he currently was.

“Still, being good at Occlumency even as it’s traditionally taught will only help your focus as you go about mastering these spells, particularly as you are learning them without a wand, which takes several times the amount of focus than learning them normally would take. Some believe that a good mental space will allow your magic reserves to grow more quickly—there’s no official evidence for it, but it’s a wives tale told amongst healers in training.”

“Alright, I can take a look…” He shifted through the papers to see what else was in here, seeing titles for what seemed to be a list of beginner charms unrelated to healing but should help develop the right skills, an intro to healing potions, and even a journal on magical core properties, but it was the last and the thickest of the provided works that got him making a face as he saw the cover picture.

Pomfrey chuckled at his reaction. “That is, of course, the main point of healing: to understand the human anatomy and what it is that you will be healing. Magic is much cleaner than muggle medicine, but it’s still important you learn how a body should work, to be able to know when or what the injury to it is, so it is a great place to start if you’re going to get into the theory beside your practical practice.”

Blood had never bothered Draco one bit, but he had to admit the book’s cover having an image of a body without its skin was off-putting enough for his taste’s. Although if he was going to be getting into this, being squeamish about bodies was something he’d have to get over pretty quickly.

He had to admit though, he was kind of curious too.

He’d never given much though to how or why his body did what it did, and it was interesting to know he could learn it all.

“Can we start with this then? The basics I guess before I start reading.”

“Very well. Take notes: let’s start at the foundation of the human body, which is the skeletal structure,” She began without fuss and he already had his notebook out as he started writing it all down quickly.

000

“Excuse me!?” Tracy Davis still hated him, but thankfully she seemed to have reached the conclusion she wouldn’t be able to shake him off no matter how much she wanted to. She was visibly annoyed and muttering darkly but didn’t say outright no when Harry set his best puppy dog eyes on her. “You have a lot of gall, Potter,” She sneered.

“I don’t want to know the password I just need a way in is all! Would it make you feel better if I traded for it? How about some Transfiguration notes?”

“That feels even worse!” She snapped, but contrary to her words spun on her heel and walked back to the wall where she’d just left the Slytherin common room to let him in. “I’m not being bribed, you’re here because some other lunatics allowed it is all, not because of anything I did, you hear?” She warned him and he made a show of zipping up his lips.

“Not a word, I promise!”

“What are you even doing in there?” She huffed, pointedly not opening the door until he answered which was easy enough.

“Well I need to drop a note off for Daphne and also promised to give Theo some of my notes in exchange for a new book he found. McGonagall let slip there’ll be a pop quiz this week so I figured he’d want them sooner rather than later,” He slyly slipped in that info for her benefit as well, trying to butter her up, and by the twitch of her brow she knew exactly what he was doing. “And to be totally honest… I want to ask one of the snakes on the mantle if they know anything about the petrification monster that’s eating first years.”

She blinked, kind of taken off guard by that last one.

He eye twitched but… like everyone else, she wasn’t unaffected by the threat the monster posed and if it was Slytherin’s monster, then the mantle snakes that Salazar Slytherin himself supposedly enchanted might know a thing or two.

Surprisingly, it was Dean who’d pointed that out when he confessed his concern over the monster. He hadn’t had a chance to theorize with Draco and the other Slytherins yet, not really mentally ready for the kind of effort that would take, but at Neville’s encouragement he’s started by trying to brainstorm with the other Gryffindor guys as a warm up of sorts. That discussion had been, predictably, kind of outlandish and still somehow skewed into already assuming it was Slytherin’s monster and that it was definitely the murderous voice he’d heard (Harry thought so too but he still had no proof as of yet, something his roommates were happy to ignore). Seamus and Dean seemed very on board with the idea that some Slytherin was the culprit, not really hearing the ideas that it could be a spirit or something more troublesome, so it went about as Harry had suspected it would.

Their ideas of where to find out more though were far more practical than anything Harry had come up with though, and even better yet they were things he could actually do right now that he didn’t have to plot or practice for. Dean’s idea to talk to the snakes was flat out brilliant, but Seamus had also suggested they explore the castle as a group to see if Harry couldn’t find the voice again… which he was not going to tell his Slytherin friends about, particularly since Daphne had already called him stupid for even attempting to do so earlier.

Thing was, there weren’t exactly Aurors wandering the halls right now so Harry felt if he got petrified at least he wouldn’t need to freak out about it for the rest of the school year until the mandrakes were ready, and then it’d be him and not someone else. Also, doing anything, much less doing it with friends he trusted, was better than just sitting here in his own anxiety that someone else would get hurt while he was in his dorm doing nothing to stop it.

Stupid, maybe, but his roommates were completely down to jump into the fire beside him and somehow that made him feel better. They wouldn’t break curfew and would most likely just end up wandering the halls together to kill time—he’d already gotten them to promise that if he did find something they were running to the nearest teacher to report it, not confronting it themselves, which seemed like a decent compromise.

Tracy looked like it physically hurt her to admit that was a pretty good reason to need to get into the snake den… he was really the only one who could talk to them and if it helped stop the attacks then she would benefit from it too. So without dignifying that with a response she just opened the door for him. He thanked her profusely as he slipped in—which she ignored, but he tried!

He hadn’t lied at all, all three of his objectives of visiting were true, but he also happened to pick a time when he knew neither Daphne nor Theo were actually here. You could never predict where Blaise would be in a given day but Harry lucked out that he didn’t seem to be here either as he made his way as casually as he could through the room. He tried to act both like he belonged there so as not to stick out, but also not like he owned the place since those that did notice him would surely take issue with that. He was usually never here without an ‘escort’ so to speak, so despite someone having to let him in, he was unaccompanied right now and knew that would be a red flag to some. So, he kept his head down as he made his way quickly to the mantle.

He slipped behind Theo’s chair to kneel by the fire, and he saw all the snakes recognize him, but the two massive ones around the carved trees in particular lifted their heads in interest.

“If it isssn’t the Ssspeaker.”

“Sssorry to bother you. I wasss hoping to asssk you a few quessstionsss if you didn’t mind?” He offered back politely, and the one closest to him hummed.

“If I know an anssswer, then you are welcome to it.”

Harry was thrilled the snake was far more helpful than human Slytherins, because he’d been prepared to need to beg or convince the beings and was thankful it wasn’t necessary. The littler snakes had been a ton of help back when he was learning the gossip they’d overheard in the common room, but they didn’t really seem to have that deep of an attention span: the two bigger ones at this specific fireplace, the biggest in the entire room in fact, seemed to be much calmer and less vapid somehow. Hence why he was hoping this one would be able to tell him something a little deeper than who was dating who, or who had blackmail on who and so forth.

As if sensing the depth of conversation here, the dozens of tiny snakes carved around the mantle seemed to quiet down and appeared to be watching this exchange curiously as their bigger friend took the lead.

“Do you know anything about the attacksss that have been happening in the ssschool this year? Have you heard othersss talking about it or anything from Hogwartsss itssself?”

The snake lifted its head some to be level with him, humming quietly.

“Attacksss? No, I have not.”

“I have not either,” The other large snake chimed in, much to Harry’s disappointment.

“A ssstudent was petrified earlier thisss month. Ssso was a cat, with writing in blood on a wall claiming that the Chamber of Sssecretsss hasss been opened, and the asssumption is that there’s a culprit who did that writing, and who maybe opened the chamber then. People are sssaying it is Ssslytherin’s monssster.”

“I do not know Ssslytherin’sss monssster.” The far snake said, but the one closest to Harry turned to its partner before looking back at him calmly. Hesitantly almost.

“If such a chamber exsssisted in Sssalazar’sss time, I did not know it. However, I recall sssomething like that after hisss time. Another one asssked us of that not too long ago.”

“Really!? Who? Was it recently?” Harry was floored. Who else was a parselmouth!? That was almost bigger news than there being a monster at all!

“Not ssso recccently… there wasss a boy. Very charming… he was a ssspeaker too. He ssspoke of the cassstle wallsss and sssecret passagewaysss. He plotted how to win againssst hisss enemiesss, and plotted attacksss as well, though it did not ssseem to go as sssuccsssesssfully as he wanted it to at timesss.”

“Another ssspeaker? Do you know how long ago?” Harry had a sinking feeling in his stomach.

“I do not recall. Time fadesss and lurchesss, but there have been many generationsss of facesss I recall, sssince.”

That wasn’t exactly good… and Harry had a bad feeling he knew who the other speaker of some unknown amount of years ago was. He had no idea how old Voldemort actually was, but it didn’t really matter as there was really only one most recent parselmouth in history besides Harry himself, who also happened to have very well-known violent tendencies that may be interested in attacking his fellow students…

He’d been a Slytherin. He probably once sat in this very spot and asked these snakes some questions of his own, as the only person who could understand the relics Salazar Slytherin had left behind.

The thought did not make Harry feel too good, to be honest.

“Do you remember hisss name?”

The snake paused a long… long time as it considered that. It took nearly two minutes of dead, nearly awkward silence but then…

“…Riddle.”

“Riddle? Are you sssure?”

“It isss all I can recall.”

“I mean even that isss very helpful, ssso thank you.” Harry ducked his head at the creature who flicked its stone tongue at him as if acknowledging that. “Can I asssk…?Why do you remember but the othersss don’t?”

“I am the oldessst.” It said blankly. “I recall many facesss. Including the face of the man who carved me, and who enchanted me to guide my sssiblings here. We are not real sssnakes after all, we are ssstone enchantmentsss for Sssalazar’sss children.”

The other snakes had short memories, they were only there for either decoration or time-of guidance. They could remember a couple years back it seemed, but nothing more than that…

This one was carved by Salazar himself though, likely for his actual descendants who should’ve been the only ones who could speak the snake language. Harry was intrigued to say the least.

“Do you have a name? Mine isss Harry.”

“I may have forgotten it over time.” It admitted. “I do not need one either.”

“If you’re sssure,” He relented, but kind of fascinated by the stone being. It had to be hundreds and hundreds of years old which was wild to wrap his mind around. It being an elder he actually respected for once, he felt the urge to be more polite than he normally was… it just had that distinguished air about it somehow. “Do you know what the other ssspeaker meant about the passsagewaysss?”

“He found large tunnelsss hidden in the wallsss. If Slytherinsss monssster exsssisssted, he wanted to ussse them to move unssseen.”

Which, completely checked out if that voice he’d heard from seemingly nowhere had just been hidden in a wall. And if that was really it… he was going to need to check that out if he could. He was pretty good with Serpensortia now, that might be the opportunity to really test it out…

He shelved it for a moment, but he’d definitely circle back to that as soon as he could.

“Ssso you don’t know if Slytherinsss monssster really exsssisssted, nor what it would be?”

“I do not. My creator never mentioned sssomething like that to sssomething like me.”

Which would also check out… Salazar probably had no need to tell one of his enchanted decorations one of his most important secrets after all. It was just a stone décor in the end, not a confidant as back then parselmouths probably weren’t as undeniably rare as they were today.

Still… it wasn’t the information he’d been after, as it didn’t tell him much about the attacks happening now except that the monster probably wasn’t disembodied, it was just moving through secret passageways in the wall… but he was finding a path Voldemort had once walked, as if sensing an echo he’d left behind. Was Voldemort’s real name Riddle?

There had to be people like Neville’s gran that knew him then. He had to be old but not that old that no one alive remembered what he was like before he was the ‘dark lord’ everyone feared…

Harry wasn’t sure why it was so important. Maybe it was the idea that knowing who this enemy was as a human first, made him a lot more manageable than just… He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.

“What a look of concern you have, child.” The snake broke his thoughts and he did a double take, realizing his expression had probably gone off the rails some.

“I didn’t think you’d underssstand human facesss that way. Apologiesss.”

“I’ve had time to practice. And children are easssy to read.” Harry didn’t like being called a child, but he allowed that the snake was a thousand years old so everyone probably looked like a child to him.

Then again, he was only twelve so… maybe he should just shut up.

“I am worried about the attacksss. The boy who wasss petrified wasss a friend.” He admitted. “You’ve been a great help in other waysss, but I ssstill don’t know what to do about the threat here.”

“I know of no creaturesss that prefer petrification but the gorgonsss.” It admitted, and Harry made a note of that.

He seemed to remember a DADA class that talked about how gorgons were humanoid, and mostly wiped out hundreds of years ago… they were malicious, at least in the story taught to them, but intelligent like humans or werewolves or vampires or any humanoid ‘dark creature’ was. Given what he’d learned of how the magical world treated werewolves, Harry had decided to not make a judgement on any supposed ‘dark creature’ until he’d met one himself, so he shelved that implied accusation away for much later.

“At the very leassst, if it isssn’t Sssalazar’sss chamber or hisss monssster, then there isss sssomeone claiming it and attacking people under that guissse.” He frowned, trying to think through it. If it wasn’t a gorgon, what else petrified people? This snake who’d actually met Salazar Slytherin couldn’t even confirm if the chamber or the Slytherin monster even existed at all so… he really had less than he started with.

“I am not the only sssnake in the cassstle, merely the oldessst that I know of. Sssalazar carved many more outssside this room, ssso go look for them. Perhapsss they will know more.” It gently soothed him and he relaxed his shoulders some… that was a good idea.

These snakes were stuck to a mantle after all, but Salazar Slytherin had once been one of four people who owned this entire castle… he hid the chamber somewhere, if it existed, but he could’ve carved snakes in a million other places outside of the Slytherin dorm as hints or guides or for fun, etc. If one happened to be in a very prominent location… maybe it had seen something!

Now instead of just looking for disembodied voices, maybe he could repurpose the Gryffindor boys’ search they were doing later into a snake hunt instead. He didn’t think he’d looked close enough at wall decals and paintings other than briefly glancing at them as landmarks since he got here, but maybe now was the time to take a hard look at them all.

“That’sss actually a brilliant idea: I’ll do that! Thank you ssso much, sssir.” He bowed to it again, and it flicked it’s tongue silently.

“Hm… you ssseem lossst.”

Harry lifted his head, surprised. “Do I?” It just stared at him without answering, and he remembered it’s purpose with a wave of nervousness. “You sssaid Sssalazar created you to help. What isss it that you were meant to tell Sssalazar’sss children?”

“Information if I had it. Guidance assss well, if asssked.”

“Did the ssspeaker before me ever asssk for your help?”

“No. The ssspeaker of that time did not often asssk me for guidanccce or adviccce. He complained often when hisss plansss did not work, however if they were susssesssful I doubt he would care enough to mention it to me.”

“That ssseems a bit rude.” Harry was sympathetic as was only polite, but also recognizing they were probably talking about Voldemort here, him being polite seemed to be a minor issue at best.

“It isss jussst the way sssome little sssnake are.” It hummed, in a tone that said it’d be shrugging if it could. If it had shoulders, that is.

Harry pressed his lips, a bit curious but also nervous about the answer.

“What other adviccce could you give me? I’m not a natural sssnake.”

“No? You ssseem just fine to me. Though I could tell you are not of thisss houssse.” It admitted, though not unwelcomely. “If there wasss anything to sssay, it would be to sssmile more. I would tell that to all the children here if only they could underssstand me.”

“Sssmile?”

“You are children. While you are in thisss hall, you are children—mossst importantly you are Sssalazar’sss children. Clevernesss isss a great desssire, but it all ssseemsss ssso ssseriousss. There isss no point, if you are unhappy.”

Harry felt… cold, in a way. ‘There’s no point if you are unhappy’? Did it even matter if he was unhappy if he wasn’t alive?

Because if he went back to the Dursleys, if another teacher betrayed them, if the monster turned out to be as murderous as it sounded… if someone he cared about died, then it didn’t matter how happy he was now.

“What if there are dire consssequencccesss if I don’t sssucceed? No matter my age, I’ll likely die before the sssummer is out if I can’t do thisss, and do it myssself.”

“Sssalazar would be ssso sssad to hear it.” It sounded genuinely sorrowful too. It was nice that it at least acknowledged his fears, not dismissing them as outlandish ramblings of a twelve-year-old, but the sadness also seemed… bigger, somehow. “If that isss the cassse, then at leassst ssspend less time worrying about it. Do it well, but make it far more effortlesss then that.”

“But it’s not that easssy. It isssn’t effortlesss.” He grit his teeth, though forcing himself to keep polite.

“Then make it ssso.” Harry got the feeling it’d be smiling at him if it could. “If you cannot do it easssily, then you are gracelesss. You will run out of time and effort to give.”

“I don’t know what that meansss.”

“Very well.” It seemed it was fine with his lack of understanding and his frustration, which was kind of annoying. “Isss that all you need of me?”

He ducked his head respectfully despite his annoyance. “It isss for now… thank you for your guidance.”

“I do not mind Sssalazar’sss children, even if you claim not to be one. It was interesssting… and I wish you luck with your challengesss, young one.”

“Thank you. I may need that luck.”





Chapter 55: Book 2 : Envy : 22


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Sylvester,

Thank you for the contingencies you provided, I do hope to be able to react appropriately on your behalf when the time comes. I believe I understand what is not acceptable to you and will do my best to prevent any of it from coming to pass.

I have some good news and some bad news, but rest assured I am dealing with the new challenges that have arisen, it just may take longer than either of us are going to be too pleased by. I mentioned there are some who are vehemently in opposition of seeing this get-together take place, as I’m sure you can already name a few. The major issues are a Bonbon and a Lemon… I would’ve much preferred the Lemon never find out about this party until it was too late, but that was frankly wishful thinking. Lemons always know unfortunately: their hooks into government are even more expansive than mine. (I’m told they love paintings too.)

I have dealt in the help of the White parties, and they suggested a good work-around for the amount of power the Lemon has, at least for this situation. It is too sensitive even for coded letters such as this, so I’ve left it at Gringotts with your account manager if you could make a point to stop by over the holidays. It has also come to my attention the interference this particular Lemon has over vacation plans you may or may not have, so your request of the Moon to be a back-up to the Star may need to happen sooner rather than later. If you do not already have Christmas plans, Ms. Fields will be giving you an invite and I’ll see to it you can view the Moon together.

The Bonbon is far less tricky, but it is quite troublesome in its own blunt way. I hope Ms. Fields has explained the concept of tagging people in this industry, and let’s just say the Bonbon has nearly depleted itself by tagging people to prevent the gathering from proceeding. The Whites are some of the most prolific taggers when it comes to chocolates and have agreed to halt such activity for the time being so that the Bonbon may dry up eventually, but it’ll take a while. I originally had a party date to share with you, however it’s been canceled and postponed half a dozen times already for… managerial incompetence, shall we say. I won’t get your hopes up until the date is as sure as I am possible of being.

I plan to spend the coming weeks doing plenty of tagging myself, and will reach back out perhaps over the holidays once you’ve had a chance to consider the gift I left at Gringotts for you. Never fear the lack of news in the papers—that’s actually a good thing until the day of the gathering when the whole world will need to be aware what the Bonbon has done—I have something special in mind, considering your feelings on the matter. The more people involved in the discussion now, the less useful my tagging will be and the slower it will go. If we would like to have progress made by summer then once again, secrecy is our friend.

Best holiday wishes,

Fields

000

One good thing about working with Mr. Greengrass, was that Harry actually trusted the man to do what he promised he would, come hell or high water. He might be the only adult currently in his life right now that Harry actually believed to be both competent, and honest about his actions.

He was being well compensated after all.

Which was probably the beauty of working with full-blooded Slytherins he supposed, the beauty of trading rather than just… trusting someone at their word. You had to worry about motives and truthfulness if someone just promised you things, but if you were literally paying someone for a service then there was a more concrete assurance they would actually follow through. In most businesses even that wasn’t ironclad, but in the Slytherin business… with the reputation the big grey families like the Zabini and Greengrass names had, Harry finally had faith someone was doing something and that they were actually going to keep their word about it.

It would probably cost him an arm and a leg when the debt finally came due, but for now… he was relieved he had someone in his corner who was just doing things on his own in order to achieve one of Harry’s own goals, and Harry himself could actually just go to class like normal without worrying about it.

The letter was very insightful even if Harry had already suspected that some of that would happen when he first decided that Sirius Black needed a trial. They avoided saying the word ‘trial’ in the letters as that was a red flag for any eavesdroppers for sure, and Harry was amused by the other code names they’d come up with. He had no idea who the White parties were, but since Mr. Greengrass was the one dealing with them on his own, and Harry trusted him to be as confidential about it as possible, it didn’t truly matter though he was certainly curious. He himself had come up with the Dog Star on a play off his godfather’s name, and the Moon was self-explanatory as the only werewolf in the situation.

He thought himself pretty clever for thinking up Sylvester though; he picked it on a whim, but he rather liked it. If he were referencing Sirius Black by a play off his name, with an animal theme of a dog no less, it made sense to try and be an animal himself. He had never even considered what his spirit animal would be if he had one, but his favorite professor was a cat and you know… cats and dogs, they kind of went together….

And if a pureblood (mainly a Slytherin) managed to get their hands on these papers and somehow knew enough about old-fashioned muggle cartoons to know who the hell Sylvester James Pussycat Sr. was, they frankly deserved to eavesdrop on these conversations. He was less concerned over the muggleborns figuring it out as they were, generally, more likely to be on board with getting an untried man sitting in prison his day in court.

‘Bonbon’ was also easy as Harry already knew the confectionary-named Minister of Magic would hate the idea of a trial for an innocent man he’d sent to Azkaban: from the start he’d fully expected that man to be his number one enemy in getting the trial to see the light of day. ‘Lemon’ was much harder, as while context clues told Harry that Mr. Greengrass was probably talking about Dumbledore, he had no clue why the Headmaster got pegged with that codename.

Maybe because I pressed my lips unpleasantly like I’m eating something sour every time the old bastard is brought up. Ha…

Dumbledore getting wind of this was not a good sign, but the only saving grace is that he hadn’t connected that Harry himself was involved in it. He’d explained his priorities to Mr. Greengrass and had been very clear that he wanted out of Dumbledore’s thumb if possible, which was one of the driving forces (that he would admit) for getting his godfather back instead of being put with muggles on the Headmaster’s orders. Harry having any autonomy or power in Dumbledore’s eyes was probably going to be seen as a threat to whatever his own plans were, plans that involved Harry being a pawn and little else given how hard he’d been trying to cast him in an ‘idiot Gryffindor hero’ type role. Therefore, hopefully Mr. Greengrass would take the hint that the Headmaster could not know that Harry was the one who initiated this.

There were tons of reasons the Greengrass family could be trying to get Sirius Black out of prison, the most obvious and technically true reason being they were being paid to do it on behalf of someone else. Given Harry hadn’t really shown his true colors to Dumbledore yet, and the man still thought him a hapless Gryffindor clone of his father, there was no reason for him to assume Harry was the one paying him to do it so long as Mr. Greengrass kept his employer quiet. There could be a hundred other interested parties… like say the Malfoys even, given Narcissa was his cousin and had openly admitted she’d had half a thought to try and free him herself over the past decade. It hadn’t been convenient enough for her, but paying the Greengrass family to take care of it would certainly be easy, as the Malfoys definitely had the money to splurge on it. Dumbledore probably knew before they set foot into Hogwarts that he was friends with Draco, and would obviously know about the Malfoys going grey… it was only too logical to make the assumption that the recklessly rich pureblood elites were tossing some money at the Greengrass family on a whim to butter up their son’s best friend, entirely without Harry’s input.

Maybe there were death eaters who thought Sirius Black one of them and wanted to see if it was true or not. Maybe Sirius himself, as an ex-heir to a really wealthy line had managed to get a message out to the Greengrass family himself. There were a lot of more plausible reasons that the Headmaster could jump to and then waste time investigating, before it’d ever cross his mind that a twelve-year-old Potter from one of the lightest bloodlines had made a name-debt to a very prominent Slytherin family in exchange for their help.

That is, so long as Mr. Greengrass kept it quiet and Harry acted like he knew nothing for the time being.

Which, on that topic, the comment about paintings really got him paranoid as why would it need to be specifically called out that Dumbledore liked paintings? Particularly right after talking about how connected the old man was… and the fact that Hogwarts had thousands of talking paintings that could move frame-to-frame literally lining the Hogwarts hallways made him very, very nervous. Was Mr. Greengrass really implying that the paintings were spies? Were all of them spies!?

Harry desperately tried to think if he ever had a conversation he didn’t want Dumbledore to know about in a Hogwarts hallway. The twins’ and the map happened outside in Hagrid’s pumpkin patch, his confessions with Neville always happened in the dorm or common room where the only paintings were of lions that just roared thankfully… at least he hoped they didn’t talk. Or that there wasn’t a parselmouth equivalent that could speak to lions walking around.

The Slytherin common room had natural landscapes and the dungeon hallways were actually just blank walls now that he thought about it… and suddenly Harry wondered if that wasn’t very much on purpose given how important secrecy and private conversations were to the snake house. It was another point of proof that maybe paintings being the Headmaster’s ears was maybe true, and… oh god.

Ugh, that was going to make him even more paranoid than he already was, he was sure.

On the bright side, he was at least comforted by the measures Mr. Greengrass seemed to be working on. Daphne had mentioned that ‘tagging’ just meant ‘bribing’ people in a more polite way, and while it kind of shocked him that Fudge himself as Minister of Magic was bribing people, in hindsight he didn’t know why he hadn’t already assumed that was the case of every politician in this nepotistic world. Probably because he was still a Gryffindor at heart who was raised by muggles where, in the muggle world, if a politician was that blatant about their corruption they’d typically get more shit than ‘yeah he does that sometimes’. Not all politicians were punished in either world for their misdeeds, but muggle politicians at least gave an honest go of belying an honest front so people didn’t get too pissed. How blatant this bribery seemed to be was… alarming.

If ‘other chocolates’ meant other politicians, then there seemed to be a very complicated web of bribery going on, and because he was clearly MVP of Harry’s life right now, Mr. Greengrass was dropping some money in bribes as well to get in on it and combat Fudge’s meddling until the asshole ran out of money to cover his mistakes with. Harry knew he didn’t have the mental fortitude or energy right now to get into which politicians were bribing who and what or why, so it was a huge relief that someone else was just taking care of it for him.

It also showed how very important a name-debt actually was, given this was probably no small amount of money, effort, and risk being spent on this request of his. The risk it posed alone was telling, particularly for a notoriously neutral grey family (who somehow stayed out of the last war and to whom not even Voldemort would touch) actually going head-to-head with the Ministry for once was huge.

Harry wanted to be worried about what he’d end up needing to do to repay all this someday but… honestly he was at capacity so he’d deal with that later.

Hopefully decades from now when he was an adult with something the Greengrass family would bother wanting from him. If he became Minister of Magic someday since that was already the plan, hopefully it’d be a matter of maybe changing some laws they found inconvenient—that wouldn’t be the end of the world, he supposed.

But let’s not think about that right now or I’ll explode.

More pertinently for his immediate future versus his far-off future: Christmas with Remus.

If he was interpreting the letter correctly, Mr. Greengrass wanted him to get to know Remus as soon as he was able to, for some reason. Not that Harry was going to argue that as he very much wanted to get to know the man too, but he’d still been waffling over staying at Hogwarts for break or actually convincing his unrecognized godfather to let him visit. He’d dropped hints in his letters but Remus had very purposefully not responded to any of them, and given his situation and how they wanted to keep their contact secret, Harry had felt bad imposing on him when he clearly had a lot of baggage about it.

Given that he struggled to maintain a job, Harry suspected he had very little to his name. He also knew he had the pride of a Gryffindor and was humiliated to need to admit that, or ask for help or anything. Harry didn’t even know if he had a house that he could even visit, which is why he’d hesitated in pushing too far and putting the man in that awkward, frankly mortifying situation of needing to confess that. That he was a grown man being forced to confess that to a twelve-year-old probably made it a lot worse, and Harry knew he’d never be able to convince Remus of how much he did not care about shit like that.

The werewolf was also very intensely self-depreciating and far too nice (read: skittish) about ‘forcing’ his presence on others who may not want a ‘dark creature’ around. The effect was multiplied tenfold when it came to anything about Harry, now that he’d done the unforgivable thing of telling the truth that he needed their relationship to be quiet for the sake of his future and his Slytherin friends.

On one hand Harry was happy Remus was so totally in support of whatever antics he was up to right now… on the other hand he felt like a piece of shit because he suspected Remus was already completely prepared to hide their connection for his sake from the beginning, and asking him to actually go through with it felt filthy and wrong. Even if it was for very practical reasons. Practicality did not mean he in any way felt good about what he was doing.

All of that meant Harry didn’t want to just… demand to visit him, when he was already inconveniencing the man quite a bit. He sure as hell wanted to obviously, but he’d been very conflicted about actually doing that to Remus on top of everything else. Not to mention the logistic nightmare it’d be, given Dumbledore would probably not remain out of it if he suspected Harry had any other options but the muggle relatives he’d chosen to place him with. He wanted Dumbledore nowhere near Remus and so if he did visit the werewolf he needed to be sure the Headmaster never knew about it. Not until Sirius was free and situated as Harry’s new legal guardian to prevent the old man from interfering with what he did with his summers, at least.

He hadn’t been confident he could actually do all that though, which is yet another reason he hadn’t pushed harder.

Now… if Mr. Greengrass wanted it, he couldn’t exactly argue given it was probably connected to getting Sirius his day in court, even if Harry had no idea how. It was literally the least he could do, to go along with the man’s plan that he was giving so much effort to on his behalf… and if he was going to be making sure who Harry was really visiting remained secret, Harry actually had faith he could make this visit without Dumbledore knowing!

He wouldn’t have been able to make that opportunity for himself, but if Mr. Greengrass was asking him to do this and clearing the way for him, his other hesitations seemed far less important. Even if the worst scenario came true and Remus didn’t have someplace to go, Harry still owned that apartment in Contrair Alley until the end of the year and they could have their holiday there. But Harry wasn’t going to take Remus’ nerves or self-depreciation as an excuse anymore.

Mind resolved, he immediately began mentally drafting the letter he was going to write to his godfather, entirely sure he could convince the man to cave and spend Christmas with him. Kind as he was, Remus was also sort of a doormat and Harry knew he himself had a far more forceful personality if he turned his worse habits all the way up to eleven: he could totally do it.

He was only part way through when he froze, realizing…

Wait… this is a real Christmas? I get to have a real Christmas with someone?

Last year had been the best Christmas in his entire life by a lot and he didn’t even have Neville or Draco beside him. He’d been so caught up in the ‘legal guardian’ thing that he kind of skimmed over the idea that, if he weren’t at Hogwarts or at the Dursleys, he’d be…

Well he hadn’t ever had a conversation with Sirius Black, much less met him to know what to expect with that. Same went for Remus technically, as he hadn’t yet laid eyes on the man but at this point he felt like he knew the guy from their many letters. Enough to be able to manipulate him into saying yes to things at least, which was very tellingly one of Harry’s metrics for how well he knew someone or not.

And since he knew Remus, to a point, that meant he could almost picture actually… having a Christmas… somewhere.

With someone. Who he’d wake up on Christmas morning with and actually want to wish them a good holiday. Who’d open presents with him and have Christmas breakfast and do… holiday things.

Oh my god what do you do on holidays? I mean I know what you’re supposed to do but what are we going to do?

He was… kind of thrilled all of a sudden. This was happening, it wasn’t just a possibility or something he was plotting: with Mr. Greengrass’ help this was the plan, and when school let out and everyone went home on the carriages, he’d be right there with them!

He couldn’t tell anyone he was going anywhere except whatever excuse Daphne was going to provide to him, but he could at least be comforted by the knowledge he was going home to family like everyone else was.

He felt both light as a feather and terrified—not in a bad way this time. Kind of like when his broom almost bucked him off at a couple hundred feet in the air: scary but also like someone was winding up a key on his back so he could go buzzing around the room in senseless happiness.

He just… got up from his desk and paced around the dorm room like he wanted to start packing but also had no idea what he should pack right now, anxious but in a great way and unsure where he should put his hands.

If he recognized Neville was looking in amusement at him from where he’d been reading on his bed, he didn’t show it.

000

“It seems you’ve kept true to your word in not rushing ahead.” McGonagall nearly praised him in that strict way of hers as he completed what felt like his hundredth spellwork drill before her narrowed eyes.

Just like last time, every single spell he’d performed had glowed the telltale blue of a correctly performed spell… although he hadn’t informed her about the joke book spells he now knew too. He knew those were at least fourth year spells that she wouldn’t be too happy to hear he’d been doing on his own, but in Harry’s head if he could do them even with one remaining block on his magical core, then how hard could they really be?

He would let her know he knew them another time, and just leave out the part about when he learned them. For now he just beamed up at her widely and gave his best puppy dog eyes.

“I promised I would! Did you really doubt me that much? When have I ever broken a promise when it came to my health?” He demanded, only half-jokingly. It really didn’t make much sense, how she never seemed to trust him despite him having over a year of dedicated work under her, never once breaking her rules… even if he really, really wanted to sometimes. At the very least she didn’t know about any rules he may or may not have broken for her to always be leaning towards narrowing her eyes at him instead of just trusting him.

He had heard the warnings about his magical core loud and clear and had no desire to go pop one day so he’d really taken them to heart! More so than anything else about his health, in fact, yet she still acted like he was only telling her ‘yes’ to appease her while doing whatever he pleased.

She pressed her lips together, also seeming to recognize that valid point.

“I suppose you haven’t. You have unfortunate luck, but I can agree it has never been your fault.” She allowed a tad gentler than she normally was, and he straightened up slightly in triumph. “Perhaps it is also that unfortunate luck that your father was one of the worst troublemakers I ever had the honor of teaching… old habits die hard I’m afraid and if I were not on my toes at all times with him then Gryffindor house would likely not be standing today.”

Harry… was taken aback slightly, but had to smile despite it being a lot less wide than it’d been a minute ago.

McGonagall hadn’t really ever talked about his parents before, aside from mentioning his father’s prankster habits and his mother’s intelligence in very passing ways. Part of him liked that, as she treated him as his own person from the start, not just a remnant piece of two long-dead people like a lot of other adults did—Harry had even caught Hagrid doing it although you couldn’t get angry at Hagrid. He was Hagrid.

This time though, he didn’t hate it as much. The reminder that she knew his parents way better than he did, didn’t sting quite as much as it did last year.

I wonder why.

He pressed his lips, wondering if he would hate to ask more about them. Normally conversations about back then… did not make him happier. At least not as happy as he always hoped learning about his parents would. There was still too much… baggage, he supposed, for it ever to feel quite as light as talking about quidditch or his friend or Transfiguration.

Still. He hadn’t had as many opportunities to hang out in McGonagall’s office this year as he had last, since he seemed busier than ever, particularly now that he was allowed into the Slytherin common room his politics had been getting stronger. His connections with the rest of the school were only ever increasing so there was always someone to bother, not just his favorite professor. Besides, he’d come insanely far in Transfiguration so he didn’t need to be in here every day asking questions about how things worked anymore: now he had a base understanding of his own and only visited when he wanted to spit ball new ideas or argue with her about some new piece of information he’d found on his own (he’d also started reading that dark Transfiguration book as his new frontier of discovery and that was never going to be something he let her know he was looking into) so with less to talk about, there were overall less visits.

He didn’t talk to her as often as… as maybe he’d like to even, so the opportunities to actually talk about something like this were much rarer. He still wasn’t sure if he was ready but… he was still curious and today was a good day, so he gave it a shot.

“Was he really that bad? Like, Weasley-twins level bad or…?” He lead her. She sighed, not… unwillingly exactly, more like she had a lot of memories assault her at once and they all had a slightly bittersweet tinge to them.

“I would venture to say Mr and Mr. Weasley are worthy successors, but your father was a in league of his own. He had more help, I should say.” She offered, but he saw her eyes flicker to the side.

Indecision.

Harry realized she knew damn well about Sirius Black, Remus Lupin, and Peter Pettigrew. She both had known them as students, as well as knew the story that everyone believed how those four had ended up, at least.

And he knew about the map so… yeah, Fred and George were a team of two pranksters, but as a team of four Harry was sure that the ‘Marauders’ as the map called them were in a league of their own.

He got that she still saw him as a twelve-year-old, despite being willing to talk Transfiguration with him like he was an adult, a peer even, but her strict concern about his health and part of the reason she’d been so easily manipulated into defending his paper for him last year, was that she also saw him as a child. He understood why, even now, she was not bringing up Peter Pettigrew or Sirius Black to him. It was a brutal story to hear for a child… as if learning that Voldemort had killed his parents and genuinely tried to kill him was any better, though he also get that he needed to know about that since everyone else around him did.

Only people like Daphne knew about the horrible crimes Sirius Black supposedly committed, because her family was connected to information like that, but while everyone attending Hogwarts as a student knew about him being the Boy-Who-Lived, very few would know about Sirius Black without someone filling them in. While he still thought someone should’ve told him about what the man supposedly did in the same conversation they were informing him about Voldemort, he also realized those were two different urgency-levels of information that an adult looking at a child might feel the need to edit.

Also, Hagrid had been the one to tell him, and again, you couldn’t get mad at Hagrid.

He could totally get mad at Dumbledore for sending Hagrid of all the people to be his magical-world tour guide as, despite how much he loved the gentle giant, Hagrid was not a trusted resource for a lot of things. He was also technically, legally not allowed to use magic so… what the fuck.

No, I already know Dumbledore had a long game and manipulating Hagrid was part of it.

He brushed that off as old news—he’d already been angry about it but at this point there was nothing to be done.

His opinion on it aside, he understood at least why McGonagall and all the other adults he’d crossed paths with who had once known his parents hadn’t told him about Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew.

What Harry didn’t know was why she wasn’t saying anything about Remus right now.

She didn’t know that he already knew about all these people, so he couldn’t exactly just ask outright or anything. There was also the fact that he hadn’t told anyone except Neville about Remus just yet, and it kind of had to stay that way for the foreseeable future. As much as he liked her, McGonagall was still way too close to Dumbledore and it only took one ‘oh it’s nice to see Harry connecting with his father’s old friends’ in a passing conversation for not only his own plans, but potentially whatever plans Mr. Greengrass was working on to be completely ruined by that old Lemon’s interfering.

He couldn’t risk it.

“Did he have a lot of friends?” He faked his best innocent look, before dropping it onto a frown. “Was he one of the Gryffindors who hated other houses? Something Hagrid said made me think that.”

“He did have a lot of friends,” She admitted, wincing a bit. Good, he didn’t want her elaborating on James Potter’s friends, because if she did decide to tell him about them, Dumbledore would know he knew which would still cause problems. Mostly for Remus, probably, as basically the only remaining ex-friend still alive and walking free right now. “I don’t think he ‘hated other houses’ precisely, but I do know he got into many spats with the Slytherins during his stay here, if that’s what you’re getting at.”

Harry made a show of pouting deeply at that, so she would in no way miss how unhappy he was with his father over that behavior. She seemed slightly uncomfortable, which is exactly what he wanted.

“You are certainly unique Harry, in having so many friends within all four houses. It was a different time back then when the two houses’ rivalry was at its worst.” She defended her old student rather halfheartedly. “The fact the war was still going strong I’m sure did no one any favors.”

That… was a slightly good point. He couldn’t claim to understand what living in a time of war was actually like, as despite him being an orphan being the price for it, he was blessed with only having lived during a time of peace. Again, opinions aside he could at least understand there not being a ton of Gryffindor-Slytherin friendships, if at all, given the harshness of what Voldemort was capable of and the world he may have created.

He pouted further. “Was my mom like that too?”

McGonagall actually smiled this time, losing her discomfort some. “Not at all; she wasn’t nearly as invested in the rivalry, and from what I saw made some good attempts at being a diplomat between the two when she got a chance. I believe she had some early friendships with a Slytherin or two as well, although… it did not last from what I saw.”

Harry blinked.

Mom …

Something… warm, filled his heart. He wasn’t weird at all for befriending a Slytherin… he just took after his mom?

For some reason it made him… indescribably happy, but unspeakably sad at the same time.

The worst part was, he knew exactly how it had fallen apart. If it’d been anyone but him and Draco, he wasn’t sure they would’ve made it half as far as they had, after all. The fact he was a Transfiguration prodigy and also a Gryffindor that probably should’ve been in Slytherin was the only reason the snake house accepted him now… but in the middle of a war? For Lily Potter the muggleborn?

She was up against far too much without the luck and fame and bloodline her son now possessed to ever survive those odds and remain friends with another younger-year Slytherin who was probably just as powerless as Draco was right now. Except Draco was also heir to the richest family in Britain and had the complete support and love of his parents… which was not something pretty much any other Slytherin had.

He could tell by how Blaise spoke about his mother—in a tone beyond reverence, and closer to terrified obedience sometimes.

He could tell by how closed off Theo was, and mere rumors Harry had heard about the boy’s death eater father. How even under the promise of educating him on Slytherin politics, Daphne had delicately danced around the implication of how Lady Nott had died.

Hell, he could tell by how Daphne spoke about her father like a business partner, like he was a tool for her own use—just as she probably was to him. Maybe she didn’t fear him but it certainly wasn’t the father/daughter duo he would hear about if he asked Hannah about her dad, for sure.

No… Draco very noticeably had parents who loved him dearly.

And if family situations were the only thing that mattered, then Draco should’ve been in Gryffindor and Harry should’ve been in Slytherin.

So no, Draco was a special Slytherin as he was a good snake who also had support and wasn’t fighting the world alone like everyone else around him was. Yes he’d chosen wrong by being friends with a Gryffindor, but he had every other advantage possible to survive the backlash that would bring upon him.

Lily Potter’s Slytherin friend… likely had none of that.

Maybe they’d been like Theo or Daphne. Maybe their parents would’ve beat them senseless for daring speak to a Gryffindor all the while Slytherin house shunned them entirely (maybe they would lock them in a shed to rot). Maybe their parents would just cut them out of family deals and training as they’d proven they couldn’t make good judgements (maybe they would call them a freak). Maybe they were a half-blood or, god forbid, a muggleborn with no protection and were hexed and harassed by their own housemates, their own dorm mates while they tried to sleep safely in their own bed until they couldn’t take it anymore (maybe they were an orphan with no one to help).

Maybe they also tried… until surviving the snake house became far more important than being friends with Lily Potter—a muggleborn no one.

Yeah… Harry saw exactly how it had ended.

But, his mother had tried.

Just like he was trying now.

Just like Draco was trying, no matter how he struggled sometimes.

It simultaneously broke his heart but also filled it with warm, expansive air that seemed to chase the chill from his fingertips. He didn’t like thinking about how close him and Draco had actually come to not being able to beat the odds, but he was thankful that, despite what it felt like sometimes, they were the lucky ones in this situation. It still felt like there was a whole ass mountain in front of them that they needed to move, but they actually had the tools and the help to do it—which clearly, was not something everyone had gotten.

He'd only ever considered himself lucky in a darkly morbid kind of way. Lucky that Voldemort hadn’t killed him, though he still lost his parents. Lucky the troll hadn’t crushed him, it just broke half his bones instead. Lucky Quirrell hadn’t murdered him, he was just tortured and scarred for life as the price paid.

Lucky he’d gotten out of that shed. Lucky that he had the atmosphere bulbs and extra food and water prepared so that he didn’t starve or die of heat stroke in the mid-June heat… so that he could live in complete darkness for months and then live with that aftermath.

Yeah… when he considered how lucky he was, it was never in a good way.

Now though, finally… he considered himself lucky in a way that he’d gotten blessed with everything he needed to keep Draco.

Going into Hogwarts first year not knowing anything, he’d gone in with brash confidence that he’d make it work and Draco would tag along or they just weren’t meant to be friends… with over a year of experience with the snakes though, he now knew how insurmountable a challenge he’d inadvertently set Draco up for, but somehow the two of them were still able to do it.

That was nothing but pure, dumb luck… and for once, it was entirely in his favor.

It lifted his spirit a lot.

“Do you know who her friend was?” He had to ask, he had to know if they were still out there…

Her expression shut off some, but gave him a rather wry look. “Unfortunately, I’m sure they would not appreciate me sharing that with you.”

The decline was polite but firm. So… they were still alive, for one, and the relationship was probably very much over given whatever had happened between them. Harry was pretty sure he could guess how ugly it had been too, so he couldn’t even fault the person, whoever they were, for wanting nothing to do with Lily Potter’s son now.

They were also someone McGonagall cared about not upsetting, so she was going to keep their secret, which was interesting. Not that it narrowed it down, as she could know tons of people he didn’t from how long she’d been teaching here, but they weren’t completely gone from her life either if she still cared that way.

“I guess that makes sense,” He sighed in defeat, and she tilted her head at him, curious.

“Does it?”

“I mean yeah. Being friends with Draco was hard enough, because Slytherin is really into the politics of things like I told you.” He shrugged.

“You did mention something like that…”

“You’re probably right it was even worse during a war so like, I get it. There’s a million reasons Draco and I were lucky enough to be friends openly but it’s not something a lot of people would get to do, especially not before.”

“I didn’t realize it was so serious.” McGonagall frowned, genuinely seeming to mull it over. “I admit I’ve never fully understood how Slytherin operated, although through our talks I’m realizing it’s much deeper than I assumed.”

Which, said a lot given how long she’d been working here… decades, easily, and the snake house was still a mystery to her? At some point it was because she’d chosen not to look or try to understand, which wasn’t a good thought for him to think about his favorite teacher but… she was a Gryffindor.

Choosing or just not believing that there were those different from you was one of the lion’s house absolute worst bad habits.

But it was also further proof that Harry was definitely her favorite, because now she was starting to question and be curious about the snake house, only because of their conversations together? Nothing in the past several decades or even her own time at Hogwarts had ever caught her interest or curiosity before?

No, it didn’t matter… he was already biased to like her so he was just going to ignore that previous bias of her own, and jump at the chance to catch her up to speed if she was willing to listen to him now.

“It really is! I mean there are a lot of children of death eaters in Slytherin so the fact I’m Harry Potter should mean they hate me for life, but then you have Draco, whose got everything and is able to balance it out sort of. Like they care about status and information a lot and Draco got tons of training from his parents to know stuff in advance, he’s pureblood and has money and reputation and he’s Professor Snape’s godson so no one can bully him for being friends with me. I’ve also learned how to be polite and with being good at Transfiguration I can trade my notes for information from them which they like, so they’re chill with me now and don’t bother us as much as last year.” He explained, kind of in a rush.

He wasn’t about to go very deeply into things as the deeper you got, the more he knew the Gryffindor she was would start to turn her nose up at some things, but as a brief introduction that was good enough. Particularly since she seemed very alarmed by all that already.

“How… interesting.” She cleared her throat, obviously not sure how to take all that. “To be honest I didn’t know Mr. Malfoy was Professor Snape’s godson.”

She didn’t? Oops—was that supposed to be a secret?

Oh shit Snape is going to kill me—

“I don’t think Professor Snape likes me that much, but I am thankful for him protecting Draco at least. Draco is my best friend and I’d really hate if Slytherin rejected him just for being my friend but Professor Snape has done a lot to protect my friend so I can’t be mad at him.” He switched on a dime and babbled a bit hastily to cover that slip, not entirely lying but laying on his ‘appreciation’ of Snape a lot thicker than he actually felt it.

He recognized he sounded rather childish, but he was twelve, and he wanted her to focus on the Gryffindor ‘because he’s my friend’ bullshit excuse they always bought in hopes she’d forgive Snape’s apparent nepotism. Like the dungeon bat wasn’t already blatantly biased, but Harry very much did not want the news that he was the one who let slip Snape and Draco’s relation get back to the potions professor because he would never pass his potions OWL then. At the very least if McGonagall recognized it as a good thing for her favorite student, it wouldn’t be an issue maybe…

It seemed to work to a point as her eyes softened—as much as they ever did at least.

He wasn’t quite sure why she seemed… sad about it though?

“You’re actually thankful for him?”

What a weird question, he frowned internally, but instead plastered a smile on his lips for her benefit.

“He’s still a mean guy kind of but yeah, I am. I at least get how much the Slytherins love him and why. He hates me for sure but he loves Draco and since I love Draco too that’s kind of all that matters.”

Yeah, he was laying it on thick, but it was true enough. It was exactly what the Gryffindor head of house would want to hear, too, as evidence by her entire posture seeming to melt some.

She smiled at him, still in that sad kind of way. “That’s very kind of you to say, Harry.”

Is it? She must be closer friends with Snape than I thought—gotta watch out for that. Guess complaining about him to her isn’t a good idea.

He hid any inner grievance he might’ve had with the dungeon bat and smiled widely at her, like he didn’t have a care in the world.

“He’s still mean though!” He joked and she gave an amused sort of sigh.

“I know he’s a difficult kind of professor, but-”

“Actually, he’d not half as bad as Hooch, to be honest. At least Professor Snape actually knows something about his subject matter, although he could be more subtle about some things.”

He blurted it out on instinct to get away from needing to lie about how much he “loved” the bat who was trying to fail him and his fellow lions, but then he remembered:

Oh yeah, I fucking hate Hooch. Let’s stop talking about Snape and let’s talk about that bitch. That’s way more interesting…

He kind of felt like Blaise in how vindictively riled he suddenly was now that he had a new, safe target to set his ire on, but he kept the maniac grin off his lips.

McGonagall, for her part, looked startled by the sudden tone shift.

“Madam Hooch is a retired quidditch player, you know.” She began, quidditch nerd peeking through for a moment before she shook it off hastily. “If we can get off subject for a moment, can I ask why you feel that way?”

Oh where to start.

“In your first letter to me, you told me brooms were dangerous and that’s why first years couldn’t have them. Then I get to Hogwarts and the first flying lesson we have, Hooch tells us to get on a broom and just do it. I’m the weird one who has some skill, and most purebloods knew what they were doing, but the fifteen or so muggleborns in that class were essentially purposefully being put at risk for no good reason at all, and to make matters worse, Neville paid a price for it. And he’s my friend so I took it a little harder than I would’ve if it’d been someone else.” He ranted immediately, letting the vitriol he hadn’t realized he’d been saving for that woman since that flight lesson over a year ago resurface and spill out into his tone.

It felt good to just be… righteously angry again. For no other reason than that he was sure he was right and that person deserved to be at the other end of a dressing down. He felt more like his old self suddenly and ball got rolling.

“Hogwarts has some phenomenally bad teachers, but Hooch takes the cake because in my first two weeks here the only student who got hurt was under her care, and she had the audacity to blame Neville for her own incompetence. Neville struggles with a lot of stuff, but that one was her being a horrid teacher— not his fault despite the fact her words mean he now blames himself anyway and refuses to even get near a broom ever again. And his mother has just as many trophies in the award room as my father does—it’s grossly unfair that I can enjoy something that connects me to my parents while Neville can’t just because Hooch sucks!”

McGonagall seemed visibly flabbergasted, and if Harry weren’t fuming right now thinking about strangling Hooch, he might’ve laughed at her uncharacteristic expression.

“You’ve never said anything,” She got out, alarmed.

“Well she is an adult and also the referee for quidditch matches. If I sassed her, our games would be forfeit because I can only assume someone so incompetent as her would let bias like that sway the points she calls.”

“I can assure you she would never.” The teacher seemed visibly taken aback and indignant he’d even suggest such a thing. She was insanely into quidditch as well obviously, so Harry had a feeling she was on good terms with Hooch… unfortunately unlike Snape, he wasn’t about to go easy on the woman who’d let Neville introduction to Hogwarts go so fucking terrible he still wouldn’t go near a broom no matter how much Harry and the other guys begged him.

She hurt Neville.

No one… and I mean no one gets to do that.

Maybe he would’ve forgiven her over time if Neville hadn’t become literally the only thing keeping him sane right now… but at this point he was so far beyond people who looked down on his sweet, wall flower friend.

He didn’t want to actually form the thought that he’d love to kill her, but he was dangerously close. He knew it was just his temper talking but even then, he was finding it very hard not to slip his wand into his fist and squeeze in hopes his anger would miraculously find her and make her pay.

He shook it off, anger focusing into his words. Logically he knew he couldn’t attack her but he could twist her image into something awful, and he was going to use every Slytherin tactic he knew to do it.

He put his nose in the air and sniffed, unsatisfied.

“And here I have no proof of that. Clearly she attempted to kill every single muggleborn in my year, so she’s probably one of those…people who say nasty things like mudblood and such.” His tone implying people would’ve been replaced with a far cruder word has he not been talking to a teacher, and she clearly got the message by the way her face paled some. “Frankly I don’t want anything to do with those nasty sorts. Not even the worst of the Slytherins I hang out with say it because they’re at least smart enough to know better to do so in front of me, even if they think it. I can only imagine someone so bad at their job would both think it, and be foolish enough to actually say it out loud. Much less do it openly in front of all four houses!” He cried for dramatic flair.

“Harry! I assure you she’s nothing like that, she just…” But she had to trail off because Harry put his hands on his hips and gave her a very pointed look.

What did she just…? Just what?

He clicked his tongue in the best impersonation of her he could get. “What excuse could she possibly have for handing a bunch of muggleborns dangerous brooms and saying ‘have at it’? How is that different from me getting a broom on my own, which is clearly against the rules? Okay so maybe she wasn’t actively plotting to kill them, then at the very least she doesn’t give a snitch about them or their safety. She expected a bunch of eleven-year-olds who didn’t know humans could fly a month prior a dangerous vehicle with no training and just… let them fly off? You like quidditch and Madam Pomfrey said you were a chaser back in the day! Would you give a first year a broom their second week here with no instruction? It’s that easy that anyone can do it, huh?”

It's “so easy” in fact, that when I could fly immediately it meant I was a prodigy that had to be on the quidditch team a year early.

Not everyone was a supposed prodigy, therefore… flying wasn’t easy. And as an ex-player, McGonagall damn well knew that.

Also, frankly, it was dangerous. He loved it, but his love of it didn’t blind him to the fact that it was hard work, and he’d very purposefully watched Colin and the other first years like a hawk when he taught them to fly so they didn’t go wild or fly off—Hooch hadn’t done anything like that. She didn’t even have a broom near her to go catching students if something went wrong, she just stood on the ground like a dumbass and scolded Neville when he struggled to land again.

Instead of nearly any useful instruction, she’d taught them to lift their brooms with an ‘up’ command… which is something Harry had literally never once done since that lesson and he flew all the time. It was in no way easier than just picking it up like a normal human being…

Honestly wizards—they overcomplicate a lot of shit.

McGonagall didn’t seem comfortable, but he could see her brain churning behind her unapproving eyes.

“I understand where you are coming from… I admit one of the first exchanges we ever had I warned you about the dangers of brooms and you seem to have taken it to heart. I still don’t believe Rolanda meant harm… but I do see you point that harm was done, due to negligence.”

He huffed, crossing his arms over his chest and puffing his cheeks out like a child.

“She wasn’t even on a broom to teach us. I had to go catch Neville or he would’ve broken his neck! All she did was scold him! We could’ve had Professor Binns as our flight instructor and it would’ve gone better, because at least he wouldn’t even notice one of us dying to be able to scold us about it.”

She sighed audibly, very weary. “Harry…”

“It was more than negligence—all she did was hand us our brooms! I could’ve bought a broom before I got to Hogwarts and done the same thing!”

“Which is blatantly against school rules, as I warned you.” She reminded him in a warning tone, but he just puffed up more.

“But the only difference between that class and us doing it unsupervised is that we were together! I still had to be the one to catch one of my classmates, and I’m apparently a natural at it. What would’ve happened if I fell? Since I was the one doing the catching of others, and she didn’t even leave the ground to try to help, that means if I didn’t happen to be good at flying I would’ve died two weeks into my Hogwarts stay?” He complained—before jolting as it the truth actually hit him like a brick wall. “I mean, besides the other two times I actually nearly died that year.”

McGonagall… looked openly dismayed and stood sharply, coming around the desk to put firm hands on his shoulders. He wasn’t sure what expression he was wearing, but he kind of didn’t want to know going by her reaction.

He kind of liked the firm grip holding him in place too… it was kind of reassuring that he wasn’t about to float off into space, as if there were a threat of him doing just that. She wasn’t a touchy person, even if she weren’t his teacher… so the sudden closure of the distance was comforting.

“Harry… I hear you. I understand now that what happened wasn’t acceptable and I’ll look into it.” She promised, no longer pushing back and he decided to just shut up and nod mutely. “That being said…”

She trailed off some, and he could tell she wanted to ask.

But he didn’t want to answer so he just turned his head to the side and pouted a bit.

“Not that it matters… I taught Colin and Ginny and them how to fly this year because I didn’t trust her not to kill them… not that it did anything to protect Colin.”

The hands on his shoulders tightened slightly.

“…about that.” She squeezed once more before stepping back and leaning over her desk briefly, pulling up a sheet of paper that had been resting there. “While I can’t share many details on the investigation happening, there was an idea brought forth to train the students in case of another incident. I thought you might appreciate the practical approach.”

She handed him the paper and he blinked when he took the meaning in. Technically, it was a flyer, clearly meant to be posted somewhere public to Gryffindor.

“A dueling club?” He tilted his head, considering that. “So… other students are still going to be the ones doing the catching.”

She looked visibly pained, but still put a hand on his shoulder in a weak attempt at comfort.

“I will do everything in my power… but the truth is we still know so little. Having students be able to defend themselves from threats is never a bad thing, even if this entity that harmed Mr. Creevy is caught.”

He stared at the paper, but...

It was exactly what he thought about, almost constantly these days as he learned magic. Every new spell he learned, he also learned to do it while running or from his sleeve or at someone behind him… he was training as hard as he could to be able to use what magic he had to defend himself if he needed to, he was already doing that…

But…

But…

“…what spell could this club teach me that would protect me from a troll? Or a teacher?” He mumbled quietly, almost kind of ashamed he’d actually admitted that concern to her… but she was also the one he went to most when he had questions about magic.

Transfiguration would be his ticket to power, because at this point he had an ‘acceptable’ in charms and defense so… she and her subject would be everything he had to go on for now.

He didn’t know how dueling other students was actually going to change anything though. Students… were not the problem here, and he wished people would stop pretending he had nothing more than homework to worry about when he’d come withing inches of death FIVE times in the past calendar year alone—and none of them were homework or classmate related.

A troll, that he had no idea had been let loose in the school.

A unicorn killer in a forest, while on a detention McGonagall herself had given him.

A cursed broom that he’d been willing to just ignore but probably shouldn’t have.

A teacher he was supposed to be able to trust, who’d tortured him instead.

And then… fucking muggles and that god damned shed.

Oh wait… let’s not forget about the potion that roasted him in class the other day. He supposed that one was classmate related, but then again… Snape had not let that happen, performing as an actual teacher for once in his life.

Maybe that’s all they were though… teachers. Teachers gave homework and stopped classmate squabbles… they also couldn’t do shit about abusive relatives or trolls or the fucking dark lord.

He winced… maybe he’d been too harsh on them before. Yeah there was nothing he could do but… besides at least acting like this was a problem, there really wasn’t much they could do either, was there?

Maybe he’d given them too much credit.

Maybe he wasn’t paying attention, because he was so lost in his darkening thoughts that he was startled to realize he was being hugged—tightly.

He blinked widely at the ceiling over her shoulder as McGonagall hugged him tightly, and he very belatedly put arms back around her in shock.

It only lasted a brief time before she let go, straightening without a word to her original regal posture… and gently fixing the hair clip he had to keep his hair out of his face.

“We’ll just have to see about that sort of magic then, but in the meantime a good first step would be to remove your last block. Shall we take a walk to the Hospital Wing this evening?”

His eyes widened, instantly eager.

“Really!?”

“Indeed… your drills shows no error and if Madam Pomfrey agrees you’ve healed entirely, then having this block won’t do you any good during a duel.” She nodded down to him and he perked up. “Although I suppose I should ask first… do you intend to join this club?”

Huh.

Being asked my opinion is a nice change of pace.

“I think so… I’m still not sure what I could learn that would actually help, but at the very least I know my friends will.” He admitted.

She gave him another approving nod. “I understand. Against your year mates you’re right, it may be mostly for their benefit. I wouldn’t suggest opposing upper years just yet… however, if you have time after the Madam clears you, I may be able to at least instruct you on good dueling etiquette, and a spell or two appropriate for your magic level.”

Not year level.

Magic level.

And he was easily almost above fourth year right now.

He looked up at her with stars in his eyes and she simply guided him to the door gently.

“Are you serious? Are you actually serious?”

“I am quite serious Mr. Potter, so if I am allowed to take that as a yes then come along…”

“Cool!” His brain finally caught up and he all but lead the charge out of her office, her sharp clicking heels easily outpacing him almost immediately despite his eagerness.

She huffed, although amused enough that it could’ve been a polite laugh.

“While it may be ‘cool’, yes, I will warn you now the difference between fighting fellow students in a sanctioned duel and fighting an enemy. Your spellwork for Transfiguration is excellent but given your magical core I am telling you now you will struggle with control—particularly reigning things in so as not to harm people unnecessarily.”

“Right,” he agreed, mind racing immediately.

He listened close as she lectured him the entire way to the Hospital Wing about the tenants of control in a duel, and he even had a few things to share back about his ‘falling’ method of spell casting which she agreed would warrant some experimenting with before using on real opponents. The fact she was willing to talk, like, actual battle tips and tricks…

Like, actually help him help himself…

Because yeah, maybe she couldn’t help him in all honesty. In the moment he’d need help the most, most likely he would be alone, or would need to be the one protecting someone else, like with Hermione and with Neville… with Colin and everyone else he just wasn’t around to protect when they needed him.

Suddenly, he realized… the helplessness he felt when Colin was attacked and he just hadn’t been there to protect him…

McGonagall might feel something a little similar.

For some reason, that made tears prick at the corner of his eyes, but he shoved them down to deal with that unidentified emotion later. He was about to be checked over to see if he was healthy right now so he had to put his game face on and get ready to actually learn some magic that might save his life one day, right here and right now.

And maybe he was a Gryffindor at heart, because being able to do something finally felt really good.

His mood only got higher still when they finally reached Madam Pomfrey’s office and McGonagall knocked, only waiting a moment before entering and…

“Draco?” Harry blinked, of all the things he’d been expecting, seeing his friend sitting at Madam Pomfrey’s desk while she was looking over his shoulder at something was not it.

“Harry!” He yelped, ears going red but posture stiffening immediately. “Wait—are you hurt!?”

“I believe this is scheduled, actually, although you made good time on the spellwork drills. I wasn’t expecting you for another forty minutes,” Madam Pomfrey straightened up, checking her pocket watch pointedly.

“Scheduled…?” Draco frowned, looking from the Mediwitch back to Harry expectantly.

“I mean I didn’t know but Professor McGonagall said my spells are okay to remove the block I’ve had on since the start of the year,” He explained mainly for his benefit, but he was both curious himself—and also could see McGonagall was taken off guard by his appearance here too. “What are you up to? I know you said you were practicing but…?”

The apples of the blond’s cheeks turned a light pink but he lifted his nose pompously anyway.

“Practice is slow going so I’m reading up on theory in the meantime, just to supplement some things.” He explained a bit too casually.

“I had no idea you had interest in healing, Mr. Malfoy.” McGonagall lifted one brow at him, though he refused to meet her eye.

“It’s a hobby.” He insisted, slightly defensively.

Madam Pomfrey chuckled, coming around the desk to grab a book on one of her shelves. “Today is a small test of sorts I’m having Mr. Malfoy do to check his understanding of the topics we’ve been discussing so far.” She flipped the book open to a middle chapter with apparent ease and placed it in front of Draco, who blinked in surprise. “While I check over Mr. Potter here, in case you are curious about the magical core theory needed for this you can find it here.”

“Really?” He perked up, abandoning his supposed test to grip the book now instead.

“Oh no,” Harry groaned, half dismayed. “He’s going to be even more of a worry-wart if he knows about my health issues… is that a good idea?”

“Given he’ll likely be the one next to you next time an incident occurs, would you rather he be ignorant?” The Madam countered smoothly as she ushered both Transfiguration student and teacher out of her office and back into the main wing. And you know, Harry had to give her that point.

“Oh no,” He still said, earning twin chuckles from the women escorting him.

Thankfully none of them saw Draco with his head buried behind the book as it went neon red in mortification.



Chapter End Notes

And now for a segment where I put the songs I've been listening to that inspire me to write these characters. I like assigning songs to people, so as the story progresses I'll try to share a couple new ones here and there. If anyone has any suggestions I'd love to hear them to see what inspiration will strike. For real though I'd love to know what song people think fits Blaise lmao...

Up first is Harry! Which, of course as the main character could never have just one...

Badass!Harry: Pomegranate Lips (Derivakat)

Sad!Harry: All the Magic (Karliene)

Happy!Harry: Happy Now (Pentatonix)





Chapter 56: Book 2 : Envy : 23


Chapter Notes

I have no idea why writing from Blaise' POV is so hard for me but alas it is... he's quite the psychopath, I have to say.



See the end of the chapter for more notes



“Keep your spine straight, shoulders back. Front foot should be pointed at your target and back foot a quarter turned—keep your weight balanced between ball and heel so that you can move in an instant!” Harry repeated the lessons he’d only just learned from McGonagall to his new students, who obeyed quickly and fixed their postures hastily.

He smiled as he put a finger on Ginny’s wrist and pushed it down a couple inches.

“Not so high—if your arm is straight out like that you’ll get tired quickly. It’s okay to have a bend in your elbow just to keep it at the ready. Remember, you need full arm flexibility to be able to react with any type of spell that might be appropriate for whatever your opponent is throwing at you. Also, you need to be able to see over your own hand at what it is that they’re throwing,”

“Right,” She had a serious look on her face and corrected her arm, knees bent like she was ready to tackle someone. He was very amused how into this she was getting, and suspected if the dueling club continued to be a thing then she was going to be a really good fighter someday.

In comparison, directly to her left Luna looked so calm that she might be ready to hex you, or simply drop her wand from how loose her grip was, and she was standing casually enough that it seemed like a stray wind might topple her. He would’ve commented on it if he hadn’t already seen her lazily flick her wrist this way and that, only for very accurately placed charms to go zinging all over the room as if she were dancing with them.

She had mentioned her father once taught her some self-defense… so the fact she was being harassed by her own housemates seemed purely a benevolent choice on her part rather than a lack of capability. Harry was going to leave that battle for another day though, as today was for dueling only—they didn’t have much time until the club began after all.

His group of first years had both shrunk and grown… they were most noticeably missing Colin and Harry was trying hard not to think about how quiet it was without him there snapping pictures at literally everything they did. Even being quieter than he would’ve liked, they’d still increased in number from their original flying lessons though, as now every single first-year Gryffindor boy was here, probably because they were the most affected by what had happened to Colin, and therefore the most unnerved by it. Gryffindor boys were also the type most likely to be comforted by learning how to defend themselves against this mysterious monster, so it made sense to have the representation… although Ginny and Melody were still the only two representing the Gryffindor girls. He knew there were at least four more who still hadn’t shown, not that he was judging that exactly.

They’d expanded on other fronts too, as Basil, the first-year Hufflepuff Susan had practically thrown at him, had convinced his best friend Toddy to come too. They were having a little too much fun trying to catch each other with laughing charms rather than focusing on their footwork, but they were polite when he spoke up at least.

The most exciting part though, had come out of nowhere when two first-year Slytherins had approached him and asked to join when they somehow heard he was putting on these little classes in prep for the dueling club.

He’d looked up all the first years’ backgrounds just so he was aware of them like every other snake would be, but other than making sure they weren’t picking fights with the Gryffindor first-years, hadn’t approached them too much yet. He was letting them get used to Hogwarts and pick up on how ‘Harry Potter’ was seen in Slytherin house before he got involved. Knowing they were at the bottom of the barrel hierarchy-wise, and how Slytherin usually left firsties relatively alone if they shut up and just tried to learn their place in the world their first year here, Harry had copied that behavior so as not to sabotage them. He was a controversial character after all, and demanding upper years deal with him was not the same as bullying someone younger than him, who didn’t know any better, into dealing with him. Brand new snakes would not immediately know how to deal with an upper year getting in their faces without insulting both the Potter name, and also not get them ostracized by their own house. If they talked to him without knowing any better, they would have no idea Harry was essentially ruining their reputation for them as they might be seen as Draco was—conspiring with a Gryffindor, and the Boy Who Lived at that.

So he’d kept his distance to let them work it out. Let them get a feel for Hogwarts and Slytherin house in particular, and maybe in the later half of the year he’d reach out slowly to see if they had anything worth trading for yet and get the dealing going.

That plan had been blown out of the water when an unpredictably brave girl with long brown hair and hazel eyes walked up to him when he was sitting doing Charms homework with Draco in the Slytherin common room, and asked to be included in his unofficial class.

To be completely blunt, Lake Evergreen was a phenomenal Slytherin.

She was pureblood, not outwardly dark, not obscenely wealthy but robes of a very fine design and make. She knew exactly what she was doing when she asked him, and as a firstie with nothing to trade she’d given him big eyes and promised that she’d get along with the Gryffindors this year in exchange for his help as an upper year.

Which was amazing for several reasons.

First of all, doing it in the Slytherin common room meant people knew, and she knew that they knew. Second, she’d known exactly what he wanted in his heart of hearts: for Slytherins and Gryffindors to get over their old rivalry, and since she had nothing to trade she’d gone for his heartstrings instead. Thirdly, her words were very careful in saying ‘his help as an upper year’.

That did not mean help with the dueling club specifically.

It just meant help.

Harry recognized immediately that she was asking for not only help with combat, but also perhaps schoolwork… perhaps protection from the other Gryffindors who might be the ones picking the fights in the first place, since he’d already very much proven he’d bully any first year who started the fight, even if they were in his own house. She was essentially asking to be put under his wing, in exchange for following his rules.

She’d done it in her own common room so that everyone knew that helpless little firstie Lake Evergreen now had Harry Potter as her mentor… which meant she’d grabbed a lot of power relative to her position very quickly, considering she’d only been at Hogwarts a couple months. She must have seen how he’d commanded (ahem—threatened) all the first years into peace in the hallways and picked up very quickly how wary the snake house was of him and decided she could definitely capitalize on it.

Because he was still a Gryffindor, and he had heart strings with which to attack, and perhaps unluckily for Harry it was a damn effective method. In true Slytherin fashion, it was almost too good of a deal to pass up, so Harry hadn’t needed to think long before accepting.

Draco had witnessed the whole thing and been much more wary, warning him that it probably wasn’t a good idea… but he really couldn’t quite give a quaffle.

She could be using him, she could walk in the start of next year and start hexing Gryffindors left and right since this deal was only to be nice for now, but it still wouldn’t matter. She was still a first year, who had no better chance of surviving whatever monster was roaming their school halls than Colin had… at the very least, he wouldn’t turn anyone away from this self-defense lesson of sorts, no matter who they were or what their motivation was. She hadn’t defined what help meant and neither had he—he could still be as careful as he needed to be with her.

Besides… Harry only pretended to be able to predict Slytherin motivations, but he also had a sixth sense for when the motivation wasn’t Slytherin at all.

In fact, while he wasn’t about to bring it up to anyone, he was pretty sure Lake’s motivation was tightly interconnected with the boy who’d been right behind her when she asked for the deal not only for herself, but the both of them.

There was… shockingly little known about Alden Cork, and he was dead quiet even when Harry was encouraging him to say a spell louder to get more strength in his core to cast it properly. Even Daphne knew nothing about him, which really…

It meant he was probably a muggleborn.

He was smart enough to say nothing about that though and keep firmly to himself, and it seemed his year mates were ignoring that silent fact too. Harry suspected there were several muggleborns throughout the snake house, but you’d never know it from how secure that information was, for obvious reasons. If Lake had her shit together, then comparatively Alden seemed to be silently drowning and hoping no one noticed if he disappeared suddenly.

Harry genuinely could not imagine how hard this kid probably had it. He had literally nothing going for him except for the fact Lake seemed to have aligned herself with him and was taking him along for the ride.

Muggleborn or not, he was in Slytherin, so he had a goal or at the very least wanted to get somewhere with his life. Harry could relate and the boy was certainly not going to find too much help in his own house, so maybe it was pity or sympathy or whatever… he was willing to pass on what he knew and do what he could for them in exchange for them supporting his own goals.

Best of all: as a muggleborn, the idea that he’d end up siding with the dark or with someone actively preaching the death of people like him as Voldemort did, was laughable. Not that it couldn’t happen as you never knew, but Alden was a Slytherin was had as good a motivation as anyone to side with “Harry Potter”, so it was likely this relationship would be a long-term one for survival purposes while he was at Hogwarts.

And Harry could totally work with that.

For almost the same reason though, he was exceptionally wary of Lake as she was sharp as a knife despite being able to play helpless-firstie-with-puppy-dog-eyes outstandingly well… but he considered it a challenge worth taking.

“Is there any spell we can learn that would actually be useful for a duel though?” Lake herself spoke up in amongst all of their practicing, unafraid despite the room being mostly Gryffindor boys… who were still looking at her with wide, suspicious eyes, but firmly polite under Harry’s acidic stare daring them to start shit in front of him.

“Hm… I had given that some thought,” He tapped his chin, but it was a hard conundrum. Lake very obviously was already trained by her family—her posture was immaculate and simply oozed confidence in how she held her wand and placed her feet. There was no way she didn’t know ten hexes and dark curses from her parents to use in real combat, if not a friendly duel exactly. Her partner across from her had a death grip on his wand though, despite his shoulders being up straight and face otherwise blank, so he doubted she was asking for herself.

He wasn’t about to make the same mistake in teaching them spells above their year level for fear of damaging their magical cores. His was special but like hell was he going to risk their health, even if McGonagall and Pomfrey wouldn’t personally quarter him if they ever found out about it, but that meant he was limited to the spells taught to first years only.

Aside from Transfiguration which he’d gone completely out of order on, he knew the main offensive spells you learned in first year would be the severing charm, the fire-making charm, the knockback jinx, and the verdimillious charm—half of which were second semester lessons they didn’t know yet. The severing charm was a bit too reckless for him to teach a bunch of younger years in preparation for a duel—he didn’t want them actually using that and accidentally cutting someone’s hand off. The fire-making charm sounded a bit excessive and from what he remembered the knockback jinx was pretty tough (prodigy at Charms, he was not…). The only one that had real promise was the verdimillious charm which was specifically meant for use in duals and would conjure large, lightly damaging green sparks. The only defensive spell taught was the smokescreen spell which was useful enough as the only shield-type spell in first-year range, and it would actually be helpful if, say, a monster were coming at them down a hall and then needed a quick getaway.

The twins had also come in clutch and explained some of the more mischievous spells they’d learned over the years, trimming it down to a couple that even first years should be able to do within the week they had until the club started. Things like the laughing charm (which it seemed some of them already knew), the full body bind hex, and a monster hair growth jinx. The last one didn’t seem too useful but it was also very funny to see someone’s eyebrows grow over their eyes to blind them temporarily. And besides, in a duel it mattered less what the spell was and just so long as it was considered an incapacitation or a ‘hit’, and for a first year it would still count.

“We only have a week so the verdimillious charm and the smokescreen spell will be our best bet at a safe offensive and defensive pair. If we have time I’ll teach you a couple jinxes to switch it up if you want.” He decided, and she tilted her head curiously at him.

“I heard you were really good at Transfiguration—do you know anything useful with that?”

Harry mentally flashed back to a melted club raining down on a troll, and Quirrell’s choked death-gurgles as the blood in his body was replaced with water.

“… not unless you want to kill a troll.” He deflected and she startled. “I’ll tell you what: if you’re still interested later in some offensive Transfiguration I can teach you, but it’s way too dangerous for a duel against someone you don’t want to kill—McGonagall will actually murder me if I start spreading Transfiguration dueling tricks to first years.”

“Oh,” She frowned, considering that with eyes alight with whatever was churning behind her gaze. “I didn’t realize Transfiguration was that dangerous.”

“It’s the second most dangerous after Potions! So maybe later with that stuff, let’s just focus on winning some duels first.” He clapped his hands and they all perked up as he launched into a demonstration of the smokescreen charm.

Lake Evergreen kind of terrified him, since she wasn’t quite sly enough to cover her blatant interest in dangerous magics, but he knew she would be soon. What she wanted it for though…

Harry was just gonna have to stay on his toes and hope they used it against monsters in the Hogwarts hallways, not each other.

000

“Is he still not talking to me?”

“Don’t question it, just enjoy the silence.”

Blaise felt a vein in his temple twitch and spun around to give the peanut gallery standing behind him a venomous snarl.

He must be losing his touch though, because Harry just beamed while Draco didn’t even look away from the stage they were setting up in the Great Hall.

“Blaise! It’s been so long since you acknowledged me I thought you’d forgotten about me!” The red headed jerk didn’t even admit his betrayal and the Zabini heir whipped around again to openly ignore him.

It was hard though… he sincerely wanted to pick on him instead.

The audacity, of when he’d heard about this dueling club obviously he’d gone to tell everyone in the entire useless school, except the red-headed prick behind him had already known.

Way to ruin the joy of gossip, asshole.

“What did you do?”

“Me? Why are you asking me what I did!?” Harry’s indignant cry made Blaise feel slightly better, and he glanced over his shoulder in a show of casualness to see the other Gryffindor boys settling in beside them. They were awfully… not uncomfortable standing and sitting with them when the years gathered like this, or when they had classes together.

Blaise wasn’t strictly uncomfortable either, as they were all potential targets someday so no use in burning bridges, but there was also the matter of appearances to keep. That in no way explained why a bunch of lions, who didn’t care about appearances in the first place, had no issue standing right next to them though.

The answer, as Blaise was quickly finding was usually the case, circled back around to the lovely Harry Potter-Monroe to whom had taken a seat atop one of the empty tables in the Great Hall with the ever-present sidekick that was Longbottom firmly by his side. Over the course of the half hour where people filtered in to see what this dueling club was about, he’d been slowly crowded with people who wished to stand or sit near him. Like a magnet that had most people’s attention and interest, good or bad, people gravitated towards him… and evidentially, sometimes that pulling force exceeded the distaste for being near others.

For example Nott was still here, but he was at the far end of the table from the direction the Gryffindors had appeared, like a planet being kept in place around a sun but simultaneously repelled by larger planets on the other side of its orbit. Draco of course sat next to Harry, but hadn’t acknowledged Longbottom sitting on his other side, like two tightly spinning moons that wouldn’t leave their planet but were forever stuck at opposite poles by sheer opposing magnetism to each other.

Blaise himself had done it, impishly standing right in front of him to block his view in retaliation for ruining his gossip earlier, but him purposefully annoying the boy wonder back there was still him paying attention to, and choosing to stand near, the famous Boy Who Lived. He supposed he himself was a comet—heedless of any planet or asteroid belt in his way and keeping a definite distance most times… yet he always found himself circling back eventually.

For some reason.

Potter had been infiltrating a lot of corners of Hogwarts lately, which meant you ended up with this weird grouping of people: Slytherins, Gryffindors, Ravenclaws, and Hufflepuffs all mixed together, and not by house or friend group, but by how close of friends they were to Harry. How tight was your orbit, how strong was the gravitational pull…

Blaise was annoyed.

As the center of his own universe, the implication someone else was the sun in this metaphor pissed him off. Maybe that was why the slight annoyance and tiny grudge over his interrupted gossip was easier to hold onto that it would be otherwise.

In the end it didn’t actually matter though—nothing did. It was just another small detail that was a bit out of place.

“Well you’re always very polite to the Slytherins so if he’s mad at you, I’m assuming it’s something you did.” Dean continued like he didn’t hear Harry’s indignant tone.

Blaise felt better.

He spun around so fast Longbottom nearly startled right off of his seat and all the Gryffindors did a sharp double take.

“That’s it! Harry dear you’re ousted from my favorite Gryffindor position for being a bitch—Thomas you’re it.”

Harry’s wide green eyes looked betrayed for half a second before lighting up and cackling madly.

Thomas, to his credit, just titled his head as if not sure how to take that.

“I’m not sure I have a favorite Slytherin.”

“Yes you do, and you have to say it’s me now.” He snapped.

“Ah… alright?”

“Blaise, I found out literally one day before you—what could you have possible done with less than twelve hours notice?” The Potter asshole had the audacity to ask, which Blaise took full offense to.

“Everything—where have you been? Pay attention! I could’ve taken over Hogwarts already with that kind of forewarning!”

“Which is maybe why it’s best he didn’t tell you,” Draco drawled uncaringly, yelping as he got hit on the shoulder immediately for it. “Stop hitting me because you’re mad at him!” He complained.

Blaise looked as far down his nose as he could at the red head looking too-innocently at him, though the slight smirk to his lips gave him away. He sneered.

“Well I can’t hit that one. He’ll just bite me.”

“I’m not a dog.”

“But you are a bitch,” He waved his hand dismissively over his shoulder, making a show of being done with them and turning back to the stage, relishing in the way Potter choked on air audibly at the sharp retort. He even got a snicker from a stray Ravenclaw in the nearby crowd, which was mildly entertaining.

“How did you know about it ahead of time, Harry?” Finnegan chirped up curiously, although Blaise had already figured it out the instant he realized his gossip wheel had been ruined.

“McGonagall told me.” He admitted.

“You really are her favorite…”

“I mean yeah but this time it wasn’t technically because of that. I still had that magical block on me and she wanted to be sure it got removed before the club started, so it came up in that conversation was all.”

“Oh that’s right! So you’re finally free?” Dean cheered him and he flashed a pleased grin for the many onlookers that perked up at that news.

“Yep! All good by now!”

It posed a slight problem, Blaise considered.

Magical power was a nebulous topic in that it was difficult to categorize people just because they had more or less sheer capacity for magic than someone else. Any clever Slytherin with a weak core still had a slight edge over, say, a Hufflepuff with a larger-than-average core just by virtue of being willing (and eager) to play dirty and trick their opponent into a trap, even if they couldn’t go wand-to-wand and win in a direct clash. Power combined with control was a much better indicator of someone’s strength, but control was very hard to quantify as you could be great at ten spells but horrible at a hundred others.

Just because you had a lot of magic did not necessarily mean you could use it. Blaise never discredited anyone as a non-threat just because of weakness or arbitrary magical strength, it was just poor tactics.

Potter though, was a bit of an outlier.

Being stronger than someone else in terms of magic was not usually something to get worked up over, however being twenty times stronger than anyone else your age wasn’t something you could just ignore. Blaise was no expert on magical core theory, but the fact Potter had a magic block on for the entirety of this year so far and, frankly, just forgot about it was a red flag and a half. Blaise had watched him, never for a second forgetting the fact his magic was leashed while the weirdo sat in front of him in Charms, still completing spells averagely quickly compared to the rest of the class. And let’s not even pretend that everyone didn’t notice how he had the entire year’s work in Transfiguration already done, and how he'd just hand it in and start doing other homework during that class period with McGonagall’s permission.

If he hadn’t openly told them, literally no one—not even a Slytherin or a Ravenclaw or a single teacher in this second-rate school—would’ve been able to notice that he had a magical block on until just recently.

Even worse, is that he wouldn’t have told them if he didn’t get caught with the potions at meals almost immediately. Blaise could read people like he could breathe air, and while he didn’t always know the motivation or what they were hiding, he always knew when they were hiding something. Harry had told them it was because he’d pushed himself too far in upper year Transfiguration work, which was an exceptionally reasonable excuse—it made almost too much sense in fact.

Blaise knew for certainty that it was a lie because of how oh so reasonable the explanation had been. Only muggleborns or those raised by muggles cared about making everything make perfect sense when they lied, because if they actually knew a thing about the wizarding world they’d know life and magic certainly did not work so sensibly as they thought it should. He didn’t even need the deduction though, as he could tell the instant the words came out of his mouth by the way the Gryffindor’s smile had been ever so slightly too calm. Blaise had had a year of eating meals with him at this point: he knew when the boy wonder was lying by now. He didn’t even need the full year honestly, he could tell by last Christmas.

As for if he cared if anyone was lying to him… ha, no.

Lie away, he didn’t give a fuck.

In fact he kind of loved it when people lied to him. It was just so cute that they genuinely thought they’d get away with it.

While he didn’t know the actual reason Harry had a magical block on, he also knew if Madam Pomfrey was involved then it was a sincere threat to his magical core—and therefore everyone around him. As someone who ate lunch with him periodically, Blaise wasn’t questioning the decision.

The only thing he would maybe question was why he’d lied to Draco, because it was clear the Malfoy heir didn’t know the real reason either—he wasn’t lying when he’d commented on the potions so he very genuinely didn’t know the actual reason.

That was a bit interesting, as in he’d made note of it… but he didn’t actually care enough to do anything about it. He would just sit on that knowledge and wait for something else to pop up that maybe was related—maybe he’d get to use it against them someday. That would be fun, maybe. Or maybe not.

Maybe it would be just another boring thing cluttering up his brain.

Anyway, while none of that mattered, the fact Harry had his core released in preparation for today’s duels posed an imminent problem he needed to give attention to. There was a none-zero chance he would get paired up with the red headed menace and in that case, he needed his wits about him.

Because the power was one thing… it was a significant thing, but it was only one factor.

Power and control was the name of the game, and unfortunately Mr. Monroe had an intense amount of competency with a wand in addition to his apparent unparalleled magic power. Since the start of this year, his comfort with a wand had skyrocketed, and as the snake house in general was hyper-aware of anyone who may pose a threat to them, there weren’t many who hadn’t noticed that he walked a lot like a pureblood who’d been trained in magic since birth these days. Pretty much only Draco and some first years seemed to have not noticed, actually.

He'd been around when Harry had traded some Transfiguration lessons to others in the Slytherin common room, and even if he wasn’t in on the deal and had to sit elsewhere in another sitting area where he couldn’t hear what was being said, he still watched like a hawk and very much noticed how he seemed to forget to say some spells out loud when he was doing a demonstration. Not being able to hear didn’t matter, as his lips didn’t move as he moved his wand, and things started transfiguring in front of him flawlessly.

Also, he didn’t care about quidditch but even Blaise knew being the youngest seeker in a century both at Hogwarts and in the professional sport of quidditch in general, meant he had the hand-eye coordination and reaction time that beat out everyone around him by miles. He’d attended enough games out of obligation to know first hand at this point too.

To top it all off, shattering your arm and still being able to hold onto a snitch and not fall off your broom, being roasted alive by a rouge potion without making a sound and then brushing it off immediately… yeah.

Mr. Monroe would do fine before Lady Zabini if it ever came to that.

Anyone with that kind of pain tolerance wasn’t going to shy away from some second-year level spells in a public duel.

To top it all off, he’d destroyed an upper year Slytherin with only a harmless defensive spell being cast to prevent a scene from happening at breakfast. He didn’t need a wand to be a fucking threat and half, but given the weapon and the clear goal of fighting someone, Blaise was thrilled to see him go destroy some fools… and not so thrilled with the none-zero chance he’d be one of them.

Blaise himself was very good. He was trained by his mother after all.

Reality was though, he most likely wasn’t as good as Harry right now. He had power and he knew how to use it, he was dangerously clever, he was still an annoyingly unafraid Gryffindor who wouldn’t back down because of pain or fear, and he had the repertoire of spells, at least in Transfiguration, to be a real fucking problem to fellow second-years who didn’t have high level magic they could lean on here. At least not that they could show in front of teachers as plenty of Slytherins knew a couple dark ones that’d do the trick in a real fight.

Still, for a ‘friendly’ duel, Potter had all the advantages here.

And to be beaten by him in this public forum would be a blow to Blaise’s pride that he wasn’t willing to take, so he had to think carefully about what he needed to do should it happen. It was a small chance, but a none-zero one was still a chance, and only a fool wouldn’t prepare anyway.

As he mulled it over, he sighed as he realized the only viable weakness the guy had was his mental stability which was, let’s say, about as good as Blaise’s right now… but he didn’t wear it nearly as fabulously as he did. That was a trump card he was saving for a better day though so it wasn’t useful in this setting.

Hmmm… he’s weak to Charms and I bet he doesn’t know any good shields. Then again with his power he could probably break through most of my shields, or at least the ones I can use publicly… and his reaction time means I’d be the one at a disadvantage if I tired overwhelming him with volume. Maybe psychological, if I play purely defensive and don’t attack for as long as I can hold out and just wait for when his guard drops?

He tisked at the mediocrity of his tactics. This is why he didn’t get into head-on fights—destroying people’s reputations was so much easier.

“On that topic, me knowing about it wasn’t favoritism but I’ll tell you what is: she promised me I get to go first once we start this thing.” Potter continued behind him, ignorant of the Zabini’s internal musings.

“No way!”

“Better you than me, honestly. I’ll just take notes as I’ve never dueled before.” Thomas sighed wearily.

“I doubt many our year level have, I don’t think.”

“Jokes on you, Slytherins grow up knowing the rules so good luck.” Surprisingly, Draco actually addressed Finnegan with a haughty sniff, and even more surprisingly was that the Irishman didn’t even take offense, he just gave a dreading groan.

“Oh great…”

Blaise knew Draco had been getting too chummy—he couldn’t keep his trap shut when it came to quidditch and the two of them were nerds about it. Minus one point for the weakest snake of their grade—including Mr. Monroe here somehow, who was, in fact, still a Gryffindor even.

“I just have to hope I’m up against a Slytherin then.” Harry gave a wicked grin as if not bothered at all by the apparent disadvantage… which confirmed to Blaise the worst possible scenario here:

Potter knew how good he was, and he was actively looking for an actual challenge to him.

It was one thing if he had all the advantages in combat against others his age but was still nervous for his first fight or underestimated himself… that he knew and was confident in his own abilities was a whole other monster altogether.

Blaise automatically made a face of disgust, but deflected with his words.

“Ironic, given you’re the one always preaching the snakes and lions get along, aren’t you?” He sniffed down his nose at him.

“I just want a good fight is all,” He countered smoothly, unbothered.

Bitch knew he was going to win, and it pissed him off.

He couldn’t help but bare his teeth just a bit.

“With that attitude I hope you fight Longbottom first.”

Blaise immensely enjoyed the way the meek Gryffindor’s face paled dramatically at realizing that that was a possibility, and Potter’s cockiness vanished in a puff to instantly turn to his friend with reassurances, completely abandoning the exchange with everyone else to focus on his sidekick.

Predictable.

Merlin he hated predictable things. Harry was usually more entertaining than that.

Serves him right though. I hope he’s forced to knock his little shadow right off the stage himself.

Blaise’s uncharitable mood got worse as he turned back to where the stage seemed to be set, and the teachers were gathering to begin the club session. Lockhart who was apparently running this thing was unfortunately there, but so was Snape, McGonagall, and Flitwick.

Unfortunately, a Potter vs Longbottom duel is even less likely than me fighting the bitch. The cat and the shrimp wouldn’t do that to Longbottom and there are much better ways to fuck with Potter that Snape would probably choose over torturing Longbottom even more than he does in class already. I mean it’s a predictable win for Potter so it’d be such a basic choice when Snape is far too much of a dramatic bastard for it to be so simple.

Lockhart is a wild card though—maybe I could catch his eye and have him pick Longbottom somehow? I mean, if the dunce would ever pick up on that, which I doubt. Nah, too much effort given Harry will know I had a hand in it and will get pissy about it. I still don’t know exactly where the line in fucking with Longbottom is before he sees me as a legitimate enemy and it’s not worth it for now.

“Alright everyone, gather round! How excellent to see such a turnout for my little experiment here! Are we all excited for a little demonstration?” As Lockhart caught everyone’s attention with his flamboyant gesticulating, Blaise rolled his eyes and abandoned his mission of blocking Harry to walk back and plop himself between Nott and Draco grudgingly.

He wasn’t acknowledged but for once he was fine with it, just leaning back and trying not to let the annoying teacher’s insane narcissism irritate him too much. Lockhart didn’t seem to care much that the purpose of this club was to teach them how to duel, and more an opportunity for them to witness his own dueling prowess apparently.

“If we’re just gonna sit here watching him duel I’m going to leave.” Nott muttered darkly and Blaise gave him a lazy look before sighing at the ceiling. The sky was a horrifically ugly pale blue today.

He was bored again.

That was never good.

He was still bored, even when Lockhart asked Snape of all people to help him do his demonstration. It was a horrible idea befitting of the imbecile and Blaise already knew how it’d end… he didn’t even feel anything to watch the Defense professor get his ass handed to him, nor as he gave a great bluster about letting his opponent win. The students around him were greatly enjoying it all, some girls who were somehow still smitten with his charming smile sympathizing with Lockhart—it made him want to gag.

I wonder what we’re having for dinner…

Lockhart wanted to move right into the student attempts now that they’d had a demonstration, but McGonagall cut him off sternly and forced her way onto the stage despite the man’s loud ego trying to take up the entire platform. She insisted that while the demonstration was nice they were all still second-years, half of them being muggleborn who didn’t actually know the rules and so she was going to assist Flitwick in giving them the proper run-down.

Flitwick had been a dueling champion? Blaise hadn’t known that.

Maybe he’d be a tad less flippant towards the man, since apparently he could hold his own more than he’d previously thought. Or maybe not.

How old was he again? He had to be part goblin or something so it was hard to tell. Old though—his heyday was far away at this point.

This was dull. He already knew the rules and they were getting very dumbed down, baby rules here for a beginner lesson. He really hoped he was up against a muggleborn, as he wasn’t interested in fighting in general and just wanted an easy win. Then again that would be even more tedious so maybe he wanted someone like Susan Bones who promised to be the most aggressive Hufflepuff of the choices today while still being manageably easy to beat.

Why did I even come? Am I really gonna get any good information here?

As much as this was unfortunate, he supposed he needed to know who won what matches and potentially what grudges came from them. This had a huge turnout so he couldn’t skip something everyone else would be witnessing firsthand, the same reason he went to quidditch matches despite being dead bored there too. Not that any non-pureblood would put up much of a show, and not that any pureblood worth their brains would show their actual potential in a farce like this, but it might be an opportunity to see how people handled themselves in a fight. More likely, it’d highlight the weakest links of them all which was useful in its own way, or would be eventually.

He really didn’t like direct combat though, there were so many other ways to do things. Eventually it would be more relevant but that was when they were older—how they showed their mettle in a second-year dueling club would be stale information in only a couple years when they’d all gained some more experience and knowledge. Who was good at fighting now was only good information for like, a couple months at best, as everyone would progress and get better pretty quickly.

Maybe he could pick out the weakest links and leave them somewhere for Slytherin’s monster to eat.

That might be funny.

Unfortunately Longbottom is definitely one of those weakest links and Harry would get mad at me for that. Ugh.

Idle thoughts of ‘accidental’ deaths were put aside when McGonagall finally got to the bloody point and called Harry up, and now Blaise actually gave a shit. It was a very small chance he’d be called, but as Snape stepped forward to be the one to pick Potter’s opponent, the Zabini relaxed almost entirely. There was no way the man would pick him—his mother had already had a conversation or two in the past with the potions master and Blaise knew he was immune to Snape’s petty waspishness.

But that meant there were only a few juicy choices left to really cause Harry some distress and as Blaise thought about it…

“Draco. Get up here.” Snape’s voice was as curt as it always was but now it had the effect of silencing the already pretty attentive crowd when they all realized what was about to go down.

Blaise smiled blankly as he enjoyed how flustered Draco was to stand and immediately follow the path his friend had just left through the crowd up to the stage. It was amusing that he didn’t see that coming.

By Harry’s abashed look up on the platform, he probably had suspected this would be the case—at least once he saw that Snape would be the one picking his opponent if not necessarily before that.

“If Draco goes easy on him, he’s done for.” Nott mumbled, and Blaise was only mildly surprised he was actually offering commentary. The bookworm had an impenetrable shell but this fight was going to prove mildly interesting, maybe.

The youngest Malfoy teered on the assumption he’s only friends with a Gryffindor as a means to an end, mainly to upper years in the snake house. On the other hand, the lions only accepted him because they thought (and were partially correct in assuming) that Harry owned his ass. If Draco went easy on his publicly acknowledged friend, then Slytherin would eat him alive, but if he went too hard or crossed some arbitrary line to the morality-obsessed Gryffindors, the lions would do it themselves.

It was a touchy line to walk, and Draco wasn’t nearly a good enough Slytherin to pick up on the nuances of what both houses would deem acceptable. You needed success to look good to the snakes, but you needed to be honorable to the lions… and unfortunately snakes would only accept a flawless victory and lions only cared about their honor so Draco wasn’t going to look good no matter what he did.

And honestly, if Harry even suspected Draco was holding back, then Slytherin and Gryffindor would be the least of the Malfoy’s problems, so it would probably be smart to pacify the boy wonder first and worry about everyone else later.

Blaise’s brow twitched when, in a moment of annoying self-reflection, he recognized that might the tactic Draco had been following from the start.

“He’s screwed,” He decided instead, because this was a complicated situation and Draco wasn’t talented enough to come out of it unscathed, that was for sure—no matter what other thoughts there were besides it, that was the main point anyway.

His best bet was to restrict his spell usage to things above-board only, act quickly and aggressively but follow the rules of a duel to the tee. Even then, it wouldn’t be enough for Slytherin to say he ‘put up’ and Gryffindor would think him a sneaky underhanded bastard even if he only used tickling charms. He was fucked.

Blaise would’ve been more excited about that if the only interesting thing about it was the curiosity over why Snape was interested in screwing his godson over like that. Surely he knew Potter was going to accidentally make Draco’s life hell over this regardless of if they were “friends” or not? Did he want to drive a wedge between them?

Seemed tastelessly petty.

Then again, it’s Snape. I like being petty but he makes petty look unappetizing.

Blue eyes tilted in his direction, even if Nott’s head didn’t move from where his chin rested on his hands, braced against his knees.

“You’re certainly in a mood.” He noted.

Warily, even.

Which wasn’t even unreasonable given the atrocities Blaise had been known to commit when he was in a mood.

He put his nose in the air. “I just hope this is interesting enough is all.”

“How could you think it wouldn’t be?”

“Hm.” He didn’t honor that with a response, instead wondering wildly how Nott had picked up on his thoughts. “Are you an empath? Usually I’m a better actor than that.”

He didn’t receive an answer, just an eyeroll.

Which was annoying because if someone could read him without his permission then it was a threat, and he’d hate to have to kill a roommate when Nott hadn’t strictly done anything yet.

Theo’s luck seemed to be high today as considerations of him being a loose end were derailed by an unexpected voice beside him.

“Do you really think Malfoy has no chance?”

He blinked, head snapping back to his left and—oh right. Draco and Harry had vacated their seats, which meant he was somehow now sitting next to a Gryffindor. Not Longbottom as the blond had pulled a Nott and disappeared rather than be sat next to him, which was the expected, understandable reaction, however…

What was not the sane reaction was that fact the other two lions had filled the gap to break into a conversation with him, and Dean Thomas was showing his muggleborn by not being the tiniest bit wary of him. Blaise narrowed his gaze at them briefly, given neither Finnegan nor Thomas were potential targets—in fact they were on the ‘avoid’ list so far as his mother was concerned. Or more like, she didn’t care to know they existed and would expect him to act the same way.

However, they were Harry’s roommates and Mr. Potter was a player and a target.

Perhaps it was a chance to gain information, and as a default it was safe to keep friends rather than make enemies unless you knew them well enough to have them as an enemy in the first place. They’d been polite and casual in class since with Harry and Draco bringing the two groups together by force he’d been unable to avoid them thus far, and he suspected it would remain the case for their duration at Hogwarts.

He wasn’t Draco though, so he had no intention of getting too friendly… but friendly enough for now. Perhaps they would prove useful someday: they were Harry’s people after all, and he’d already invested a lot into Longbottom with noticeable results, even if minorly. Someday was worth waiting to see when it came to the red headed menace’s crazy plots.

“About the duel? Who knows,” He smiled playfully and put his own chin on his hand. Thomas tilted his head since clearly he had no idea they’d been talking politics, not who won the fight. “Harry is obviously more competent but then again you’re a muggleborn… you’ve never dueled before and neither has Harry, while Draco was raised with a wand in his hand. How would you fair?” He challenged.

“I thought you weren’t allowed to use magic before Hogwarts,” Finnegan betrayed his ignorance—and he was a half-blood even, he should’ve known better. Then again, he was a Gryffindor.

“That’s so cute,” He grinned instead, voice deceptively fond. Staunch rule-followers were just so naïve it was precious… if not also kind of disgusting.

Like a toddler was adorable in a germy, snotty way.

“I probably wouldn’t do too well, but Harry’s far more aggressive than I am. I mean, worse comes to worse, he’ll chuck his wand at him and punch him if magic doesn’t work.” Dean actually answered Blaise’s rhetorical.

And well, the image of Potter throwing his wand at Draco and nailing him in the head with it to win a point was amusing enough that Blaise couldn’t help but really hope that’s exactly what he did.

“I would pay so much money to see that,” He cooed eagerly, earning another eyeroll from Nott.

Finnegan laughed. “Oh my god can you imagine Snape’s face if he did that?”

“Forget Snape, McGonagall might finally crack if her star pupil goes completely rouge like that.”

“Oh Harry please do something interesting like that,” Blaise perked up at the exciting prospects, not loud enough for anyone near the stage to actually hear him but more as a wish to the universe.

He so loved when things were interesting and for some reason only monsters and red heads ever seemed to do fun things these days. Everything else was so incredibly dull he almost missed his mother.

“Are you hoping Snape or McGonagall snaps then?” Thomas challenged.

“Hm… both?” He shrugged, and they snickered. “I just want it to be interesting, please.”

“I mean I’m sure it’ll be entertaining at least—Harry’s only ever beaten people, he’s never like fought someone who was fighting back right?” Thomas shrugged.

Fair enough. Montague never even had a chance to fight back given he didn’t know he was a target until it was too late. And he’s only ever picked on Weasley, Draco, or first-years who certainly weren’t threats to him.

However… it still wasn’t strictly true.

“I mean he was attacked by Quirrell, though no one saw it to be fair. He’s been in at least one life-or-death fight before which is far more than Draco has under his belt.” He dismissed.

Only to realize he was getting twin stares of shock. Maybe not shock… maybe just horror.

Which made no sense whatsoever as he was sure he’d told the entire school about it at the end of last year, including Gryffindor and most particularly their year level.

“Did I say something not true?” he challenged them but they just looked away, clearly dropping it.

Hm… weird.

Although, Longbottom was now sitting on Finnegan’s far side and pointedly wasn’t look in their direction, with no discernable reaction although there was no way he wasn’t eavesdropping on this conversation. Which meant he probably knew the details or had heard more about it than the other two did… though why they’d seemed so taken aback was a curiosity.

Harry had literally been in the hospital wing, and these two in particular had visited him while he recovered. They’d seen him on the train, everyone had seen the way he’d fallen apart. This was certainly not news to them… so what the fuck?

Then again, Gryffindors had this ‘out of sight, out of mind’ mentality. There was a good chance no one had brought it up since the end of last year… there was no way they’d forgotten though, right?

A teacher attacking a student was kind of a huge deal after all, regardless of the fact that student was the Boy Who Lived and their roommate of all people. Not that he cared but even he wasn’t just unaware when Nott had broken ribs, and lions claimed to be so much more sensitive about people than anyone else aside from maybe Hufflepuffs.

Oh! Maybe they’re bad Gryffindors—that would be hilarious.

“Alright, now that everyone is in position—on my mark!” Lockhart ripped them from their conversations about the duel to actually start said duel, and the room quieted down to sit back and watch what was about to happen.

While Blaise had been preoccupied apparently the two duelers on stage had reached some silent agreement because the discomfort in their stances had faded significantly. Annoying as it was to admit, Draco had improved a lot over the past year, at least in his body language, so it wasn’t strictly easy to interpret what he was thinking right now. When they first met there was no use in even calling him an open book, he was a bloody billboard plastered on the side of a mountain, in that he not only didn’t hide anything but actively seemed to be trying to get people to notice him for some reason.

It was a bit rich for Blaise to call anyone else an attention whore but then again, the basis of their friendship did not run deep aside from their distinctly shared personality traits.

In any case, as fun as that had been for all of two weeks, what little Blaise could pick up from his body language wasn’t very useful at this point, when he was standing on a stage and cautiously locked down on his straight posture for the crowd watching them. He could tell he was nervous mostly by deduction and not because Draco’s shoulders or his expression or the grip on his wand told him anything, which was a minor inconvenience.

Mr. Potter though… had always been much harder to read. Not because he was good at hiding what his body quietly signaled into the world for others to pick up on, but because what he was signally never made any fucking sense.

Which was reason #1 why Blaise hadn’t lost interest in him even as months had dragged on and eventually turned into a full year a this point, which was a record for him by a long shot.

For example, right now… there were a lot of reasonable emotions he might be feeling, to be dueling for the first time in such a public place, up against his self-proclaimed best friend at that. There was no way he was oblivious to what the political ramifications of this would be to Draco, even if he didn’t have the full picture he was sly enough to know a couple things and assume the rest. As a Gryffindor he could be feeling some mushy, nonsensical things, but even as a Gryffindor who had quite a few qualities in line with Slytherin house there was plenty of other things that could be racing through his mind right now, not related to remembering the rules or trying to think of which spell to cast first.

Blaise could assume he was thinking and feeling most of those obvious things.

He was not signally any of it though.

No… his body language very, very clearly displayed that Harry was fully intending to try and kill Draco right now.

And the future black widow couldn’t help but plop his chin on his hands with a goofy smile because oh how he loved when the red head got all riled up like that.

No matter what words came out of his mouth or the expression on his face, sometimes Mr. Monroe here had this posture about him, this tension that most snakes would know well even if it was pretty hard to recognize on a day-to-day basis. Out of context, you almost never noticed how the lines of one’s shoulders or the jut of a chin meant anything more than the way the body moved normally in casual, or even animated conversation. There was a difference though, in how the same exact motions could be seen completely differently in a life-or-death situation.

Fight or flight, perhaps.

You had to be ready to flee at a moment’s notice or put up a fight—when confronted with an unsurmountable danger sometimes you needed to be able to muster the courage or the power within you to not only fight, but fight to kill.

Kill or be killed.

Inflict or be inflicted.

That seemed to be a thought that floated through his favorite Gryffindor’s lovely red head a lot, ever since he’d met the boy but a lot more recently for sure. The fact he seemed to come to terms with the idea that he’d much rather be a predator than prey and therefore acted on that desire born from fear pretty young in life was simply fascinating.

Early on, even Blaise hadn’t immediately picked up on it, but when Potter had unceremoniously sat at the Slytherin table that first day and everything Draco had been hinting at truly hit him that this was a thing they’d have to deal with, obviously Blaise had started to pay a lot more attention. It did not take him long to realize the boy was off, for sure… but he hadn’t truly witnessed it until they’d learned to fly their brooms, and for what might’ve been the first time in decades he’d gotten to witness an accidental magic incident at Hogwarts.

Not because of fear or confusion as most accidental magic incidents in general were, but because of anger.

Even Blaise himself had never had an incident because of anger or something that wasn’t fear or inattention. Not that he was a very angry person but… it had caught his attention, and more importantly it put together a few clues for him that was all he needed to figure the rest out.

Ever since it’d been simply fascinating to watch the way Harry interacted with the world—who he considered to be friend and who he considered to be foe. He claimed people as friends, verbally and with his actions, and yet…

And yet, Draco and Longbottom were the only two in most of last year that he didn’t instinctively lean away from, or subconsciously tense like he was getting ready to lash out if he needed to.

It was very telling that he leaned all over Draco, actually, particularly when he was at the Slytherin table, in ‘enemy territory’ as it were. But even from this distance Blaise had watched him do the exact same thing to Longbottom at the Gryffindor table, which was supposedly ‘home turf’ was it not? Obviously the boy didn’t feel very comfortable anywhere and given he’d almost died three times last year alone there wasn’t even anything Blaise could tease him for about it since it was just a reasonable attitude to have at this point.

What really sold him for good on this complete loon though, was when he’d confronted Montague—and not for the obvious reasons that that was literally the best thing to have ever happened while he was eating breakfast.

No, what had really just taken him and beat him over the head with a club, was how Harry had straightened up and spoke directly into Montague’s eyes—then undid his little transfiguration trick on his sleeve to ‘free’ his opponent a bit… and he hadn’t leaned away.

The first Slytherin besides Draco that Blaise had ever seen the boy not tense around like he was getting ready to dodge or bite them, and it was a fucking enemy.

An enemy he’d so completely conquered that he felt zero fear in dropping his guard and daring the third year to try and do shit about it. He wasn’t about to defend himself if Montague had decided to hex him right then, nor was he about to attack his opponent himself since he’d already won.

Slytherins liked success.

Blaise liked success like he liked water.

They liked their personal success a lot, don’t get him wrong… but Merlin there was something magnificent about witnessing a beautiful victory too. It didn’t really happen too often as snakes weren’t nearly as show-boaty as lions were, but given how delectable that event had been he could tell some had been reconsidering that a tiny bit.

This year, one might’ve assumed Mr. Monroe would become even more closed off given the severity of his latest near-death experience, but true to Blaise’s expectations on the wild child, he never could’ve predicted how things had actually changed.

The weirdest for sure was that Harry had started leaning away from Draco. It was obvious from the first day of term, and it didn’t happen that often but enough to be noticeable. It sort of got explained away after the potion incident though, as Draco’s complete failure to understand had honestly pissed even Blaise off a tad more genuinely than he’d been prepared to deal with. He was sort of annoyed the potion hadn’t roasted the blond’s pretty face off instead of Harry’s, so he could understand that the Malfoy had probably fucked up the friendship check after the Quirrell incident and was suffering the consequences of that.

Honestly, if the boy couldn’t figure out the cruciatus implication when it was so fucking obvious then he was hopeless.

How angry that made him was a topic for another day though.

Another interesting change had been that a couple more people had managed to wiggle their way into Harry’s bubble so that he didn’t constantly seem to want to either ditch them or kill them for the entire Great Hall to see. The Weasley pranksters for one, his roommates in Thomas and Finnegan, and most first years after he got to know them for a couple weeks. Seems he had a soft spot.

Greengrass seemed to fluctuate: half the time he seemed to relax around her but at any given moment, or even halfway through a conversation, he’d tense up again. For some reason he only ever seemed to want to flee from her though, not attack— which was a shame as she would’ve been his top pick to get metaphorically murdered after Montague. Hm… actually maybe second top pick, putting Flint The Troll first, because he was more immediately troublesome than she was as just a gross person.

What really pissed him off to unbelievable levels though, was how 0.2 seconds after Mr. Potter’s parselmouth reveal, how he seemed to just completely accept Theodore the shut-in. Blaise never regretted not carrying his books with him more than he did at that moment to have not been there to see their reactions, and Nott had done everything to hide it from him, with some success annoyingly enough. Harry’s posture had totally evened out when talking to the quietest Slytherin these days, and clearly was not about to attack him or feel threatened by him anymore, and he knew Nott had picked up on that as well.

He did not reciprocate obviously, and Blaise was sure he was planning on something utilizing that obvious weak point in their Gryffindor, though he refused to even give a hint about what it was, the bastard.

All in all, Harry’s reactions were always so interesting… and true as always, even now during this duel when Draco was supposedly one of the few people he’d never feared, the weird lion was standing there looking ready to commit murder regardless of who it was that was standing in front of him.

And it had nothing to do with fight or flight anymore: this was all fight.

And it was a mouth-watering premeditated aggression too, of someone going into the fight before them fully intending to win no matter what needed to be done to obtain that victory. Fighting in defense was not the same as fighting for the thrill of rage or the taste of blood, and Mr. Potter had it in spades right now. A calm, cooled aggression dripped off the lines of his shoulders and snapped out into the air with the click of his heels on the stage in a slightly off-putting impersonation of McGonagall honestly. His eyes didn’t flicker and his head was held high enough to be proud without losing solid, realistic grip of the situation in front of him.

Never dueled before my ass.

Malfoy was proud because he was born to be that way. It was natural, effortless and prestigious— grating as that was to admit.

Despite reflecting confidence on both sides of the stage, their body languages did not match right now, so to repeat his earlier sentiment… Draco was screwed.

Maybe this will be interesting… if Draco actually dies or comes close then the day won’t be completely wasted then.

“Ready yourselves! Severus if you would,” Lockhart wrapped up whatever the hell he’d been saying as the duelers raised their wands and got into position, and Snape looked like he’d be rolling his eyes if he were the sort to break his mask that way.

Instead he simply raised his wand between them and without preamble, gave the signal.

To his credit, Draco did not hesitate and displayed reasonable ability as a pureblood by firing off four hexes immediately, going as fast as a twelve-year-old possibly could to fling spells out as aggressively as possible. Good spells too with decent range, as he called out a stinging charm, a laughing charm, but also a slicing spell and bat-boogey hex too.

Blaise gave him a 7/10, given that was probably the best he could’ve done even if it was predictable and not that interesting, it was still the only viable choice he had and he’d executed it admirably. While he was loathe to give the mediocre Slytherin that much credit, he could at least acknowledge he’d obviously been trained as the Malfoy heir, and his parents had not slacked in his education. Blaise had been trained too but grudgingly acknowledged the blond had slightly better speed than he did.

What was far more interesting though, was that despite that speed, Harry was completely undisturbed by the assault and proved once again that he’d been named the youngest seeker in a century for a damn good reason as he physically dodged each spell. Not even that hastily, but with a neat step here, then there, then a brief lean back and a tilt to his head and not a single spell landed without him actually raising his wand or startling like he was dodging on instinct. Each move was calm and purposeful like his reaction time was so far ahead of his opponent’s speed that it was nothing to just… move out of the way of an oncoming spell like one would casually brush by someone in a crowded hallway, leaning your shoulders to the side to not bump into them without giving it a thought.

While he dodged he even lifted his wandless hand and, for some reason, slipped one of the ever-present hair clips out of the long tressed of blood red hair floating around him. The wand in his other hand moved like water as he dodged the last spell, saying something low enough that Blaise couldn’t hear it from this distance, and then suddenly a small yellow bird was flying from his palm directly at Draco.

The Malfoy blasted it out of the air as soon as it got in range, displaying an impressive accuracy to hit a moving target so small… only for everyone to do a wild double-take when the bird exploded into a plume of glass and showered over the blond sharply. Draco instinctively raised his arm to shield his eyes from the tiny shards of glass biting into him from the force of the explosion, and nearly missed Harry’s follow up stunner with his blocked vision, only just barely managed to physically dodge it as well by stepping to the side—though it was more of a stagger and far less graceful than his opponent had done it.

The crowd got louder, rustling and shifting and a lot of soft ooh’s and ahhh’s at the rapid-fire exchange as everyone got wrapped up into the show before them.

“What even happened!?” Finnegan exclaimed only half-quietly, which was something Blaise actually agreed with. How had that bird been glass? He knew the boy was good at Transfiguration but he had no idea what that even was.

“He transfigured it into a glass bird right before Draco’s blasting curse hit it.” Nott mumbled, not really for Finnegan’s benefit but because it was obvious most people had missed that.

Blaise felt… kind of cold, as the implications of that made him a bit horrified.

But also thrilled too.

If he thought Draco had good accuracy to hit a small target like that, then it paled compared to Harry’s if what Nott was saying was true. That he could not only hit his own projectile from behind, but time it so that it would hit just before his opponent’s own pin-point spell landed… that it’d been so fast even Blaise had missed the motion… that was insane.

He’d known Harry was going to be a good fighter, that he definitely had the upper hand… but he was kind of happily horrified to realize even he had underestimated just how good he probably was at this point.

The fact that Blaise really doubted he could beat the red head in a duel himself made him almost breathless, a grin hijacking his lips almost before he could stop it.

He couldn’t dwell too long on those thoughts as the intense exchange didn’t halt at all, and the pattern repeated itself a couple more times. Draco launching a series of aggressive and wide-ranging spells and Harry either physically dodging them or summoning/transfiguring objects to take the hit for him while occasionally launching a spell himself at his opponent at far less frequency. The pace was fast and neither opponent was missing openings; given they were both jocks in their own right they both had the stamina for this exchange to last quite a while unlike most others their age.

So far as magical capacity went, Draco had clearly been trained rigorously in the past to be able to keep firing off spell after spell like this without tiring, and Harry… well, given he was now free of blocks that hadn’t impaired him so far this year anyway, no matter how much Draco had ever trained, the Gryffindor still would not be running out of power before the blond did. Probably ever.

It only took a minute of this exchange for the most notable difference between the two to present itself: skill level. They seemed to be matched so far as this duel went, but the types of spells being cast were really telling as the exchanges dragged on. Draco had a huge variety, clearly having successful grasp on everything they’d learned in class so far but also a huge breadth of knowledge beyond school-taught spells as well that he likely learned from his parents or other sources. He was keeping them mostly above-board too, while being watched by this many people and several teachers, so the implication he knew just as many spells of the darker sort was notable.

Not only was his variety impressive, but the speed he could set them off combined with their complexity and instant variation was quite tricky. He was jumping between charms and transfiguration, hexes and curses and spells of all sorts, offensive and defensive casts as easily as the wind changed direction. It was truly the kind of intelligence and skill only a pureblood who’d grown up being trained in magic could display so young, but also the kind of clever complexity only a pureblood raised Slytherin specifically could execute so cleanly, instinctually even.

Draco would’ve been a very formidable foe for most others their year level, one of the better fighters for sure apart from maybe the stronger Ravenclaws and Slytherins in their grade. Blaise recognized that Snape had probably known just how good Draco actually was and had been banking on that actually-quite-impressive skill to shine through and win his godson some points in front of the snake house, rather than be the liability Blaise had originally assumed it’d be.

Snape had a Harry-Potter-sized blind spot though, because despite how surprisingly good Draco was, he wasn’t up against any old Gryffindor and the potions master had made a mistake in thinking this would be an easy win for his godson.

Admittedly, Mr. Monroe’s spells were very one-note, and he lacked his opponent’s trickiness and diversity, even his spell-casting speed was noticeably slower. Everyone could assume at this point that no matter what spell he cast back at Draco, there was a 9 out of 10 shot the attack would be Transfiguration in nature. Predictable things were usually a liability, and being a one-trick pony was a bad tactic in most scenarios.

The thing was, despite managing to get off only one spell for every ten that Draco was bombarding him with, each and every one of those attacks was damn impressive.

Draco had a huge breadth of spells at his disposal, but they were all generally recognizable spells that a second, even third year at times, should be reasonably capable of.

Blaise was looking, but even as he watched the boy like a hawk, he didn’t even recognize half the shit Harry was unearthing to launch at his opponent. The only thing he knew for certain was that it was Transfiguration, it was most likely far above what a normal second year should be able to do, and it was fucking powerful. The amount of magic he seemed to be pooling into each spell was insane, as he watched what should’ve been a normal transfigured bird take three hits from Draco before finally dispelling—transfigured creatures should not be able to withstand magical attacks, which meant the amount of magic Harry had used to create that creature required three times the amount of magical power from Draco to cancel it out.

So yes, he was much slower and far more predictable than his opponent, but it didn’t matter.

And Blaise could only say ‘predictable’ with his tongue in his cheek, because while everyone knew whatever spell he was about to cast was probably going to be Transfiguration, that fact that it was so far beyond second-year skill level that they didn’t even recognize most of it meant knowing that it’d be Transfiguration was essentially useless.

It took about two minutes and honestly too many spells to keep track of for the round to come to a conclusion, but what an exciting finish it was. Draco had clearly picked up on the intense danger associated with Harry’s spells so while he didn’t let up on his constant assault, Blaise could tell the wariness—fear even—of every time Harry lifted his wand to start in on his next attack was getting to him. As it took Harry ten times as long to manage to get a spell off, the comparatively long periods of time Draco had to just wait for it and somehow manage to react in time for the unknown, positively insane attack about to come his direction was eating away at his nerves quickly.

Thus far he’d done an excellent job of responding as his own reaction time wasn’t something to scoff at, and despite the fact he needed to hit Harry’s transfigured creatures multiple times to neutralize them hadn’t made him stumble noticeably. In fact it was genuinely impressive that he could hit a moving target of a transfigured bird or rat or cat multiple times in a row before it reached him, fast enough and without hesitation, even if that would’ve startled the fuck out of anyone else when their first spell failed to do the job properly. Blaise could almost see him try and gather more magical power to try and finish the creatures in one or two spells—but he just couldn’t do it. He didn’t have the magical capacity that Harry did so while it was fine that he’d attempted it just to see if he could, he had the good sense to abandon that tactic pretty quickly.

Draco’s fraying nerves started to reflect in the types of spells he was leaning on, as they started to get slightly more dangerous as if to try and throw Harry off guard or make the red head just as wary of him in return. It failed epically though as Harry continued to calmly dodge harmless tickling charms and debilitating slicing hexes with the same calm, unaffected steps on light, casual feet without seemingly any fear.

The Malfoy heir ratcheting up his spell intensity was ultimately his downfall though, as he launched several blasting charms in a row at his opponent, which would’ve been a very deadly attack against anyone else.

It was almost as if Harry had been waiting for that though, as he dodged the first two—and calmly lifted his wand to intercept the third on dead-on. It was as if a mirror had rippled to life from the tip of his outstretched wand, only the size of a dinner plate and semi-translucent as it flowed, spiraling out into existence like liquid mercury and becoming abruptly solid the instant Draco’s hex made impact with it. The hand-eye coordination needed to seemingly catch an oncoming spell in such a small target area seeming to come to the Gryffindor effortlessly as the mirror reflected the spell without so much as a jolt to the one reflecting it.

It didn’t reflect perfectly but caught at an angle, so that the blasting hex bounced right back towards Draco but downwards, and hit the wooden stage directly between them violently enough that a significant chunk of it exploded into a plume of woodchips and splinters.

Harry’s wand slashed outwards to the side the same moment the spell hit the stage.

Instantly every single last splinter clouding into the air was suddenly a needle, and they launched themselves at Draco who had no chance of deflecting or dodging so many tiny targets. The needles were so thin and silvery in the naturally lit Great Hall that the only reason Blaise even knew they were there was because there were thousands in a cloud, glinting like sparkles from the distance he was, but he’d never have been able to pick them out individually, much less in the split second it took to completely overwhelm their target and make a full pin-cushion out of him.

He heard as the crowd inhaled almost as one before it exploded into cheers and cries of shock, many people suddenly talking all at once about the impressive feat.

Nott put a hand over his mouth silently, blue eyes wide enough to betray his fear.

Blaise clenched his fists automatically, but he couldn’t stop grinning.

That… was really something.

The only downside was that Draco seemed to be fine, unable to move for a second with the needles piercing him in probably a hundred places over his body forcing him still rather than bear having them go deeper, but Snape stepped in immediately to call the point—one wave of the potion master’s wand and the needles were banished and the stage returned to its former state without so much as a crack. Draco seemed to brush it off quickly but was visibly shaken by the shock that attack had been, wiping a small pin prick or two of blood from his cheek as he rolled his shoulders. Harry had been vicious with that one but he still somehow avoided Draco’s head, so his face and eyes were unscathed but despite the needles being invisible from where they were watching in the crowd, going by his posture before they were vanished, a lot had hit his body and his limbs.

Talk about brutal.

‘Magic is the hand the wields it’ after all. That wasn’t a dark spell as turning bits of wood into needles was literally the first thing everyone learned in Transfiguration class, but god damn there wasn’t really a way someone could use that seemingly basic, impractical spell in a more aggressive and deadly way. If he hadn’t purposefully avoided aiming for Draco’s head then needles to his eyes or into his mouth would’ve been the end of him in this duel for sure. Even if Madam Pomfrey could fix that pretty easily, it was still ruthless.

But more than that, Blaise could turn one match into one needle. Harry had just done that a thousand times with one wand movement.

One silent wand movement at that. And that wasn’t even the wand movement they all knew to turn a piece of wood into a needle, it was different and silently cast and multiplied by a thousand of what anyone else their age could do with the same knowledge they’d been taught in class. No one even used that spell once they took the test on it because it was frankly kind of useless in a day-to-day application, it was just supposed to be an introduction to how Transfiguration worked on a small scale.

Harry had turned a useless spell that any first year could do and made it fucking terrifying.

Magic is the hand who wields it indeed, and if Mr. Monroe was that hand then they all should be incredibly cautious of any and all magic he had to show them.

“Oh shit,” Thomas muttered quietly beside him, and while not as terrified as Nott given he probably didn’t quite pick up on the nuances of why that display of skill had been so terrifying, still knew enough to be significantly impressed. “I mean I knew he had it in him, but that’s insane.”

So the Gryffindors acknowledged how aggressive their boy wonder was. Unlike if a snake displayed the same aggression, they didn’t seem to have a problem with it. If a Slytherin had used the same simple spell so ruthlessly, Gryffindor would burn them at the stake as being dark and violent.

But Harry was one of them so obviously it was okay.

Blaise was willing to ignore it this time though because he was now enjoying this duel a lot more than he thought he would. Honestly it’d only be better if he had some popcorn…

“Well we all knew he was a Transfiguration prodigy. That’ll be downright terrifying given time, won’t it?” Finnegan chirped brightly.

“Given time?” Blaise repeated incredulously—like it wasn’t already pretty damn horrifying?

Thomas rolled his eyes. “You sound way too happy about that.” He complained to his friend who just shrugged it off, but at least he could recognize what a problem it would be if Harry got comfortable with the idea that he was strong. “Still, I get what you’re saying now about purebloods having the experience. I had no idea Malfoy had all that.” He, for some reason, addressed Blaise again who didn’t mind as he was hyped by the turn of events here and knew Nott wouldn’t give a shit about his babbling.

He was also pretty amused that the lion was actually complimenting a Slytherin right now. Further proof that Malfoy had gotten too chummy, but whatever.

“It was decent, I’ll admit.” He allowed with a sniff.

“Most of that we don’t learn in class, do we?”

“Obviously not—purebloods learn from their parents and if you had any ambition to be strong you’d learn things on your own time to have the edge. Lame as he is, Draco can at least study seriously, so he didn’t embarrass himself or anything.”

“I think he did a bit more than just not embarrass himself—it was impressive wasn’t it?”

“Says the muggleborn.” Blaise clicked his tongue but true to his suspicions, Thomas just chuckled lowly instead of taking offense to it.

“Suppose I would’ve embarrassed myself then.”

“Most likely.” He drawled but didn’t look away from the stage as the two opponents prepped for the next round. Snape was clearly stalling some to give his godson a moment to recover from that attack—his poker face was an iron wall as always but it didn’t take much to realize he was likely regretting putting Draco in this position as he realized his mistake in underestimating the Boy Who Lived.

Blaise wondered idly why he was still doing that… sure, most of them also dismissed the rumors about the boy as just a fancy title more than someone with actual merit, but it hadn’t taken more than a week tops to realize there was so much more to him than that. So much more threatening about him actually, which was the more important part of it all. Snape seemed to be actively trying not to see or be reasonable about who Harry Potter actually was, and since he was a death eater Blaise was going to assume it was blind prejudice. Which was very lame of their head of house to not be able to overcome that and actually take advantage of it in any way, but he hardly cared about Severus Snape on a good day to give a shit about whatever was wrong with him now.

“Did your assessment of Draco being screwed change at all after seeing that?” Thomas asked him.

“Not at all—he’s still properly screwed.” He scoffed, although this time he definitely meant in terms of winning this duel. “For many reasons obviously but let’s put it in simple terms: Draco’s strongest spell he can show in front of teachers is serpensortia.”

He heard a couple Slytherins and Ravenclaws standing behind them snort in amusement at that, obviously eavesdropping though the Gryffindors beside him tilted their heads.

“What does that do?”

“It summons a snake.”

“…ohhh,” Finnegan finally caught up, rubbing his chin as he evaluated that with new eyes.

Spell types only scratched the surface of why Draco had no chance here, but to dumb it down for the lions it served it’s purpose. In essence: Draco could be as good a Slytherin as he like to think he was, but Harry would still be better. He could summon all the snakes and be as clever as he wanted, and Mr. Monroe would simply take control of those snakes and overpower him in the end, all the while using ‘light’ spells in incredibly dark ways that wouldn’t get him in trouble, while even those blasting hexes would catch Draco some heat on being too aggressive.

There was no way to come out of this smelling like roses, that was for sure.

“Ah… so Malfoy is fucked.”

Blaise coughed to hide the laugh that threatened to bubble up from his chest at Thomas’ succinct interpretation.

He wasn’t wrong exactly.

For many reasons.

With one point to Harry and enough stalling and subtle glares shot the red head’s way, Snape finally relented and backed up to signal the start of the next round. Blaise had to wonder if Draco was getting tired here and knew he couldn’t pull the same trick twice, but was interested to see what he could do even.

He was about to be annoyed when, the instant Snape signaled the next round to start, Draco went for the same tactic as before of launching a barrage of spells at his opponent lightning fast. He was actually surprised though when the variety of the spells vanished, and instead seven stinging jinxes in a row flew out much faster than before.

The stinging jinx was a good choice for speed—its wand movement was just a small, simple little flick and the incantation two syllables. You could churn them out pretty damn fast even if you couldn’t do it silently, and Draco’s speed was already very high compared to Harry’s.

Finally, Harry seemed to actually startle and he stumbled a bit. Not only because Draco had completely abandoned aiming for obvious targets like the head and torso, but because he had tossed his own predictability out the window and was aiming everywhere. The spells were going for not only limbs and feet, for the body and the head, but also the stage right in front of where Harry was standing, over his head, and even purposefully seeming to miss him entirely as if just begging him to step right into it as he dodged the last one.

One might think Draco had been backed into a corner and was going wild in desperation to land a hit, his aim become sloppy because of it, but Blaise easily picked up that that wasn’t he case at all. Harry could read him like a book and Draco knew it now, so his only option was to go wild enough that he wasn’t thinking about where he was aiming, therefore his opponent couldn’t read his movements in time to dodge.

And more impressively, was that it worked.

Compared to how long the previous round lasted, this one was over in twenty seconds tops and it felt noticeably short. Blaise could tell many in the crowd were startled when Harry didn’t even manage to get a single spell off in his defense before he stumbled under this new cadence, and a stinging hex caught him in the shoulder as he tried to dodge it and failed. The force of it combined with his angular movement whipped him around and he fell to the stage floor in a heap, though he sat up in a second looking pissed—seeming more mad he’d gotten hit rather than even acknowledging the painful hit to his arm.

There were cries of indignation but also thrilled cheers to the exciting fight.

Blaise had to clap along with those alongside him as they gave their own audible reactions, kind of stunned that had actually happened.

So… Draco wasn’t a pushover.

That was certainly news to him.

Ah… but he was still an impulsive fool because Blaise could see even from here the sweat the blond had broken out into. He’d just cast no less than thirty stinging jinxes in a row as fast as he could, and it had visibility taken the wind out of him to do so.

Harry, on the other hand, looked completely ticked off and his brilliant red hair seemed to stand up in a frazzled way somehow, like a pissy cat’s dander going up. As he stood and barely acknowledged McGonagall fixing his shoulder, his green eyes were positively on fire with determination as his mind raced over what his next move would be, while Draco was actually panting from the effort he’s just expended.

So, yes it was impressive… but he’d made the red-headed monster angry, so he was still thoroughly fucked.

The last round began without further ado as Snape didn’t give a fuck about letting Harry have a breather, but no one was complaining in their eager desire to see how this would conclude.

And like that they were off before anyone could really absorb what had just happened—and Blaise made an audible noise of glee when Harry completely gave up the ghost and ran at Draco.

Oh please punch him, he begged the universe, even clasping his hands in front of him as if that would work, and while that did in fact not happen, it was still enthralling that Harry had finally switched to the aggressive and was not about to be held back by conventional dueling norms. The stage was long and narrow and while there was technically no rule of how far forward or back you could run, there were marks on the floor signaling where you should, traditionally, be standing.

Completely disregarding those marks he ran forward and Blaise nearly giggled to see how badly Draco startled, panic written across his face that not even Slytherin could fault him for because… come on really. If Harry Potter was running at you then you had no idea what was going to happen and that was fucking terrifying.

Harry got there first, feet carrying him into the middle of the stage before Draco could get one spell off, and with a very loud crack that echoed so sharply in the Great Hall the crowd actually jumped some, he seemed to throw a spell at Draco as if he were chucking a baseball.

To his credit, Draco got a shield up in time, a notably dark leaning shield too. Desperate situations called for desperate measures after all, but no matter what type of shield it was the sheer force and magical power behind the impacting spell flung him back. While he remained standing he flailed back to the edge of the stage as his shield couldn’t absorb the entire force of the impact—which Blaise had not even known was a thing until now. If it’d been a normal ‘light approved’ shield, that spell would’ve ripped right through it, he was sure—and it wasn’t even that impressive of a spell! From what he could see it was only the verdimillious charm, which was a glorified sparkler at best, not a truly offensive spell at all!

Draco instantly reverted to trying to overwhelm him with fast jinxes in panic at how close his opponent had gotten, but he was more tired than before and far too thrown off by the aggressive assault to be near the same level as earlier, and by now Harry had already realized what he’d done and was not about to startle under the barrage a second time. He ducked and weaved as he physically dodged the spells with a lot more intensity on his face than before, so it wasn’t as effortless to him as it’d been in the first round, much less that he was so much closer to Draco and had even less time to react and dodge, but he was still able to do it.

While he dodged, Blaise suddenly realized he was moving his wand.

But not spells were coming appearing he was just… moving his wand? After a second or two he caught on that he was moving his wand in the same motion over and over and over and over…

What on earth was he doing?

Blaise lost count of how many times he did that motion as the red head was never stopped moving to dodge Draco’s assault and slowly making his way closer, light feet nearly dancing across the stage so at not to get hit but still, he never stopped moving for a second like it was the world’s most complicated dance. The way his crimson hair flung around him like ribbons curling in the air around his wild, graceful movements really sold the vision that this was a performance, not a duel.

Blaise was sure no one could look away—he certainly couldn’t.

And then, Harry jabbed his wand forward like a fencer would lunge, a neat arc to his back and back leg straight, hair tossed back like a plume of fire and arm stretched out like he could stab Draco through the heart if only his wand were a sword instead.

“Orchidenemious,”

He didn’t yell it but everyone practically had their breaths held to see what was about to happen, so the large room was quiet enough that his clear, stern voice commanding the spell into existence was heard by everyone.

Blaise felt a chill over his arms as he didn’t recognize the spell at all, but somehow he knew…

Flowers… bloomed into existence.

Thousands and thousands of them actually, every color one could imagine and they flurried like a snow storm completely covering the stage, like each individual petal was alive and wriggling in the air. It spun into a huge plume of kaleidoscope colors as the whole room suddenly smelt like fresh cut grass and wildflowers, smacking them in the face with it’s intensity, and with the enchanted ceiling above them being a clear blue sky it was almost hard for a second to remember they weren’t actually sitting outside right now.

Especially because there was a noticeable increase in heat as the expensive room was laced with one rippling, lazily soft but slightly unnaturally warm breeze.

It moved as one, the cloud of flowers, like a horizontal tornado forming a massive wind tunnel at its target and completely obscuring Draco from view as he disappeared into the mass of flowers. They heard him yell and Blaise had to laugh out loud when the split second later he saw the blond riding the cloud—or more accurately, the plume had swept under him like a tidal wave whisking a rubber duck out to sea. It launched him up and then it all fell—but he landed safely on his back atop a veritable mountain of flowers that finally settled down lifelessly.

A mountain of flowers that was off the stage, actually, which meant the point went to Harry.

Even Snape needed a moment to raise his hand to give him the win, blinking in surprise and too taken off guard by the oddest display of magic he’d ever seen to actively glare for once, everyone else also seeming to be shock for a second or two—

Before there was an insanely loud amount of cheering that made Blaise’s ears hurt.

“Holy shit! Holy shit!” Finnegan and Thomas were ecstatically jumping around with each other, and while he and Nott couldn’t help but agree to a certain point, were a lot more composed. Even if that composure was a level of shock that that had even just happened right now.

Still… Harry had a very proud look on his face, but Blaise saw he’d also broken out into a sweat. That… should not be possible with someone with as much magical power as he had, which meant…

It meant that spell was quite something, whatever it’d been.

Only monsters and red heads are interesting these days… but that might be a tad redundant given that red head was definitely a monster too.

000

Harry hadn’t felt this much adrenaline since his first quidditch matches. Maybe he was a junkie because somehow he’d gotten used to the thrill of flying hundreds of feet in the air with only a broom beneath him and bludgers coming at him from every angle, so it’d been quite a while since he felt this much exhilaration in a good way.

And he loved it.

That… probably said something about himself but he wasn’t really to face that yet.

He was sweating hard, that last spelling having taken a lot more than he’d been expecting, but the satisfaction that it’d gone exactly the way he wanted it to was so sweet he couldn’t stop grinning and his head was light as a feather. Or maybe that was the endorphins…

Fighting Draco had been unfortunate, but at the same time he wasn’t super shocked by it given Snape was involved. Merlin knew what the man was thinking by picking his godson but whatever it was, no matter how much he cared about Draco that wasn’t about to stop him from giving his first honest go at seeing how good a fighter he actually was.

Not the supposed ‘Boy Who Lived’ or any other title or rumor people said about him—he needed to know just what he was actually capable of and how far he had to go when it came to defending himself or fighting off actual enemies. This was his first real shot and no matter if he didn’t want to actually hurt Draco, he also respected his friend a hell of a lot: he knew the blond was one of the most talented people he knew and therefore was actually a perfect person to test himself against as a good metric. So far he’d only ever mock-dueled with a couple first years who posed him no challenge, but this…

This was his marker to know if his personal training was actually doing shit to prepare him or not.

So, friend or not, he’d taken it as seriously as he could without crossing that line into actually maiming or harming his opponent. If he couldn’t win without that control after all, then he hardly considered that a real win.

On the other hand… after Quirrell, after having those memories brought up and confessed to Neville, to McGonagall… it had weighed very, very heavily on him. His training to be able to do magic while moving around and everything else was a constant, but recently he’d also semi-confronted the idea of his own helplessness.

It wasn’t a good mental conversation to have, but indeed he’d started to reflect on it at least a little bit.

Fact was, he was pretty darn helpless against most foes. He liked to act cocky with others his age but against an adult? Against Voldemort?

Ha, no chance.

Last year with Quirrell, even when he’d had a wand in his hand he’d been left without much of a clue of how to—forget win, how to even survive except to break the rules of Transfiguration, which left a bitter taste in his mouth.

He wasn’t Voldemort. He shouldn’t need to cheat to win.

Against Voldemort himself that was fine because the bastard deserved it, but against normal opponents he’d be as dark as the Dark Lord himself if he couldn’t use his talent to fight properly. Without resorting to those brutal, technically illegal tactics. Particularly since McGonagall had taken many hours in this past week to give him personal instruction on how to duel using Transfiguration, and he felt he owed her so much that to be able to do this properly in her eyes was the bare minimum required of him as not only her student, but as the human being she was treating him as.

All that being said… he felt accomplished by this fight in a way he’d never really felt before.

He’d put so much effort into this and, he was pretty sure, he’d actually done it.

Glancing to the side of the stage, McGonagall was actually smiling widely, and gave him a very proud nod. Which, was all the confirmation he needed that oh my god yeah I actually did it!

His heart clenched and he couldn’t help but grin back, before remembering the boy he’d just tossed off the stage and ran the rest of the arena’s length to inspect for himself his friend was alright. He was so light headed from everything that he burst into laughter at the very pouty and prickly look he was getting from below, Draco still flat on his back amongst a sea of sweet-smelling flowers and now glaring at him in that way only he ever managed to be able to.

Something annoyed but fond, insulted but also proud.

Cactus indeed—only he ever manages to look like that, he giggled to himself.

“You alright?” He called instead, not quite managing to wipe the shit-eating grin off his face.

“Sod off.” Came the terse reply as he sat up and kicked at the flowers petulantly, but Harry could see the corners of his lips were itching to smile, if only he wouldn’t lose face by doing so.

Harry really did appreciate how seriously Draco had taken this duel. They’d talked at length about magical combat this year, even before the dueling club was announced, merely because with Harry’s new attitude about self defense he’d wanted to know everything about how witches and wizards traditionally, and untraditionally fought to prepare himself. Draco had been an incredible resource as clearly his parents had trained him well, but actually facing him was a whole other beast in and of itself… and the blond knew how serious Harry was about it even if he still did not fully understand why. The wonderful thing about Draco is that he rarely needed a why… he supported him anyway with no question about why Harry so desperately needed to train himself so intensely like this.

No, he hadn’t really questioned it, he’d just given it his all when he’d seen Harry silently ask him to before the duel started. Harry knew there’d been other things on his mind when Snape called him up, but one pleading look and he’d seemed to set it all aside to fight him all out, merely because he’d asked.

Harry was thankful for it, unbelievably so.

Honestly thank Merlin for Draco because he’d even managed to get under his guard despite Harry trying everything not to let his wild heartbeat get to him, trying so hard to ignore throughout the entire fight how sick to his stomach he felt when remembering the last times he’d ever needed to raise a wand to someone. Harry’s defenses had been so incredibly high in desperation to win and prove all his effort worth it… but Draco had managed to slyly sneak past it anyway with lightning fast spell work and excellent battle sense.

Harry knew, had it been anyone else, he might’ve just curled into a ball on the stage hyperventilating that he wasn’t enough and he couldn’t do this—

Ah.

But it was just Draco.

Just a little stinging jinx that didn’t hurt that much, and just his best friend giving him a decent spar right now. Draco was not about to hurt him, and he respected the Malfoy heir as one of the strongest of their grade so it wasn’t that much of a comment on his own skill, and more so he actually felt some pride at his friend’s proven talent—talent he’d always believed Draco to have, right from the start.

Harry knew that was the only reason he was able to get frustrated about his loss instead, how he was able to stand once more and get fired up for the next round—the only reason his ego and his anxiety did not cripple him at the lost point.

He’d felt a little bad about the needles thing as he thought maybe it was slightly too far, but then again Draco had shown to be a really tricky opponent to deal with and, well…

Match to needle.

It was his first instinct even as a first year who knew nothing, so when he’d accidentally broken the stage and saw all that wood he’d just kind of acted. It wasn’t until he saw how Draco froze in pain, unable to move while literally being pinned in place that he thought he might’ve gone too far—but Snape had fixed him in an instant the same way he’d fixed him after the potions incident. Draco had been shaken but also ready to fight again pretty quickly so Harry hoped he’d forgive him for that. It was a duel after all, that was normal right?

He'd been a little cautious after that though, unwilling to just instinctively hurt someone like that again, so he’d already been toying with non-lethal attacks even after Draco nailed him with a stinging jinx. The pain and frustration at his loss cleared his mind the way his temper always did and he’d gotten the idea for this new spell almost as if it’d simply been waiting for him the same way the improved duro spell for Operation Fox had simply fallen into his lap.

Orchideous was the spell he’d shown Draco back in Diagon, the one where flowers bloomed from the tip of your wand. It was a spell from a joke book, and he was fighting Draco, someone he’d already shown it to so the memory seemed to trigger something for him. It was a harmless spell and he was thankful to be fighting his best friend right now so… why not give him flowers again?

The thing about this particular spell was that, at it’s core, it appeared as if you were conjuring flowers from nothing, but more technically on the Transfiguration side of things you were transfiguring air into flowers. Transfiguration had a ton of blurred lines when it came to things like conjuring and summoning, as those were two inherently different magics while sometimes it appeared as if you were ‘conjuring’ something, when really you were merely creating something from the air itself. It was definitely one of the harder things to do in the subject but Harry had had a lot of practice.

There were only certain things you could create from the physical air around you, and flowers were one of them. Flowers, as he’d already practiced and proven, could easily be transfigured into beetles just the same as buttons could and vice versa—a spell which he was exceptionally good at. So… say he conjured a flower and immediately half-transfigured it into a beetle following the ‘falling’ method he’d invented for duro… then all of a sudden he had a flower with wings he could control as he liked.

So let’s say you did that a couple thousand times… you had quite a large amount of flowers at your disposal.

Potters don’t need to see the broad side of a barn to level it.

Even he couldn’t do it in one go, but his magical core had been burning as if itching for an excuse to go wild ever since Madam Pomfrey had taken off the block, and it had surprised him as he’d never really actively noticed what his magic was doing beneath his skin before, it was always just sort of there. It did what he wanted when he wanted it to, it just was… but to actually feel it bubble like lava in his stomach was a new, thrilling, kind of itchy feeling like he wanted to burst out of his own skin.

He wasn’t stupid so he’d immediately informed Madam Pomfrey of the feeling, but luckily she relented that because of what he’d already done last year, his core really had simply matured or grown larger than what his physical body could normally take. So he was still in a twelve-year-old body but he’d stretched his core to be able to do fourth-year level magic and now that he’d spent several weeks not doing that, it was all cooped up like one’s legs would be if you sat cross-legged for 24 hours straight.

And the only way to really stretch magic that was feeling a bit restricted, was to use it.

Given the go ahead to stretch his wings so to speak, and recognizing that he needed a lot of power to pull this spell of properly, he’d decided to fall back on his ‘falling’ strategy once more.

Honestly, in hindsight there was no reason he should’ve thought this would work. He’d never tried it before, he’d just assumed that it would work given how he’d used it before, but really it was just a wild guess that this was actually how magic worked and somehow he’d been right. Which was a relief because he might’ve died of embarrassment if he’d done all that running around and waving his wand about only for a grand total of nothing to happen in front of all his classmates—heaven forbid he never would’ve lived that down.

He hadn’t really questioned that it would work at the time though, and looking back he was abashed at his own baseless confidence, even if this time it had worked out.

His ‘falling’ method of performing a spell was useful in that if the start and end of a spell was point A to point B, anything could happen between those two points and the spell didn’t nod need fall in a straight line down, which meant he could get as creative as he liked in doing whatever between starting at point A and ending up at point B. McGonagall hadn’t been lying in that the potential uses were endless, even if not everything he tried always worked, he could still keep trying almost indefinitely and still stumble upon things that did work eventually. It did get boring so he had a ton of uses already for the improved duro spell, in which he could now turn things into not just ‘stone’ as the original spell was phrased, but into all types of stone—he could use one spell but end up with porcelain, pumice, marble, granite, and even things like salt and chalk! Literally any type of stone he could think of he’d found a way to use one spell to do it all, and though he was still working out how to make that useful, it was at least promising that he could start to do it with any other spell someday too.

He'd even used it in this very duel by turning the bird he’d launched at Draco into a very fragile, delicate obsidian that shattered violently when blasted apart, though he was sure most people thought it was a type of glass.

Actually, is obsidian a type of glass? But it’s also a rock? I’m gonna need to look that up…

In any case, his instinct about orchideous was that it would also work the same way he’d proven duro could, meaning he could start and finish the spell in the same place, but he could also take some creative liberties with what happened between point A and point B. In this case, he needed to cast a modified orchideous which meant altering the pattern between start and finish, but he also needed to cast it about thirty times to get the right amount of flowers he estimated he needed to swallow Draco up like he imagined. I mean technically he was actually grafting two spells together, orchideous which ‘conjured’ flowers and a modified scarabaeibus which would turn a flower partially into a beetle to give it wings. Except following his ‘falling’ principle, he could ‘start’ orchideous to conjure the flower, perform his partial scarabaeibus in the middle of it, then ‘finish’ orchideous all in one motion to make it appear that he was conjuring a winged flower from nowhere.

But he didn’t want to stop there, because he estimated he could create maybe forty to fifty flowers per spell, which wasn’t nearly enough, and if he just had flowers hanging out around him while he built up the right amount then Draco would have time to see what he was doing and try to counteract it. He couldn’t multitask in controlling the winged flowers to avoid attacks while also creating more, he didn’t think, so he needed them to become visible to Draco all at once and launch them all at him before he could stop them.

Again, there was no way he should’ve expected it to work, but somehow he just… knew it would. Maybe he’d reached a level of Transfiguration that he knew he knew things, but he’d forgotten how he knew things at this point, his base knowledge had simply gotten out from under him and made conclusions for him before he could stop and think about how it was he got there. Whatever the reason for his foundationless confidence, he’d still acted on it in the end, which meant he had instinctually started to ‘chain’ his spells together.

Anything could happen between point A and point B, and he was already inserting an entire spell right into the middle of another spell to combine them. Was there then any limit to how many spells he could shove into the middle of another spell?

He figured, not technically. The limit was how much magical power he had to pull it off, and as no one ever let him forget it, he had plenty of that.

So he’s started changing as he dodged Draco’s attacks, doing the wand movement of his new spell that created a winged flower, but he never actually finished it. He just ‘started’ the spell over and over and over… and over and over and over and over…

Honestly he’d completely lost track of how many times he did it as it became an automatic hand movement he was doing while mostly focusing on dodging Draco’s jinxes. After what had to be a full minute of doing it though he’d really begun to feel a severe drain on his magic, which was an entirely new feeling for him.

He’d pushed… not wanting to not have enough flowers for his attack but also being cautious of magical cores going boom that everyone around him had been unsubtly hinting at. He didn’t want drain himself completely and lose control of the spell, but it was kind of fascinating as he pushed and pushed, to feel how each new performance of the spell sliced away a little more of his magical stamina until it was actually very noticeable that he didn’t have much left in reserve to be doing this. Never once had he ever felt a lack of magic or been tired like some of his classmates were at the end of a rigorous class, but now he realized exactly what they must’ve been feeling—it was super weird.

As a sweat broke out over his brow he realized he should call it here, enough flowers or not. It only took a moment to find and opening and finally finish the spell with a countless amount of spells shoved inside of it—and the effect had been perfect.

He’d never doubted that it would work, but as soon as Draco landed safely on the ground it hit him that that confidence was wild. It actually had worked but… god damn.

Maybe I’m just lucky,

He sighed, wiping his brow of its perspiration and flexing his shoulders some as he got used to the brand new feeling of being magically drained after his whole life of never having this issue before. That was a huge waste of magic he’d just dumped over his best friend in the form of flowers, but he couldn’t think of a better use for it.

He grinned and as he relaxed the flowers faded back to nothing, back the air they’d once been as the pure magic holding it all together dissipated and the room flushed thickly with the scent of flowers once more before also slowly dispersing. Draco huffed as he got up from the stone floor now, dusting himself off but giving him a wry look as he chuckled and hopped off the stage.

Lockhart was saying something really loudly and probably talking about how famous he was again, but Harry could not give a fuck about him right now as he looped his arm in Draco’s to pull them back through the crowd. He vaguely recognized McGonagall and Snape were trying to regain control of the very excited crowd of second years to continue the duels, while Lockhart was in no way helping and instead hyping them up more, so thankfully they could slip away from the stage finally.

“You okay? For real though,” He asked Draco quietly as everyone they passed gave a loud cheer or tried clapping them on the back as they parted way for their retreat.

Grey eyes flashed him a slightly warmer look that showed his amusement beneath the pouting front he had on.

“What do you think practicing this healing factor is even for? They’re already gone.” He brushed it off, showing him his wrist and Harry felt bad to see small streaks of blood here and there where the needles had once been, now vanished but the pinpricks of blood left behind now dried and smeared across his skin. True to his word though, Harry realized there was no active wound.

Well that’s a relief.

He blew out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding, grabbing Draco’s wrist tightly as if to reassure himself, to which the blond just gave him a subtle smile back as they returned to their original seats.

“Congrats Harry!”

“That was so cool!”

“Well put Malfoy as well, I have to say!”

The Gryffindors cheered and Draco tensed a bit to actually be complimented by a lion but chose to remain blank and not really acknowledge it. Harry accepted their cheers on both of their behalf instead to cover, flashing them all an abashed smile and thanking them for their accolades.

“Thanks everyone—it was a lot of fun! Kind of terrifying too though,” he only half joked, catching the incredulous look Blaise shot at him. Also, Blaise was sitting with the Gryffindor… what?

“You don’t say?” Nott mumbled sarcastically off to the side though his sharp hearing picked it up.

Harry was more distracted when Blaise seemed to unfold himself like a jungle cat ready to pounce on him and he considered that far more in need of his attention for now—mostly his caution actually, not just his attention.

“You stabbed him with needles then showered him with flowers. Do make up your mind on if you actually want the boy dead or not, dear.” He cooed, sweet as honey but the sharpness hidden beneath it not missed.

Harry just rolled his eyes, gripping Draco’s wrist a bit tighter behind him as if to reassure he was still there, and snow-cold fingers twisted to squeeze back.

“My first thought was to turn the stage into porcelain, but I didn’t know if I wouldn’t just crash through it too nor how not to get myself injured as well while doing it.” He admitted with a shrug, deflecting away from the fact this duel had been against Draco specifically… for some reason he wasn’t fully comfortable with that line of conversation and would rather talk tactics instead. “Besides, orchideous is a fourth-year spell I just learned, so I was trying to show off for Professor McGonagall a bit, I think.”

“That’s not the spell you said though.” Theo immediately pointed out with a frown, damn observant as always and unwilling to let things slide.

“No, I fixed it a bit for my purposes. Normal flowers don’t have beetle wings.”

He said it like it was obvious but then he realized literally everyone was just staring at him now.

Seamus suddenly shook his head and muttered something Harry missed, but Blaise leaned all the way forward to get into his face which forced him to give the tall Slytherin a warning look for whatever he was up to.

Thankfully the Zabini didn’t start shit, he just gave him a narrowed, unpleasant look that he normally reserved for Daphne.

“You… really are a weird one.” He decided succinctly.

“Thanks Blaise, love you too.”

“Flowers with beetle wings?” Dean tilted his head curiously, and Harry shrugged it off immediately.

“It’s magic. Anything should be possible.”

“That’s not how magic actually works though.”

“Lame.” He huffed. “You just need to be more creative is all!”

“I think the world would’ve ended long before now if everyone was as creative as you.” Blaise sneered, tone implying ‘creative’ was somehow a scandalous word. As if Blaise himself weren’t the walking, talking, human definition of scandalous.

Wizards, honestly.

Draco nudged his side to catch his attention once more, inclining his head to the main point here.

“Seriously though. Summoning and conjuring charms are fifth-year material, so you summoned flowers only to transfigure them into flowers with wings?”

“Sort of, though not technically,” He relented, seeing they were all genuinely intrigued—particularly the Slytherins and he didn’t really need an excuse to talk Transfiguration to be honest. Most of the time they were actually telling him to shut up, so it was actually a refreshing change of pace.

“Summoning and conjuring is still a bit above my level, but orchideous doesn’t really conjure flowers out of nowhere, it’s actually transfiguring the very air around you into the flowers. The real intent of the spell is to create a bouquet at the end of your wand.” He held up his wand to make the point and out bloomed several gorgeous blossoms on its tip. Huge white lotus flowers with bright yellow stamens—he hadn’t made these earlier as they were much too large but now he could flaunt his skill easily on this relatively small scale compared to what he’d just done.

He didn’t even realize he hadn’t said the spell out loud during this demonstration, but the Slytherins sure did and shared brief looks over his head.

He continued, “I essentially created a ton of flowers with wings from the air itself, so no conjuring involved. Although technically it isn’t purely orchideous but I also threw half of a scarabaeibus in there too, so it was like one and a half spells done in the same motion.”

“One and a half?” Theo blurted out incredulously, being awfully chatty for being in close proximity to Gryffindors, but perhaps it was just the fascination—or disbelief—about what Harry was talking about.

“Scarabaeibus is a button into a beetle or vice versa, but you can do it backwards and also not with a button but a flower instead. If you turn a flower into a beetle but stop halfway in the transfiguration process, you end up with a flower with wings. So… half a spell as I only had to start it but not finish it to get what I wanted.” He shrugged, both annoyed but also kind of flattered that they were staring at him like he had a second head. He was proud of his Transfiguration skill, what could he say?

“Several thousand times simultaneously?” Draco deadpanned, only half amused.

“I’ve transfigured more than a million beetles at this point; they’re great practice material. It came naturally.” He flippantly deflected the unspoken accusation that he was crazy for this magical development.

“You know I hate to agree with Blaise on anything, but you really are a weird one.” He commented lightly and Harry would’ve been more indignant over it if his grey eyes weren’t soft when he turned to make a face at his teasing.

They didn’t get a chance to say much more as the rowdy crowd finally settled down and McGonagall was primly calling up new students for the next duel. They just took their seats again, and although people kept leaning over to congratulate the two of them on the wild show they’d just put on, Harry was relieved to finally sit back down again with Draco safely by his side.

It turned out well, he thought.

He’d wanted to test himself and… in a way, he felt he’d made progress. He’d changed, he’d improved… and this showed he still had a long way to go, but all this effort he’d been putting in… it was working.

He couldn’t help but yawn though as they settled down to watch the next duel, Draco leaning comfortably into his side and the relief that everything had worked out soothing the tension he always seemed to carry around with him. On top of all that, he also realized he really was tired from how much magic he’d just expended on that fight… maybe there was something he could do about that…

He was so wrapped up in his own self-satisfaction at his victory, that he failed to notice the group of sixth-year Gryffindors grouped behind him with dark frowns on their faces.



Chapter End Notes

By far the most popular people to pick songs for seems to be Theo and Blaise--not that I blame yall, they're fun.

My picks for Blaise are:

People I Don't Like by UPSAHL

DICTATOR by Rei Ami





Chapter 57: Book 2 : Envy : 24


Chapter Notes

Ah, this may be a controversial one again.

Once more, thank you to those who simply stop reading if you don't like it, I really don't need a comment about it.



See the end of the chapter for more notes



“Apologiesss, we have not ssseen anything like that.”

“Our memoriesss are not that long though,”

The snakes painted into the fourth floor portrait were apologetic enough, although the maiden sitting beneath the tree they were nestled in seemed oddly perturbed at their hissing, much less that Harry was talking to them. He was finding that paintings definitely had a bit of personality from whatever the subject matter was, however typically if a snake or two was painted in, it was usually for decoration and lacked any amount of personality or memory. Not that it was too surprising, as the painter was likely not a parselmouth and thought snakes to be, you know, snakes, so had painted them with boring, slightly dumb, animal-like personalities.

He was a little bummed as he’d had different iterations of this same conversation about forty times now and despite how many paintings and portraits Hogwarts had, they were almost out of ones with snakes in them.

He sighed audibly.

“Don’t worry about it, thank you anyway.”

“I mean I’ve been looking at the stonework but I don’t see any snakes carved there either.” Dean offered, at this point able to tell from Harry’s reaction what the snakes had said even if he couldn’t speak parseltongue himself. He was craning his neck as they walked to get a good view of the intricate architecture of the castle, the arching ceilings and various types of carved features here and there, of which there seemed to be many styles and types throughout the halls, clearly done in different eras throughout the thousands of years this castle had stood.

“Me neither,” Seamus agreed, splitting the load to check out the baseboards and carved stone tiles on the floor through their journey. “Come to think of it, Slytherin hasn’t been a popular guy in centuries. If he did carve snakes here and there, I bet a lot got destroyed over time.”

Harry groaned, hating how realistic that sounded. Some young, reckless Gryffindors of years passed would definitely take a blasting curse to a carved snake, particularly if it were enchanted to move like the mantle snakes had been. Also now that they’d been paying close attention to the stone floors and hallway, it was very obvious that not all of Hogwarts was as old as the original foundation, as large portions were clearly renovated throughout time, even if those renovations were hundreds of years ago at this point. There were seldom few places that Salazar Slytherin’s original carvings would be entirely intact.

“So this was a massive waste of time.” He complained to no one, glancing around the empty hallway they were in.

“Well we at least tried—would’ve been a loose end if we never gave it a shot,” Seamus shrugged. “The original plan was to wander around to see if you heard the voice again and that was never guaranteed to work.”

“Guess you’re right…” He sighed again, continuing the walk down the hallway and searching his brain for any place they hadn’t checked yet. The dungeons and most of the west towers seemed to be the oldest parts of the castle where what they thought the original stonework seemed most predominant, but they’d already scoured that. The dungeons were actually first on this list given near the Slytherin dorm seemed the most likely for surviving snake carvings to be and was where he’d heard the voice before. It hadn’t turned up anything this go round though. “I wonder where Biscuit went,” He hummed and chose to ignore the scoffs his friends gave behind him.

“I still can’t believe you named him Biscuit.”

“What are you, Hagrid?”

“Oi!” He whipped around to stick his tongue out at them. “Hagrid calls terrifying things cute names—Biscuit really is harmless, I’m telling you! He’ll be so put out that you’re making fun of him like this!”

“Oh yes, please tell him I apologize,” Seamus deadpanned and quickly dodged Harry’s attempt to swat at him.

The other part of this search was to check out the passageways the mantle snake had told him about, and to do that he’d decided to practice his serpensortia a bit… and much to his delight, the same snake that Mr. Malfoy had conjured weeks ago now had reappeared. Harry was sure it had to do with his mental image of what he was trying to conjure somehow creating the same snake, but as they were already aquatinted and he realized he could keep summoning the same snake as often as he wanted, he decided to give his new friend a name.

He thus dubbed the gleaming, dark blue snake Biscuit and sent him off to check out if he could slither his way into those secret passageways collect some intel on them. Though he wasn’t sure if Biscuit would remember details from the last time he was summoned if Harry let the spell lapse, so he really had to find him again before it wore off.

“It’s getting late, we should probably head back to the dorm in a bit. Pretty much every teacher saw us wandering about by now so half of them probably suspect we’re up to something.” Dean offered that bit of sage insight and for some reason Harry felt like he was being called out personally even if he hadn’t said it in so many words.

Glancing over his shoulder at the guy and seeing his smirk, he scowled because he was absolutely getting called out.

“I’m not that much of a troublemaker Dean. When have I ever been out after hours?”

“I dunno, you just give the vibe that you would in a heartbeat if there was something interesting enough to skip curfew for,” He shrugged far too innocently, still pretending to look at the ceiling for any potential snakes despite them having gone down this hallway twice already.

Seamus didn’t even pretend to be nonchalant and laughed loudly.

With a grumble Harry just stomped away, pretending not to see Neville’s silent, but really amused grin as he followed suit.

“After all this, I’m kind of hungry though. You think the twins will have brought snacks back?”

“At this hour good luck, I doubt there’ll be any left even if they did.”

Harry paused, tilting his head as he realized they were still pretty low in the castle, so the kitchen entrance the twins once told him about was only a couple halls away. His only hesitation was…

He shook it off immediately. There was something unsettling about his apparent distrust of house elves—he knew damn well why but… he’d also met Turel and heard more about them by asking innocuous questions at the Slytherin table here and there. Dobby had been… odd.

Not normal.

An outlier.

He stopped walking, trying not to let it show how uneasy he was about it, but he was kind of hungry too and had been meaning to get over this at some point. Besides, he had all his Gryffindor mates around him right now, so if he couldn’t be brave with this crew then he didn’t deserve to be in the lion’s house, probably.

“Actually… the twins told me how to get into the kitchens. It’s not far if we wanted to check it out.” He offered, turning and ensuring his face was as neutral and casual as he wanted to appear to be.

“Wait really!?”

“And you’ve been sitting on this information how long?” Seamus accused, mostly playfully since he now seemed way more excited about a late night snack than anything Harry might’ve been hiding.

“No comment,” He dismissed, intending to never actually give voice of why he hesitated so long to do this. He was kind of a mess at the time so he didn’t think when he’d trauma dumped all over Neville a couple weeks ago he’d actually voiced out loud ‘oh yeah on top of all this I’m also kind of distrustful of house elves now’ since it seemed… petty? Unimportant?

Like yeah, it was a hangup he had, but also he had more important hangups to actually worry about in a day. This one seemed stupid even to himself.

Particularly because despite having not enjoyed the entire experience of being trapped at Malfoy Manor, Turel had not been the worst part of it by far. He wasn’t quite sure what was clouding his judgment right now, but the excitement of his friends and the promise of a late night snack was motivation enough to at least try.

He lead the way to the painting the twins had described, and tickled the pear. Even being so long in the magical world he still sometimes felt like an idiot doing weird things like this, but it passed in a moment when the entire painting swung forward at invisible hinges to let them slip around it (bit weird they needed a door five times the size of Hagrid to let creatures that barely came up to his knee in and out, now that he thought about it).

To say the scene was overwhelming, might’ve been an understatement.

Approximately a hundred elves all turned to them with huge, really inhuman eyes blown wide at the sudden arrival of some human children, and Harry felt every hair on his body stand on end like he was a cat.

And then they were all running at them in a huge mob—and it was only the fact he backed up right into Neville bodily when he reeled back, making both of them stumble awkwardly, that prevented him from fleeing the kitchen immediately.

“Misters!”

“What is young ones doing down here so late!?”

“Would you like some tea?”

“Crumpet, sirs?”

“Yous is Gryffindors?”

“You’re out very late Misters!”

“Is there something yous be needing sirs?”

“Oh Merlin there’s so many,” Seamus eyes were spinning in his head too as he tried to take in the chaos going around but being unable to focus on any one thing with so many tiny beings speaking to him at once, but he had a big grin as he accepted the cup of tea that had materialized before him politely. “Oh thanks! My name’s Seamus by the way,”

“Hello Mr. Seamus!” Three house elves nearest him chorus with big grins, clearly pleased to make his acquaintance.

Neville’s hands on his shoulders and watching Seamus beam down at a cluster of little creatures that barely came up to his knees made Harry realize the… ridiculousness of this all, actually.

“You good?” Neville righted him awkwardly and Harry brushed it off quickly, glancing around and trying to absorb the chaos as quickly as possible. It wasn’t as easy as doing it in Gryffindor tower though.

“Yeah… not exactly expecting a full army of them honestly,”

“No kidding. They say Hogwarts is the largest employer of house elves, given the size of this place.” He allowed, not seeming to notice anything with his friend’s behavior. He was probably attributing his jumpiness to any one of his other issues (of which there were plenty to choose from, honestly) and Harry was just going to let him do that.

As he turned, looking for something to focus on that wasn’t the wriggling worms in his stomach, he had to do a double take at Dean.

Who, in the approximately ten seconds they’d been here was already sitting in a tiny chair by the fire across the room, mug of something in his hand already and happily picking out his favorites on the tray of salty snacks being presented to him—two elves holding the tray above their heads, on their tippy toes.

“Isn’t he a muggleborn? How is he not more startled by this?” He blurted out, incredulously.

“Nothing ever bothers him, particularly not when promised food.” Seamus rolled his eyes, seemingly suspiciously used to being abandoned but his self-proclaimed best friend in favor of snacks. Harry had not known this about his roommate and made a careful note of that given Christmas was coming up fast.

Also, it was very hard to take this as seriously as his nerves wanted to when Dean had his face full of crackers already, clearly more focused on the cheese cubes in front of him than the house elves handing them to him.

I mean he is the tallest of our year so far, maybe it’s a growth spurt, Harry allowed, although he was kind of thinking maybe this was also just him too.

“Would yous be liking something to eat as well, sirs?” A house elf jumped and waved its little arms to grab their attention again out of the crowd of elves still grouping around them. “We have snacks or full meals, salty or sweet? Maybe just some tea or hot chocolate?”

“There’s pumpkin juice as well!”

“Or butter beer!”

“Coodey that’s too much before bed!”

“Oh, sorry sirs…”

“Do you guys have anything left over from supper tonight? I really liked that Shepard’s pie we had.” Seamus wondered, immediately getting swarmed and dragged over to where Dean was for a seat by a dozen tiny hands gently prodding him.

“Ah! We can makes you a brand new one!”

“That’s alright, I don’t need that much-”

“Sit here and we be right back Mr. Seamus!”

“Oh—well—thank you then,” He chuckled, letting it go.

“Anything we can get you Misters?”

“Um… just some tea,” Neville smiled down at them kindly and literally two seconds later they were pouring some for him that he thankfully accepted. Harry wasn’t really hungry so he was kind of about to do the same thing when an elf ran right up to his side and offered him a bowl almost pointedly.

“For you Mr. Potter sir!”

He blinked, doing yet another double take at the colorful candy being presented to him—normally Hogwarts only ever had this out the weeks leading up to Halloween, so it was pretty unseasonal to see actually.

“Candy corn?” He blinked, but he did accept the bowl without thinking because… well, candy corn was great. Probably too much sugar for right before bed so he wouldn’t eat too much but heck yeah.

And then he realized how weird this was and looked down at the little elf smiling up at him, startled.

“Wait a second, do you know me?”

“My name is Nodky, Mr. Potter sir! I works in the mornings when everyone else is preparing breakfast, for the early risers.” The elf explained cheerfully and Harry reeled back in surprise.

Of course… from the beginning, when he woke hours and hours before everyone else and even to this day now that he was up a bit later with Neville, tea and small snacks would always appear to tide him over until breakfast was served. He’d obviously assumed it was the house elves, given it would magically appear at his elbow whether he was in the Great Hall or the Gryffindor common room, but it had never crossed his mind it was the same elf for the past year and a half now.

He hadn’t questioned it when he got candy as a side with his tea at five in the morning right before Halloween, but in hindsight Nodky had learned his preferences somehow and since he was only on ‘early riser’ duties apparently, that meant he knew Harry’s preferences specifically. Also, given that he’d been on potions to help his magical core issues for the past several months and they always appeared specifically in his goblet and not someone else’s during meals in the Great Hall, it would make perfect sense there was one specific elf assigned to him and watching his meals and potion intake. Madam Pomfrey had even warned him she’d know if he didn’t finish one of his nutrient potions, and he was now realizing he was stupid to not realize she had employed an elf to spy on him and what he ate.

He felt abruptly bad that he’d literally never given this possibility a thought before now, when Nodky had clearly been babysitting him this entire time he’d been at Hogwarts.

“Oh my god thank you—I had no idea. The morning tea is really appreciated you know,” He told the little creature, who seemed to vibrate in excitement at the praise.

“I’m glad sir! If you’d ever like something in particular just call my names! There are only a couple early risers and I’m happy to be helping!”

“Thank you Nodky, that’s very kind of you.”

The elf seemed to vibrate with excitement and bounced around. “We have treacle tart here as well if you’d like some!?”

Another one of his favorites—so Nodky really did know. For some reason Harry was just warmly fond about it instead of perhaps more concerned he’d unknowingly been stalked by an elf. Particularly given his history.

“I probably shouldn’t have too much sugar before bed—maybe I could have a bit of that Shepard’s pie Seamus is having?”

“Right away sir—comes and sits!” Nodky lead the charge happily and the other elves parted way for him taking charge, much to Harry’s amusement.

This… was not nearly as bad as he’d been fearing it’d be, and honestly he felt a little silly for putting it off so long. He also felt kind of thankful to have met Nodky, in a weird way: it felt better for there to be a person behind his meals if that made any sense. It was more comforting, somehow.

“We can’t stay too long, it’s almost curfew,” Neville pointed out but still sat beside them at the tiny table by the fire the elves had already set for them.

“We’ve got a bit of time, it’ll only take us like ten minutes to get back to the tower if we eat quickly—” But Dean was suddenly uninterested in soothing Neville’s worries when the elves set down a new dish of steaming Shepard’s pie and immediately heaped it onto their plates.

Harry snorted, blowing on his own serving since it was piping hot before tossing Neville a wink.

“If we’re late and get caught, we’ll just blame Dean’s growth spurt.”

“Yeah, I’m sure someone like Snape will buy that,” Seamus rolled his eyes, but then watched Dean completely demolish the entirety of his serving and record time and reconsidered. “Actually… maybe he will.”

With warm food and good company, Harry suddenly felt a lot more at home in a kitchen than he had since coming to Hogwarts.

000

“For Merlin’s sake control your owl!”

“Aw, she didn’t mean it, she was just saying hi,” Harry defended his lovely snowy pet as she fluttered away from Draco’s flailing arms in defense of his own. And owls didn’t really have expressions exactly but by the way Bastian was on Draco’s shoulder and leaning into his owner, he probably would’ve been cowering if owls could do such things.

“She’s a menace!” The blond cried indignantly, shielding Bastian the best he could although the bird was comically larger than the average owl, so it was pretty useless.

Hedwig nipped at Harry’s ear as she settled onto his own shoulder.

“Don’t worry Hedwig, you come by it honestly.” He stroked her feathers soothingly like she wasn’t the bully in this situation.

Draco gave him a narrow look, but ended up just rolling his eyes in resigned exasperation.

“Bastian, you’re like triple her size—just whack her next time.”

“Don’t do that!”

“She has it coming!”

Hedwig chimed in with a light cooing sound as if she agreed with the blond. Bastian just took off out the owlery window before she finished, and Draco slumped in defeat against the windowsill.

Harry couldn’t help but laugh as he fed her some treats, which she happily accepted. “That’s my girl, you tell him…”

“I hate you so much. Bastian is the victim here!” Draco pushed off from the window to walk back over and hand him the letter that was the original purpose of this entire game they were playing here.

They still sent letters to each other despite being in the same castle, picking up the habit from last year… somehow surviving the months long break they’d had over the summer. They… had not yet retouched their journals since the school year started, despite there being a decent amount of pages left in them. Blood didn’t come out of enchanted paper like that so while Harry didn’t know what Draco had done with his, Harry’s own copy was at the base of his trunk. While he couldn’t throw it out, he wasn’t intending to write in it again.

Hence the letters game had started again, and the slower pace felt nicer in a way. If he wanted to go back and forth with Draco then he’d find his way down to the Slytherin common room and speak to him face to face. Their letter volley was much slower and less like they were looking for an immediate reaction to their words, more like they were trying to express everything that wasn’t so easily said out loud or brought up in normal conversation, putting it onto paper in hopes the other would read it and be able to put it together.

Harry had… tried to tell Draco some things, but it never really felt like it came out right. He could at least admit that the potion that roasted him had fucking hurt like a snitch and about the scar on his cheek and all that… but not so many details that he knew the blond was sorely lacking. He wasn’t quite sure what his hang-up was but he found himself talking about any and everything with Draco except some really important points that…

Well, maybe someday.

Maybe one day when he was writing one of his letters the words would simply come to him and spill out onto the page and it will be done. The hurdle of just… just telling him seemed insurmountable when looking into grey eyes right in front of him, so he kept writing letters and maybe one day it wouldn’t be so hard anymore.

If anything, he had faith Draco would wait for him while he figured it out.

It was a comforting thought, and these days he could smile properly as he accepted the letter he was being handed, although he was rather curious about it. Draco had specifically told him to come to the owlery to get this letter himself, and despite them goofing off and trying to exchange letters via owls despite being in the same room, they hadn’t ever hand-delivered their letters before.

“What is it?” He wondered, noticing immediately it was much thinner and stiffer than normal. Draco wrote novels worth of pages, and in hindsight it was a good thing he owned an Eagle-owl to carry those heavy letters constantly.

“Open it and find out—it’s not a howler I swear.”

“Well I wasn’t thinking it was until you said that!” He complained, but dutifully opened it… surprised when the silver, thick-stock paper gleamed very magically up at him.

He blinked, realizing…

“And invitation?” He tilted his head.

Draco’s cheeks turned a light pink, but he coughed to clear his expression quickly. “My family hosts a winter party at Yule every year—or most years I should say. Last year we went abroad.” He explained, and Harry remembered… he had been sad he couldn’t spend his first free Christmas with his closest friends but had still loved the first holiday break at Hogwarts—the first break where he wasn’t required to do chores from dawn till dusk, he should say.

“Wait, I’m invited?”

“Of course,” Draco gave him a funny look, shaking his head in dry amusement. “That’s if you wanted to come. It is at my house,” He pointed out and when Harry tensed as he put two-and-two together, he elaborated. “You don’t have to worry about my mother, we’ve discussed it at length. She’s hosting it for her own reasons and has plenty else to do, and besides greeting you she’s going to be leaving the people I invite to me to handle.”

Harry could tell he had worked hard to win that battle with his mother and whether you could trust her normally didn’t matter—she’d give anything to her son so could believe she would keep her word on it. He at least believed she’d keep her word to her son now that she’d given it so…

He would be tempted… except…

Except… he’d already made plans.

Plans he hadn’t told Draco about yet.

And… out of nowhere, suddenly he couldn’t just lie and say he didn’t want to go—not when Draco had put honest effort into making him feel comfortable at this party if he wanted to accept it. The guy really did not deserve to be lied to in return for his efforts… but Harry wasn’t sure telling the truth would be that kind either.

“Harry?” Obviously, Draco could tell by his face something was off.

“I…” He bit his lip for a second before dragging in a breath quickly. “I didn’t tell you something.”

“What?”

“I didn’t tell you something because I thought… you might not want to know about it.”

“Okay…? And it has to do with Christmas?” Draco just tilted his head, seeming unbothered by this random direction.

Harry winced.

“Remember how we found out about my godfather? Or… godfathers, plural.” He hedged, and watched Draco’s expression flicker—before a calm neutrality fixed itself over his face.

“Sirius Black. Obviously I can’t forget that. Him and…”

“Remus. The werewolf.” Harry swallowed, watching him for any little reaction… but the jerk had really come into himself in Slytherin because he gave nothing away as he just nodded once, and Harry could tell it was 100% on purpose.

“I remember.” Was all he said to acknowledge it.

The blankness was nerve-wrakcing as he had no feedback on what he was thinking right now… but on the other hand it was also kind of nice that there wasn’t an outright rejection either.

“I reached out to him.” He blurted out before he could chicken out, trying not to overanalyze the way Draco blinked rapidly a couple times at that. “I didn’t tell you because… because I know it goes against how you were raised and Slytherin politics and all of it… I told almost no one and Remus promised to keep the fact we’re talking a secret too. I mean I—I care about him after getting to know him, he’s my godfather even if only unofficially. But still… I know, for example, Theo would never talk to me again and everything I did to get Slytherin house to accept me last year would be ruined if anyone knew.”

It all came tumbling out in a deluge of word vomit, and there was something in his throat that made it hard to swallow as he ducked his head apologetically. “I saw your reaction at Gringotts and thought… that you might not want to know.”

Draco just stood in silence for a full minute and Harry let him, trying to keep his own composure so Draco wouldn’t see how nervous he was about this conversation.

And eventually…

“… of course I want to know.” The blond decided, words particular as if he’d given them great thought already and meant every syllable in an articulate, purposeful way. Harry looked up to meet his gaze, daring to hope. He regretted it though when he was immediately flicked on the forehead hard enough that he yelped and clamped his hands over the new red mark he had—probably right next to his hidden scar though Draco didn’t know it. “You don’t need to edit yourself just because of my opinion, idiot. Weren’t you the one who punched me in the face only a year ago for some similar reason? Why would you care what I think?”

Harry forgot the pain on his forehead in an instant as he realized how true that point was.

Except…

He smiled broadly despite feeling the beginnings of tears prick at the corners of his eyes.

“I don’t think it works that way anymore. That was last year, when I’d known you two months… now what you think is a bit more important to me than that.” He admitted, and to his credit Draco kept his composure despite his ears turning a but red. “I didn’t want you to think I was betraying everything I’d built to be able to sit at lunch with you in peace.”

The blond just gave a put upon sigh. “It’s nice to hear, I won’t lie… but I don’t need you to change on my behalf. Although if you could be a tad less danger prone I’d be less stressed.”

“Draco.”

“I’m just saying.”

Harry’s smile slowly dropped as he returned to the point, feeling a bit more confident now that this wasn’t going to turn into a trainwreck or an argument. “I mean I guess all this is to say…I think I’m going to spend Christmas with Remus. And given how I can’t let anyone know what I’m doing or where I’m going, I probably can’t make this party. I’m sorry.”

He apologized, even if technically it was a halfhearted excuse at best. He probably could attend if he left Remus at home and didn’t tell anyone where he was coming from… but he also didn’t know yet what precautions Mr. Greengrass had in place for this holiday trip. He didn’t know if there’d be wards or if being seen at a public event would catch Dumbledore’s attention and have him tracking him back home at the end of the night…

No, it was safer to just stick with Remus unbeknownst to everyone, to stay in the muggle world away from magical eyes and ride out the break. Being with Remus was also part of Mr. Greengrass’ plan somehow, and since he had no details he did not want to rock the boat and ruin something accidentally. Anything that jeopardized his placement this summer couldn’t happen no matter how crushed he was to disappoint his friend like this. One party wasn’t worth it, no matter how much Draco meant to him.

There would be other Christmases… so long as he wasn’t forced to go back to the Dursleys, because in that case he really doubted he’d even see another Christmas, with or without Draco.

Thankfully his friend seemed to understand that the half-hearted excuse had a lot more behind it than he was willing to actually admit right now, and didn’t call him out on it. Instead he just crossed his arms over his chest and gave him a long, muddled look.

“…”

“Draco?”

His thin lips pressed into a twisted line before he gave a weary sigh, seeming to decide something against his better judgement.

“Are you… sure that’s a good idea?”

It took Harry maybe… a bit too long to realize what he was saying.

And when he did it felt like the run was ripped out from under him, and it was only by sheer instinct he managed to remain upright—but he felt really fucking off balance for a second.

And kind of paled in uneasiness, actually.

“You don’t like werewolves.” He realized aloud. Not so much asking… noticing more like, and he watched Draco’s shoulders tense.

“Look, we’re talking about this first, okay? Let’s not…” He shook his head as he fumbled with his words in a way he hadn’t done since last year. “Okay, okay, let’s just… okay, admittedly…no, I don’t. And I did think about it. If it was… how I was raised or… whatever.” His eyes flickered away and the arms over his chest tightened, body language betraying his discomfort. “Look, I’m not going to give you a hard time about not wanting to be around my mother so I’ll call you a hypocrite if you judge me for this.”

He didn’t even snap at him, although Harry could tell at any other time Draco would be spitting something sassily to be cornered like this. Right now… he wasn’t though. He was distinctly uncomfortable but by the way he struggled to meet his gaze, Harry knew he was being honest… and he wasn’t enjoy it any more than Harry had a couple minutes ago.

Fuck.

Maybe he was still in shock about it, but he didn’t get automatically mad either. He did not like it… but his temper remained beneath his skin while his mind raced.

‘Let’s talk about it’, he said.

So… okay.

“I’m not going to say I’m not upset. But… I get it. I think.” Did he? Was he lying right now? How did he even start to being with this!? All he could think to ask was: “Can I ask why?”

Given the opportunity to explain, Draco still didn’t seem that thrilled about it, but he went for it anyway.

“Werewolves are dangerous. Maybe not all the time, but they are. And maybe this one is different, I get that, but that doesn’t change the fact there are a lot of bad ones too. I’m not saying it’s right, but my family in particular has historically been… at odds with darker creatures.” He gave a grudging huff, like even he knew this was bullshit but he didn’t exactly have any other truths available to him right now. “If I’ve learned anything from being in Slytherin it’s that time heals a lot, but not everything, and honestly I don’t think it even should be expected to heal some things completely. Our grandparents could do shit and it’ll still be my problem, right here today with my own peers for what their grandparents did. I get it. I had to think long and hard about it when my family changed alliances, and what that was going to mean for me interacting with people moving forward, given everything we’ve done in the past. We were aligned with the dark for generations, and that will never just go away. Malfoys have done people wrong. Those wronged people are owed their own hatred for us for it.” He stated as if these were inescapable facts… and to him, they were. Not that he was thrilled about it, but he was never going to be dismissive of the potential threat long-held grudges posed to him. He was a Slytherin through and through, he wasn’t that naïve or stupid to think there would never be consequences for not just his own actions, but from the actions of others before him.

Grey eyes finally met green ones as he embraced how unfomfortable this confession was, but knowing he had to be heard anyway. “All of that means, in my head, that werewolves have very real reasons to hate me and my family specifically, for nothing I’ve personally done. That means in return there are very real reasons to be wary of them. I can understand that they may hate us and to me, that means they’ll always be a threat.”

Harry… didn’t know what to say.

“…nothing will ever get better with that line of thinking.”

“There’s also the fact I cannot shake the actual dislike too. I guess not of anyone in particular or because of their disease specifically, but of the sheer bad political choice it’d be to get caught dead consorting with a werewolf. You, given your fame, might be able to get away with it, but considering my goals in life, I never could. And frankly I don’t want to.” He put his chin up in that arrogant way of his, and Harry wilted. “I’m just being honest with you. I can cover for you about where you went so people won’t find out, but my family is way too connected and watched for me to get away with going near him without it somehow getting out. Not without a lot more protection in place, at least.”

He wasn’t wrong—that was the very reason Harry himself was hiding the connection to Remus in the first place. Not only for his own future prospects, but just Draco being friends with a werewolf sympathizer would ruin his own ambitions. At this point everyone knew they were close—if Harry went down, he’d take Draco with him even if he never meant to put his friend in that position.

Obviously Draco was aware of this too, and he still chose to remain friends with his crazy Gryffindor friend. Even now that Harry was confessing he was doing something that would potentially devastate his relationship with Slytherin house and make both their lives hell if anyone ever found out… he was here. He wasn’t running or telling him not to do it, he was accepting that Harry was taking a risk that would impact both of them… he just didn’t want to take the risk himself.

Harry really wasn’t sure what he was supposed to be thinking or feeling right now.

“Thanks.” He started, because… he at least knew Draco had been honest with him, and he appreciated that. “I don’t agree but it wouldn’t change anything.”

He made that abundantly clear though. It wasn’t agreement it was just… tentative acceptance.

“I don’t agree with you not liking my mother. And no, it changed nothing right?” Draco pointed out, eyes finally betraying how nervous he was when the minutes ticked by and Harry hadn’t yelled or had a real reaction yet.

And his point was… agonizingly accurate in an infuriating way.

It was so much harder the other way around… but that was exactly the reason Harry decided that he had to get over it.

“Right. Right that… yeah okay.” He blew out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding, still feeling kind of clammy. “In the spirit of honesty then, I will say that no matter what fears or dislike you have of him, Remus is my only chance to get away from my relatives right now. My only chance at a family, no matter what illness he has.”

“I know.” Draco frowned, his tone extremely heavy… he really did understand the gravity of it.

“And I went with your parents to do the blood test.” Harry felt the need to point out, to which the blond let out a sigh and nodded along.

“I know. I know you didn’t want to, but you did anyway. I can be just as polite if it comes to that, I promise. But that was an extreme situation, I didn’t push it on you I don’t think.”

Harry wasn’t so sure about that, he’d still felt very cornered but… he got what he was saying. Don’t push Remus at him, but the times they had to be in the same room for one reason or another, he’d play nice. He did not hate Remus personally—he just didn’t know the man and had no desire to know him either. In a lot of ways it wasn’t personal at all, but that somehow made it feel uglier.

Given the… horrific nature of it all, this was already asking a lot for the Slytherin who was batting zero, considering he was friends with Harry Potter of all people. Harry had a partial control over the school now, and because of that people were leaving Draco alone… but if Harry tarnished his own reputation and Draco joined him in it, Harry might come out the other side alright, but Draco would be in an even worse position than he was last year. Because he wasn’t just a clueless firstie anymore, he theoretically should ‘know better’ and… and it would hurt his politics a lot more than Harry would ever feel it.

He was suddenly vividly remembering the conversation with McGonagall about his mother’s Slytherin friend… how they had fallen apart. How he’d understood exactly how it could’ve happened.

If Draco was ever caught being even slightly friendly with a werewolf or a werewolf sympathizer, he’d get ripped apart by his own house and… and maybe that would be the tipping point in deciding it wasn’t worth being friends with a selfish Gryffindor who wouldn’t even meet him halfway.

It was the gut-wrenching terror at the idea that he could lose Draco over this that made his decision for him. His hands felt ice cold and it had nothing to do with the unseasonable chill or the windy owlery, lips numbs as he just nodded his head once.

“Okay.”

It was all he could do, and it came out kind of quiet. Not quite defeated but… more gentle than he normally was.

Draco gave him a searching look, as if silently asking him if he meant it.

“Really?”

“Yeah really. I said okay.” He repeated.

He got another look… before his grey eyes softened noticeably.

“…look at us. Communicating and shit.”

Harry couldn’t help the surprised snort that ripped out of him, startled by the spike of humor after such an awful conversation. When Draco chuckled along, arms finally dropping from where they’d crossed and shoulders releasing their tension, Harry couldn’t help but feel washed in a fondness he’d almost forgotten he had.

Without warning he closed the gap and tossed his arms around his friend to hug the life out of him, and if he was surprised, Draco got over it quickly to free his arms to hug him back. It was so cold outside but the cold that sunk into Harry’s robes from the body in his arms was so much nicer, in a way that had nothing to do with the chilly wind.

Despite all the other emotions swirling around his brain right now, he just focused on the person in his arms right now, and the fact he had Draco here with him now. Everything else was secondary, because at the core of it all he couldn’t lose people.

He wouldn’t survive it.

But god damn, it was easy to be considerate of others when you agreed with their values.

To be considerate of someone else’s belief when you fundamentally didn’t believe in them… was way harder than he was expecting it to be, had he seen this coming. Which, he probably should’ve, but the idea that Draco could hold onto the bullshit ideals that, admittedly, most of the wizarding world also held had seemed so impossible to him he hadn’t wanted to give it thought before. He didn’t want to believe it was even possible, because it felt so fucking wrong and he loved Draco so why…?

As a Gryffindor he felt this bone deep need to take a stand and fight for something if he thought it important. To speak out against things he thought were wrong, not to just let shit happen in front of him… but as someone whose best friend was a Slytherin, he also didn’t actually know if this was the hill he needed to die on right now. He just didn’t know if this was a battle that was actually wise to fight right now, since it would probably be the one that cost him the war in the end—and if he lost the war here, he also lost Draco. There had to be a better way to figure this out, but it would take time and planning like everything else worthwhile to Slytherins—he couldn’t fight like a lion right now and win against a snake, it was completely pointless.

Maybe the real reason he wasn’t just jumping into a screaming match right now is because he actually didn’t know what he was supposed to be fighting for—his heart wasn’t fully in it because he had no idea what winning even meant right now. That he got Draco to lie to him and say he liked werewolves when he didn’t? Or did he want to change Draco, his best friend, because he really didn’t like something about him right now?

He felt uneasy and flat just thinking about it.

Realistically, Draco wasn’t going to hate on werewolves or go out of his way to make their lives hard, but he also wasn’t going to go out of his way to help them either. He wanted to be hands off, to stay out of it entirely—which was probably him meeting Harry and is ideals halfway.

What Harry wanted to do was argue with him until he saw sense, but that… that wasn’t him meeting Draco’s ideals halfway. That wasn’t compromise.

He was still kind of surprised how… well, polite they’d been. This easily could’ve been a blow-out fight, given his temper and Draco’s pride… and a part of him still wanted it to be a blow-out fight because he honestly thought he could win that.

However… that wasn’t compromise.

Maybe he would win that fight, but Draco was his friend, and beating him into submission seemed over the line even for him. It probably wouldn’t actually be a victory. Just like going too far in a duel would’ve been hollow, sometimes you had to do it the hard way, the much harder way, to make it worth it.

And as he thought about it, Harry realized… just like the duel, Draco probably knew he wouldn’t win this fight, if it had come to it. But he’d brought it up anyway and silently asked for peace and discussion, trusting Harry to be reasonable and have mercy despite the fact he already knew he was going to hate it.

He would be a terrible, terrible friend if he trampled over him anyway, completely disregarding the trust he’d just showed.

It was just… everything in him didn’t agree. It did not compute how Draco could look at a man he’d never even met and think lesser of him because of something he couldn’t change!? There was prejudice and something disgusting like classicism dripping all over it and it did not compute that clueless, malleable Draco was the one doing it.

Then again, like the Gryffindor vs Slytherin thing wasn’t also pure prejudice and generational trauma? That was exactly what Draco was talking about here: avoidance and getting rid of the hate first was a decent first step even if it didn’t feel like enough. This particular Slytherin was going to mind his own business and let Remus mind his—he was not going to hate him though… and that was… progress.

Progress?

Well, it certainly didn’t feel like nearly enough, but it was progress none the less, maybe. It was one step, when they still had a continent to cross.

Thinking long term though… Draco was the future of the Malfoy family. Even his parents had hated werewolves, and here Draco was making the step to be indifferent about it. His children, the next generations… maybe they’d have a chance at acceptance instead. In a way, it meant more that he was even attempting this, as tradition and heritage meant everything to the snake house, and Draco was willing to change what that meant for his family line by starting today.

It didn’t feel like enough, but Harry also recognized this was way better than the alternative. Draco could’ve decided to stand his ground and start demanding Harry begin to hate werewolves and non-human dark creatures too, and that would never happen. Flipping the script though… Harry realized that was exactly what Draco was willing to do for him now: to change, to make one step, to start believing in something he had never believed in before. For no other reason than that he knew Harry wouldn’t be able to accept blatant prejudice the way he’d shown it before, and despite not being able to rid himself of it entirely, was making a shot at compromise and peace instead.

Despite everything else, Harry couldn’t quite spit on that effort by telling him it wasn’t enough.

It would have to be enough for now, because he decided wrong or right, he wasn’t going to lose Draco over this—he just wouldn’t.

It did further resolve him though. It cemented the fact that he needed to be in charge and he needed to be able to make brutal changes in this world, so bullshit like this didn’t rip people apart anymore—more importantly it wouldn’t threaten to rip his friends from him. Although he didn’t agree, he couldn’t dismiss Draco’s concerns either, so he needed to be strong enough to stomp down those who’d treat others unfairly, but at the same time ready to stop even the past victims from going for blood. Just because Harry agreed with them honestly didn’t mean children of hatred like Draco and other Slytherins were going to be prompted to change if they were just in danger.

Fuck, this was hard.

He didn’t like it at all.

It felt just as wrong as keeping Remus a secret in the first place, the idea of needing to protect the people who’d been in the wrong all this time too.

But… things had changed. He hadn’t realized it until this conversation, but now he could never do what he’d done last year, in punching Draco and walking away without a backwards glance because he didn’t agree… he couldn’t walk away anymore and Harry was not exactly sure when that had happened. He didn’t want to fight, he wanted things to move forward differently because he didn’t want to just throw a punch or a hex then walk away… he couldn’t do it.

Draco was way too important to him to throw him aside just because of one fight.

One disagreement…

And it was a hell of a disagreement but Draco was right… he hadn’t put up a fuss when Harry had confessed he didn’t want to be around Lady Malfoy, and here he was saying he didn’t care for Harry’s own family. He’d only exchanged a couple dozen letters with Remus over the past couple months, he hadn’t even met the man… but Narcissa Malfoy had raised this boy in his arms and loved him dearly, and Draco loved her just as dearly back… and still he hadn’t made it an issue that Harry didn’t want to be near her.

Reasons… the deep seeded reasons he didn’t want to be near Remus aside, though it was so fucking hard to separate the reasons from the action… reasons aside, Harry could not hold this against him. He’d forever be a hypocrite, and the worst kind too—the one that refused to stretch even a little bit for someone he loved. Did you really love them if you weren’t willing to treat them how they treated you?

He needed to shake these thought off before he spiraled, honestly.

Reasons he didn’t like Lady Malfoy, reasons Draco didn’t like Remus… that was a much bigger fight.

What they could do about it now was simple though: he didn’t need to be near his mom and Draco didn’t need to be near his godfather. The two of them were the friends here, and this was their life they’d agreed to spend partially together—everyone else were additional factors neither of them had agreed to if being friends were just another deal that Daphne was making for him. And changing variables after the agreement was a big no-no.

Harry had promised to be his friend… Draco agreed to be his friend back. Draco had never agreed to become a Gryffindor or sympathize with werewolves or anything else.

Harry himself was owed the same thing. He agreed to be Draco’s friend, but he didn’t agree to buy into werewolf prejudice or pureblood rhetoric or consort with the elder Malfoys or death eaters…

It was just so much harder the other way around, and he knew his Gryffindor was shining through in the ugliest way possible right now. It was so much easier to be understanding if you already agreed.

“I can hear you thinking.” Draco commented into his hair, and Harry made a face into his shoulder that he couldn’t see.

“I’m just reaching a balance here,” He complained. “Readjusting and stuff.”

“You’re not mad?” Draco sounded genuinely worried about this as he let go, taking a step back to check his face again as if he could read the truth from his eyes alone.

Harry just gave a very tied sigh, letting him step back but not quite giving up the grip he had on his forearm just yet.

“No.” He admitted, and was a bit surprised at how honest that was. “I think you of all people know how I’m not the most understanding person ever, but I’m working on it okay! Don’t judge me while I get there!” It was half a joke but also not a joke at all.

Thankfully Draco did know that and in fact did not judge him. Instead, he smiled a smile harry had never seen on him before…and kind of took his breath away.

He was just so… so happy Harry was trying… for him.

It really broke his heart a bit.

He really was just a selfish person, wasn’t he? If the one time he was making an attempt for someone else was considered so special that it made Draco smile like the sun was rising just for him today.

“Don’t worry about Yule.” The blond comforted him with a wave of his hand, dismissing that whole thing and giving an encouraging look as he changed the subject. A bit tactlessly, but Harry also eagerly grasped the chance to talk about anything else for now, and think these way deeper thoughts over some other day. “Will you be busy for Easter break?” He asked.

Bit of a weird direction change, but Harry was on board if it meant not worrying a hole in his stomach that he was going to lose his friendship with his best friend over prejudice. Literally anything but that was welcome right now.

“I thought people usually stayed at Hogwarts for that?”

“Usually yes, since most people have plans that can’t be left alone. Besides, it’s not that celebrated a holiday, not like Yule is.” He agreed, but gave a bit of a shrug. “My plans have been going reasonably well though… I think. It won’t impact anything if I stay or go, not this year at least.”

Must be a long, long term plan then.

Harry was curious, but knew better than to ask.

He gave his Easter break a thought and realized he didn’t have much of an answer unfortunately.

“Honestly, I don’t know. I have some errands to run over Christmas break, which is another reason to need to visit Remus—ah!” He burst out, causing Draco to startle visibly for a second at his sudden shout. “I should call him Mooney… that’s his nickname and it’s more secure that way. Since I’ll talk about him to you but for both our sake’s no one should know in case we’re overheard.”

The Slytherin blinked before regaining his composure—not without a wrinkle to his nose though.

“Right… but Mooney?”

“Apparently my dad gave him that name, so it wasn’t either of our ideas.” He rolled eyes. “But anyway, my plans are starting to move a bit and I’m thinking Easter will be about crunch time. I’m actually working with someone and they’re mostly in charge of things for now, so it’ll depend on how fast things pick up. Maybe it’ll be over by Easter, or maybe I’ll need to use that break to assist with it or something—I don’t know right now.” He explained, feeling awkward not going into details, but it was also very par for the course in Slytherin house.

Slytherins made plans. Slytherins very rarely told people about their plans. No one really took their Easter break in that house because that was peak ‘crunch time’ for most plans to come about. Draco hadn’t told him his plans and neither had Harry, but they’d been clear at the beginning of the year they were working on something on their own. Nothing about what he’d just said should be suspicious to a Slytherin, since that was precisely the game they played.

It still felt weird to be actively explaining something without giving any details about why, but technically it wasn’t weird.

Luckily Draco had gotten used to how his house worked, so he clearly didn’t think twice about it.

“That makes sense,” He allowed, not pushing for details which Harry was thankful for.

“Why? Did you have another suggestion?”

“Have you ever been to a tea tasting?”

“A what?” He had in fact not, but he was certainly interested. “Like a tea party?”

“Not at all,” Draco chuckled, “Really high-end teas are sold from specific sellers and you go to tea tastings to check them out. It’s a bunch of people in a room who all taste it, then bid for the volumes they want, as there’s only so much supply made in a year.” He explained and Harry’s eyes got wide at the very tempting distraction this was. “My family always participates as Mother’s teas are really critical to that hosting thing she does—she sends father to do the bidding though, because he knows what she likes and he likes to make connections with the other people who attend.”

It wasn’t hard to see why he brought up Easter break then. “And you wanted to go?”

“Only kind of—just me following my father around would be a bit boring, but I think it’d be fun if we went together is all.” He admitted, ears going pink again as he fidgeted. “Besides, events like this are super common, not just with tea… you’ve been learning about your finances and stuff, and learning the whole ‘bidding for limited supply’ thing is really big in pureblood society, in business in general. I thought you might like to watch how it’s done first since you’ll probably end up needing to do it yourself someday, if you keep your interest in business.”

That… was actually a really, really good opportunity. It sounded like this was how purebloods did a lot of business, how large amount of money flowed—and Harry was sure there were tons of politics shenanigans happening behind the scene. The fact Mr. Malfoy goes himself and doesn’t just send someone to pick up his teas for him with his wallet meant it was much harder than just buying some products, Hell, even the fact that you had this one chance to buy a year’s supply of something… it was clearly a high stakes and critical event. He hadn’t even known something like this existed thirty seconds ago but he already recognized this was a clear window into how a lot of pureblood society ran, and if he was going to get farther in the world he needed to be part of it… preferably now.

It was 90% for the introduction to politics, the connections he’d be able to make and the things he could learn by diving into something like this, but the other 10% was that it was obviously also a really good opportunity to make some serious profit. The Potter name was already quite wealthy, but he needed all he could get to be Minister someday, and it would be nice if he didn’t just deplete his ancestor’s earnings, but also generated something to add to it in his lifetime.

“That sounds really interesting actually… is it limited seating? Since it sounds restrictive.” He asked immediately. Draco was probably right that he needed to visit this kind of event first, and then prepare actively for the next chance he got. Draco could tell how eager he was, but had already assumed he would be when he brought it up, so he just seemed vaguely amused at his reaction.

“Not technically, but there are restrictions on the number of bidders. I think anyone can attend, but you have to have an invite from the seller to actually bid, meaning you have to have a connection to them somehow. You can’t just write to them outright asking to be invited, someone has to refer you and then the seller will need to invite you of their own free will any time there’s something to sell. Which also means you need to be a valuable buyer or you’ll stop getting invites.”

“Wow,” That is some serious pureblood shit. Well, whatever, using it to my advantage for now. “How hard is it to get a referral?”

“Not that hard, almost any pureblood could, and given you’re a Potter the benefits of being the one to refer you would be better than whatever they could get from you.” Draco shrugged.

A reputation boost, huh? That meant he really had to think about who he’d asked to give him the reference. What an interesting power play—and he had all the cards for once!

Draco could see his mind going a mile a minute and offered him a sly smile.

“The main seller for this tea tasting is a Greengrass. Getting an invite isn’t the hardest thing but you do need to trade a bit—it’s not that complicated though, so like interesting texts or even just flat out money can buy you the invite. Events like this are mainly money generators so it’s very common to just buy the invite, but it can be pricey to do it several times a year. It’s not looked down upon to trade favors or artifacts instead though, only if it happens occasionally.”

“So you buy the invite, buy the inventory, buy excess inventory if necessary to ensure you keep getting chances to buy more invites later… the Greengrass family really has the market cornered, don’t they?”

Draco snorted, but had to agree. “On foreign imports, for sure. Tea in particular comes mostly out of Asia—at least the stuff most purebloods bother buying is. Since that side of the world is so isolated even in the magical world, you need to take the trip manually which really only the Greengrass make a business of doing. Most families in Britain don’t even have a single contact on that continent so they really can just do what they want in selling the goods.”

“Some monopoly,” Harry muttered, but he couldn’t help but be impressed. At least Daphne was one of the most reasonable people he’d ever met: her deals weren’t outrageous and while she always got an advantage out of her trades she never returned anything less than perfectly fair for what was being exchanged. If that was the tendency of her whole family, who obviously cultivated that reputation very much on purpose in order to secure safe business partners, then Harry bought into it immediately. He’d drop quite a few galleons in the name of securing his future political career with full faith whatever he bought from them was worth the money.

“Tempted?” Draco prodded.

“Very,” He agreed instantly. “Unfortunately my plans come first so I’ll have to see what’s happening over Easter closer to the date, but if I can make it I’d really like to check it out.”

“I thought you would,” the blond smiled. “So don’t worry about Yule… just enjoy your break. We might still have Easter, and if not then guarantee there’ll be half a dozen gatherings over the summer we could go to. Most probably won’t be for tea exactly but late summer is a popular time for selling inventory.”

Harry couldn’t help but feel a bit better at his reassurances, despite how many things Draco didn’t know were wrong with that statement.

For one, if he couldn’t get Sirius out of prison by summer then he wasn’t going to be staying in this country for long.

But… let’s not think about that for now. Maybe Sirius will be out by Easter and we can go look at some fancy tea with Mr. Malfoy like it’s an actual break and we’re just kids hanging out during our free time.

Or Hogwarts will close by Easter thanks to the monster turning kids to stone, and we’ll have all the time in the world.

Harry shook those thoughts off quickly. He was definitely spiraling.

Instead he smiled pointedly and leaned into Draco side, trying to feel as cheerful as he wanted to be right now.

“Thanks Draco… I think I’d really like that.”



Chapter End Notes

I've got a long list of songs for Harry and Draco, but for this chapter:

Love Someone: Lukas Graham

"If you love someone, you make room,"





Chapter 58: Book 2 : Envy : 25


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“Thank you again for doing this… I know you have like a hundred people competing for your time right now, and some of them pay better.” Susan sighed, weakly slumping into her notes in defeat.

She wasn’t wrong exactly since finals were almost upon them, and Harry’s ability in Transfiguration made study time with him a very high-demand commodity. Which was nice as it made him feel very wanted and popular despite the fact he was very aware people were just using him for a better grade.

She was also very right in that Slytherins sure as heck did pay better, and while she wasn’t very buddy-buddy with them in general, Susan was one of the few non-snakes who paid attention and respected how that particular house operated. She probably took after Madam Bones quite a bit in that despite being a Hufflepuff, she was very aware how the whole politics and favor-trading thing worked and didn’t automatically hate them for it, merely respecting the game for what it was despite not wanting to play herself. It was nice she recognized that Harry could get quite a lot of things by trading his study time with the Slytherins, but instead he was happy to spend time with non-Slytherins for free—or friendship and the pursuit of knowledge, which the other three houses would appreciate a lot more.

He laughed off her comment easily, stretching a bit since they’d been at this for quite a while now. “Who says I’m not getting anything out of this?”

“You know I hate it when you do that.” She groaned, setting down her own quill too, thankful for the break.

“Do what?”

“Scheme or whatever.”

“How am I supposed to get anything done without a scheme or two?” He defended himself flippantly, not even bothering to pretend he wasn’t a devious little shit when he wanted to be. Susan was already very well aware of that fact, after all.

Truth was, despite how he liked the power trip of having pretty much everyone he knew beg for his time, he also got tired of it really quickly. He had no desire to spend from dawn till dusk studying, and no matter how much he liked Transfiguration, having the same conversations about first, second, and third year level Transfiguration skills when he was already several years ahead of that got so unbelievably boring.

Also, basics of supply and demand was that if there was low supply, the demand would be even higher. With that in mind as they reached the homestretch of time before finals and their professors started layering on the homework and prep-work for the exams, he’d very purposefully pulled back on the amount of time he spent doing last-minute Transfiguration lessons with people. At this point he was really only studying with his roommates (sans Ron, obviously) and had a two hour mini-lecture of his own once a week in an empty classroom with all his collected first years, of which he’d managed to gather some from all four houses, including Lake and Alden representing the snake house as always. The constant exposure and strict no-fighting environment Harry had cultivated during their time together seemed to slowly but surely wear his little Gryffindors down and he was happy to say that at this point they didn’t seem to care at all that they were sharing a classroom with Slytherins anymore. They certainly weren’t friendly exactly, but being completely apathetic of each other’s existence was a good first step.

In reality, most people who could plan ahead of time to think to ask him for help had already gotten their time in—meaning Slytherin and Ravenclaw had already done study sessions with him on spells that had given them trouble during the semester as they were learning them, and no longer needed to binge their notes to prepare for finals (though the eagles definitely were still doing that). He had put together nice little packets of relevant spells, easy explanations, and references if needed that were quite handy if he did say so himself, particularly as the twins happily helped him with a duplication spell to make dozens of copies since that was a bit above his skill level in Charms. He’d handed them out to his first years already, done a few last-minute favors with his year mates, and even had a third-year packet for some upper years who were willing to swallow their pride and ask for them. He was really thrilled that he even snagged a few third year Slytherins who paid extra in their trades just to be sure he never let anyone know about it.

The packets meant he could still help people without needing to actually spend time studying with everyone, so it was a win-win on all fronts. Neville was an angel who Harry would be studying with on all subjects so he was immune to that arrangement, and he also owed Dean and Seamus far more than he could ever truly pay them back for as they played mediators between him and Ron, so clearly they were exempt as well. Draco probably would’ve been an exception too, but he actually didn’t need the help—again, they’d studied together throughout the semester and so he seemed to have his finals pretty much in hand; the blond didn’t seem worried about it at all.

In fact, Draco seemed to be extremely preoccupied by something else entirely, something Harry had originally assumed was the exams but that apparently wasn’t it given he had no interest in studying with anyone right now, not just him. It felt like they hadn’t seen each other in forever but he also didn’t want to disrupt whatever his friend had going on right now as he obviously had his mind set to it. Since they weren’t going to see each other over break Harry was just assuming he was working on a new scheme to fill the time and let him be for now.

All in all, he wasn’t as busy as a lot of people assumed he’d be. He was studying his ass off on his own subjects beyond Transfiguration since he was by no means a prodigy in anything else, but he wasn’t accepting offers to study with anyone new right now unless the deal was too good to pass up.

Studying with Susan now was a bit of a special situation, in that she was really struggling with the Hystrifors spell, which was transfiguring a porcupine into a pin cushion. She could actually do the spell decently well, but they were probably going to be quizzed on the theory behind it too and she was struggling to wrap her mind around it despite having his notes packet, having asked McGonagall for another explanation, and studying with her housemates about it too. Some things just weren’t as easy to learn as others and he could tell she really needed the assistance so he made an exception to help her through this one spell.

It was different than someone else asking because they wanted help—Susan had honestly tried every other option available to her with no great success, so her ask was a bit more out of need than convenience—with that in mind Harry was only too happy to be of service, this time genuinely as a friend.

I mean… he would’ve done it for that reason alone, the power of friendship and whatnot… but he also knew having Madam Bones on his side was going to be critical for, not just saving Sirius Black, but pretty much every other goal in life he had right now. She was the lady in charge of law enforcement and a fellow Dumbledore-hater, so maintaining an immaculate relationship with the Bones family was high on his list of priorities.

He also loved Susan to bits, but he wouldn’t be the lion that almost got put in the snake house if he didn’t keep that key fact in the back of his mind as he operated too.

He felt less bad about that mindset than if he’d had those thoughts about anyone else, since he was fairly certain Susan also kind of realized he was in contact with her aunt more than he was outright telling her. Nepotism was seen as normal in this world after all, and despite how nice Susan was she was also a pureblood who probably didn’t think twice about using her aunt’s connections as her own—nor would she think it that outrageous that Harry would use their friendship to get close to her aunt if need be. Susan always seemed to be on her toes and very conscious of who she was talking to at all times: she never excluded anyone but Harry knew for certain that if she didn’t trust him or his scheming as he put it, then Madam Bones would be getting a letter and all contact would cease without Susan actually needing to break off the friendship herself.

It was in this dreadfully transparent dishonesty that he never bothered to hide that he was up to something with her, despite never actually giving her the full picture of what it was. She didn’t ask though, seeming content not to know—perhaps for now only, and one day she’d come collecting. Harry would really have no way to lie to her when that day finally came, though he trusted her enough at this point he would probably be okay telling her the truth eventually.

Which was rare, he hardly told the truth if he could help it. But Susan was so solid and discrete, the true definition of a reliable Hufflepuff, that he was sure his secrets would stay safe with her even if she disagreed. They probably wouldn’t stay secret from Madam Bones though, given how he’d seen them interact so far, but he thought he and the head of the DMLE had very like-minded goals so that probably wouldn’t be the worst… so long as it happened in the future, preferably when Sirius was free of Azkaban for good.

“I suppose if you weren’t scheming I’d be more concerned at this point.” She allowed.

“If I weren’t scheming I’d hope that would mean I’d finally reach inner peace. When that day comes please congratulate me instead of reporting me to the authorities for being suspicious.” He snipped and she rolled her eyes with a grin, the tension in her shoulders leaving some. The struggle of studying this spell had clearly been getting to her when her genuine hard work had not been yielding fruit; Harry couldn’t only sympathize.

“Still, thank you for doing this.”

“Your gratitude is making me blush. Maybe this is why I don’t do things without trading for them—sheer embarrassment.”

“Embarrassed to be seen as a nice guy?” She challenged with a snicker.

“I dunno, I’ve never really considered if people think of me as nice or whatever. I care more on if they think I’m a celebrity or an asshole—of which I’d like to be neither. If being seen as overly nice means I can’t take people to task for being pricks though then I’m not sure being nice is good for the image,” He ranted a bit, never really having given any of this thought before.

What people thought of him?

… on the most part people who walked up to him with pre-conceived notions of who the “Boy Who Lived” was, he immediately just didn’t have time for them. If they approached as a friend he had never really thought twice about what they thought of him… he was usually more concerned about if he liked them and if they were going to cause problems or not. ‘Were they a threat or a friend’ was the question at any given time, and that most he considered what someone thought about him as a person were people like Draco and Neville.

He cared about his reputation because he knew Slytherin was watching him with a bloody magnifying glass about things like that to see if he was worth letting sit at their table for meals, but reputation never meant the same thing of if they liked him or not.

Prime example was Theo. Harry was pretty sure the quiet snake didn’t really dislike him as a person, not even last year where he’d refused to speak to him—that front was all about that bad rep he had in being THE Gryffindor according to the reputation that preceded him. He knew for a fact that Blaise liked him a lot, but should he ever become of ill reputation, he was sure he’d get dropped like a sack of potatoes in favor of survival.

Slytherin held his attention most days as they needed that attention—if he took his eyes off the situation over there for a second he’d have sharks circling him immediately, since they could smell weakness like a Great White could smell blood from leagues away. The other houses though… they didn’t have nearly the same emphasis on reputation, what they had was something closer to gossip that changed weekly with the wind. He cared less, or should he say he was less wary of them and what they thought because nine times out of ten they’d get over their whispering and juicy rumors if Harry just ignored it and made himself known in each house by playing quidditch and football with them all like nothing was wrong. The whole parselmouth thing had proven that pretty well.

Or, well, he thought he understood the situation until Susan’s expression got a little softer at his words, like she was pitying him?

What’s that about?

She glanced around almost as if to double check they weren’t going to get overheard, since they were in the Great Hall right now, but the other groups had self-distanced enough to give everyone enough space to work independently. Hagrid had been making trips all afternoon to put up the decorations and drag in each of the 12 Christmas trees one by one, and since dinner was still a ways off and finals had everyone occupying every corner they could in study groups, the Great Hall was a popular place as you could talk about topics with others without feeling like you were intruding on people’s study space compared to if you were trying to study with others in your dorm, the common rooms, or the library. Also a bonus to studying here was that his tea cup was never empty or cold as he now knew Nodky was keeping watch on him here so he could keep working always refreshed.

Happy the nearest group at the Hufflepuff table was far enough away to not be eavesdropping, she gave him a sympathetic look that he did not understand at all.

“I hope you’re not taking what they say to heart.” She gave him a frown, tone clearly saying she was here if he wanted to talk.

Harry though, just blinked at her.

“…what they say?” He repeated, not computing.

Why do I feel like they’re not saying nice things going by her tone?

She seemed to realize in an instant and her face dropped into a look of shock.

“Are you serious?” She demanded indignantly, taken aback.

“Um… Neville told me apparently if it’s not nice I have the superpower of being able to just tune people out.” He admitted, and she rolled her eyes, sympathy disappearing in a huff so she only looked exasperated now.

“Must be nice.” She complained in a tone that caught his attention, titling his head some.

“… are you taking what they say to heart?”

“’What they say’?” She repeated with another eye roll and he gave her that one.

“I mean I haven’t heard anything bad but going by that reaction I feel like I need to have a conversation with someone.”

Susan gave an amused chuckle at that, but actually smiled at the (only half joking) offer. Even if that smile was kind of sad looking… so he shut up and let the silence speak for itself. She eventually worked up to get what was clearly bothering her off her chest.

“…don’t tell anyone, but sometimes I envy the Slytherins.” She admitted with a slight wince.

“Eh?” He blinked again. “That’s completely not what I was expecting you to say. Not sure what I was expecting but it definitely wasn’t that.”

All she could do was shrug a bit. “I wouldn’t tell this to any other Gryffindor but of all people I’d think you’d get it.”

“I guess,” He allowed, not really seeing how she could be just randomly jealous. He did like the snakes, obviously, but he hadn’t ever sat there and earnestly wished he’d been in their house instead or ever regretted his decision to be in Gryffindor.

Which was encouraging to realize actually, as people had been making a lot of comments about how he should’ve been in the snake house these days. It was honestly kind of refreshing to realize that he himself did not for a second think he was actually wrong to be in Gryffindor, which was a surprisingly well-adjusted attitude he didn’t expect from himself.

Huh.

Susan was obvious to his internal revelation here as she frowned, putting words to her own struggles as she confessed, “Sometimes, it’s hard to tell if people even care about what they’re saying. Like, they’re nice or friendly but also… are they talking because they’re being friendly or do they actually want to, like, talk?” She ranted a bit, and yeah it really did feel like a guilty confession so Harry just shut his mouth and nodded along. “Slytherins never say anything unless they really mean it. Even if maybe it’s not nice or they sit in silence… at least when they do say something it’s because it means something to them.”

She clearly hadn’t spent a lot of time with Blaise, which was, you know, good for her mental health so he wasn’t going to bring that up. Instead:

“Trust me there are some nonsensically chatty snakes over there, but yeah, I do think I get what you mean. Not a big fan of pointless small talk, huh?” He allowed.

“Not really.” She slumped into her notes a bit listlessly.

“If you wanted to talk about more serious stuff…?”

“That’s not it either, I don’t have some big troubles to share or anything. I’m sure if I really needed to talk through something serious or had some trouble my housemates would be more than happy to support me, which I’m thankful for… I just wish normal conversation had more weight than it feels like they do.”

He did get that somehow… Gryffindor did talk a lot with nothing really important coming out of it most of the time. It was fun and ‘nice’ and all that, talking about essentially nothing like chatting about today’s classes or recent quidditch news, whatever was in the paper or the weather…

Honestly, when put into perspective like that, Harry could not name what his dormmates had talked about at breakfast last week—it was literally gone from his memory for good now, as it had not been important enough to remember something like that. They’d probably talked about the football season being on pause because of the snow, probably about their homework given its notable increase lately… but the specifics? Harry couldn’t repeat them if he tried.

But he could recall literally every word said at the Slytherin table for lunch two weeks ago, as Daphne had spilled a lot of critical information about some pureblood drama that Harry suspected he would one day care about if he ever attended a tea tasting or something like that. Also, the witty banter between her and Blaise was one of his favorite past times from how clever it was, so the whole thing had stuck with him. Words within the snake house just had this… as Susan put it, weight that other daily conversations didn’t.

Not that he wouldn’t have gone insane if that’s all he did, should he have been put in Slytherin. Sometimes he liked talking about nothing and just being chill with people without it needing to be so critical all that time… which was probably why he split his time between the two houses as much as he could, to mix it up maybe.

“Maybe that’s petty.” She misinterpreted his silent pondering over that as judgement, but he waved her off quickly.

“It’s not wrong though.” He acknowledged genuinely. “I think Slytherins come to mind because they’re a bit backhanded—everything they say has double meanings and they consider it a sport to say one thing and have it mean multiple other things. Maybe you’re picking up on that.”

“Even if I tried to replicate that, it means little if no one else picks up on it.” She complained lightly, and speaking of schemes… he really couldn’t help himself as he got an idea.

“True… but instead of wishing something different of your current friends, you could just add some friends to your arsenal who would.” He offered as diplomatically as he could, and she blinked at him this time.

“What?”

“I’m saying, why don’t you get some Slytherin friends if you’re craving some mental mind games?” He grinned and she stared at him like he’d grown another head.

After a brief pause to absorb that:

“You say that like I can just pick up friends at the store.” She said it in a deadpan but Harry could tell she was partly amused too. He shrugged.

“I mean that’s what I do. Just go up and adopt one of them, trust me it works great.”

“Why do I just not believe you?”

“What about Daphne?”

Susan almost did a full double take before her face flickered some. “Greengrass huh…”

“You play against each other all the time in the football club, don’t you? If she’s a worthy rival surely she’s a worthy friend right? And Davis hates me but I have a suspicion she’ll at least give you half a chance if you’re on good terms with Daphne. You not being a Gryffindor means you’re already way ahead of me in making them like you!”

She looked like she was honestly tempted by this suggestion, but then suddenly shot him an exasperated look at that last part.

“See, this is why I don’t trust you—‘making them like you’ is not how people typically talk about making friends.”

“Excuse me, the results speak for themselves! You’re my friend right?”

She gave the mother of all eye rolls and sent a very clear message about what she thought of that.

“Oh, I highly doubt I would’ve given you the time of day if Hannah didn’t have a massive crush on you last year.”

Wait what?

He did his own double take that time as… that made no sense, did it? Susan paused too as she realized he had no immediate response to that and froze.

“… excuse me?” He asked. Not so much because he hadn’t heard but more… because what?

Her face flushed as she balked, getting angry but clearly because she was now completely mortified she’d let slip something he didn’t already know.

“How the hell do you not notice these things!?”

“Excuse me?”

“Do not tell her that I was the one who told you that! Also she got over it like immediately so this is dead news! Don’t get worked up over it!” She explained before forcibly dropping her voice into angry whispers less they be overheard, still blushing hard as she realized she’d slipped up.

“Oh my god,” He was just… flabbergasted.

Maybe he was kind of flattered, but honestly he was more just shocked.

Hannah had always just been his friend… although in hindsight, them trying to just watch the football club from the sidelines last year rather than participate until he’d forced them by ultimatum suddenly made a lot more sense.

Susan suddenly got over being embarrassed and gave him a very critical warning look. “You don’t have to look like she’s the last girl on earth you would’ve ever considered liking, you know.” She defended her best friend and he fixed his face immediately even if was just bottling up the reaction instead.

“Sorry, that’s not what I meant. I do like Hannah— as a friend is all! Literally has never crossed my mind to date anyone to be honest, it’s not about her specifically!”

“I’ve seen you flirt with a Slytherin or two though.” She pointed out in a near disapproving tone, but she just made his world shift to the left five degrees.

“Excuse me?” He exploded once again, unable to bottle that reaction up for sure. She sighed a very world-weary sigh, putting her face in her hands.

“Why are you like this.”

“What!? Susan what? If you’re talking about Blaise then it’s a complete joke, you do know that right!?”

“Zabini? No, stop, I don’t want to know,” She snapped her head up in alarm before immediately deciding against following that line of conversation. “You’re telling me you don’t even have a crush on anyone right now?”

“I’m twelve?”

Why did that come out as a question?

He shook it off immediately.

“I figured there’d be an ‘eventually’ for that kind of stuff but uh, no?” He defended himself. He’d really been underestimating how much girls talked about this stuff apparently.

He also did not understand the look she was giving him.

“Well… if you ever do figure it out you have to tell me who you’re crushing on because I’m dying to know what your type is.”

“Susan what?”

“It’s a girl thing.” She shrugged like his shock meant nothing to her.

“Okay? I guess?” He just went with it, mind too frazzled by that many shocks in a row to really absorb any of this. “What is even happening right now?”

“As fun as this is, we’re really off topic. Going back to this spell really quickly… be honest with me, what are my chances on it?” She changed the subject rather tactlessly, which he didn’t appreciate because he had a lot of questions right now… but also, something told him he was probably happier not knowing, so he let it drop with a reluctant grunt to announce his displeasure.

“Fine… so far as your chances? It really depends on what the question they ask is. Luckily for you though…” He turned around the parchment he’d been writing on while she took notes and slid it in front of her, and Susan wilted a bit when she realized.

“That hopeless, huh?”

He gave a little shrug. “I’m pretty sure you’d get it eventually, but you’ve got other classes to study for and spending so much effort on one spell seems like a waste. At this point just cut your losses and flat out memorize that instead.”

He had done enough poking around McGonagall to know generally what kind of question they were going to be asked about this question, meaning how to compare the theory of how it worked to other animal-based transfiguration spells. Susan really had put in the effort to try and learn this but sometimes it wasn’t that easy… and she could do the spell just fine, so this muddling over theory wasn’t going to be that important for her in life in general. She’d put in her dues and it just hadn’t yielded results so he was fine simply handing her the answer she could memorize for the exam instead of wasting brainpower on this one sticking point. He’d been sure to copy the wording she’d been using as they talked about this too, so it wouldn’t sound like his words. He was pretty sure McGonagall wouldn’t notice as he had a rather distinct method of writing at this point and he’d paired the paragraph he’d just handed to Susan way down to make it realistic it’d come from her instead.

Besides, with the amount of his notes floating around Hogwarts, he was 100% sure McGonagall would notice those he’d helped study compared to those producing entirely unique essays. Since she knew Harry and Susan were friends it would only make so much sense that Susan was probably regurgitating something Harry had told her during one of their study sessions. He was sure people like Seamus and Dean would also have quotes of something Harry had said in their essays, just because that’s how they learned some of their Transfiguration principles, which meant if everyone was clearly pulling from his knowledge then Susan would blend right in and not be overtly noticeable copying him instead of citing him. It was only one question after all.

She slumped but accepted it, hanging her head in defeat. “You’re right… thank you for this.”

“No problem at all! Sorry to not be of more help.”

“It’s a me-problem at this point. I’m not sure why I can’t wrap my head around it,” She pouted, but did seem relieved to finally close her notebook, hiding the parchment within its pages for safe keeping.

“Some things are just like that… I mean, I’ve got Transfiguration down, but don’t ask me how my Charms final is going to go,” He sighed dramatically and she smiled a bit more reassured at that.

They finished gathering their things now that the session was silently being called to an end, Susan stretching some pointedly while he packed his books away, keeping an easy pace as they left the Great Hall. He leaned back, putting his hands behind his head as they made their way back through the castle, but it felt nice to have nothing urgent to do anymore, work done and now it just being a matter of what kind of play they wanted to do.

“You know, you never really answered me about whatever they are saying about me that I’ve apparently missed.” He pointed out.

“Do you really want to know? Aren’t you happier not knowing?”

“Depends… how bad is it?”

“Hmmm… knowing you, maybe not that bad? If you actually cared about this kind of stuff that would be new.” She suddenly let out a laugh, seeming amused by her own realization. “Actually, maybe I shouldn’t tell you more for their safety than your feelings.”

He instantly figured it out.

“Let me guess, it’s the anti-Slytherin sentiment that really freakin’ hates me because I have breakfast with them sometimes?”

“That’s pretty much it. I’ll spare you the specifics of the nasty things I’ve heard they’re saying, but essentially it sounds like a group of upper-year Gryffindors aren’t thrilled about you in general. And yeah, mostly about the Slytherin thing.”

“If they wanted Harry Potter the celebrity then I can’t say I’m that upset I disappointed them.” He made a face and she just gave him a vaguely amused look like she had expected that.

“I’m not entirely sure what their exact problem is. The fact they haven’t just confronted you is a little weird, given I would’ve thought that’d be Gryffindor’s thing.” She admitted.

“Honestly me too… maybe they’re just hoping the rumors or whatever will get to me eventually?”

“Joke’s on them given you didn’t even notice until I flat out told you. And I’m not even in your house!”

She snickered and he had to smile at that, even if it was a hit to his ego somewhat.

“I had always figured I had no power with the upper years… like our classmates sure, and I can bully first years into playing nice, and even the twins are great allies to have in the fourth-year area… but older years who’ve already spent most of their time at Hogwarts picking on Slytherins until there isn’t just prejudice but genuine bad blood between them probably wouldn’t ever really work.”

Susan turned from where they were walking to give him a genuinely perturbed frown.

“You’ve actually given it that much thought?”

“Of course! The goal is to be at peace here, and I can’t be at peace if everyone around me is hexing each other. Also my Slytherin friends would not be nearly so chill if like, Seamus sitting right next to me was going around calling them slimy snakes or something, so getting everyone on board was always the plan.”

“I didn’t realize it was a real conspiracy here, you schemer.” She grumbled.

“A conspiracy of one, but yeah whatever.” Harry waved her off uncaringly. “You can’t judge me, you’re benefitting from it too! It’s not just Gryffindor and Slytherin, although they’re the worst for sure, but you hanging out with Lu and being free to sit at the Ravenclaw table is also a side effect of me deciding house lines were bullshit you know. You wouldn’t even know he existed if not for the football club given he’s in a different house and a year older.”

“I suppose I can’t argue that.” She allowed a bit grudgingly. “Well, in any case…. how much specifically do you want on these rumors exactly?”

“What do you mean?”

“Like… you want to know, but how many details? There’s anti-Slytherin sentiment of course but…” She trailed off pointedly.

He pressed his lips together as he considered it but… as negative as it’d probably be, he wanted to know. And it was probably better to hear it from someone who represented the general Hogwarts student body better than someone like Blaise while he had the chance.

“The short version, if there is one.” He decided.

“Well, it sounds like they’re not really over the ‘you being a parselmouth’ thing. Given the timing with this chamber opening and also learning about your ability, they think it too obvious or suspicious.”

He sighed, but even he could see how that had happened.

“I mean, I never hid the fact I could talk to snakes, I literally didn’t know that wasn’t a normal wizarding-world thing until Draco pointed it out.”

“We know.” Susan just shrugged it off. That was right, they’d talked about it in the football club when it had happened, so most people who were familiar with him on some level already knew it wasn’t some grand secret to him, it just so happened to have worked out that way. The fact the timing was so close to the chamber thing was… unfortunate, but if he were to be the culprit, letting that information get out would’ve been a really bad play as it’d do exactly what these upper years fell for: tie him too closely to the Slytherin bloodline.

Luckily most people had reached their own assumption that being a parselmouth wasn’t actually tied to being Slytherin’s descendant before the ‘Slytherin’s heir’ warning was written in blood on the wall, so even if it had crossed some people’s mind how ironic or suspiciously related those two separate events were, they hadn’t voiced it.

Except these upper years, obviously.

He was happy they didn’t seem to be getting much steam in the rumor mill with this perspective, but he wanted to be sure to discredit them if he could.

“I thought the idea of the Chamber of Secrets actually being opened was still up for debate though? Like Slytherin itself thought it was a hoax given writing in blood on the wall is frankly a lion thing to do for how dramatic it was.”

“Not to Marcus Flint.” Susan just gave a simple shrug and Harry pinched the bridge of his nose in exasperation.

“God damn Flint… you do know his own house hates him, right?”

“I picked up on that, yeah. Upper year Gryffindors who are forced to share classes with him while he’s going on and on about how Slytherin’s monster is gonna get all the filth apparently did not pick up on that.”

“So he’s running his fat mouth and his year Gryffindors are now of the belief that this mythical chamber has opened and that Slytherin’s heir is running around siccing a monster on muggleborns?”

Susan gave him a pointed look.

He balked but then burst out laughing.

“Oh my god, they think it’s me!?”

“Yep.”

“The hell?”

“You’re a parselmouth, seems to be all the explanation they need. They’re clearly of the camp that you have to be Slytherin’s descendant to have that skill.”

He snorted bluntly, but he had to give them an ounce of credit there.

Technically, they’re not wrong. No one knows about that though, and it was clear Blaise did that on purpose so I’ll let it be for now. It helps me right now in any case as it splits people—if everyone knew I was actually distantly related to Slytherin then their horrendous theory that I’m this ‘heir’ would get far more traction than I’d like.

With that being said, he decided to lie instead.

“I’m not saying they’re right, but I guess I do see how they logic-ed that one out. Stupid as it is there’s a train of thought there I suppose.”

“They also think that’s why He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named couldn’t kill you.”

“Eh?” His head snapped around to her in surprise, but relaxed when she didn’t seem that bothered by it, merely relaying news she’d heard without being concerned over it. That was good… it had even less credence than their Slytherin’s heir theory then.

“That you already has some dark and twisty power protecting you from his dark and twisty power or something.” She elaborated, but even as she said it, Harry could tell she thought it was just as ridiculous as she was making it sound.

On one hand, he’d never heard anyone speculate about how he’d survived the dark lord as an infant, so it was kind of a shock to hear something like that brought out of nowhere.

On the other hand… that was a pretty fucking ridiculous theory. If he had some dark and twisty power that was strong enough to vanquish a dark lord, then why the hell did a bunch of muggles give him so much trouble?

He couldn’t help but laugh loudly, perhaps slightly hysterically at the ridiculousness of it all.

“I take it all back, they’re dumb as trolls.” He decided loudly for Susan and the empty hall around them to hear.

She gave a gentle laugh of her own when she saw he wasn’t offended by any of this. “Luckily they seem to be a loud, and frankly ignored minority. Most people who’ve actually met you and talked to you for three seconds would know that if you had control of this monster you’d immediately use it to kill whoever actually attacked Colin.”

“Excuse me?” He was about to be offended before she locked him with another look. He suddenly realized her point and immediately gave in. “Okay that’s a fair. I’d like to think I wouldn’t kill them… but turnabout’s fair play, I’d totally petrify them if I could.”

“Figured.”

“What exactly is my reputation again that everyone thinks I’m that violent?”

“You bully first years as a hobby.”

“Why does everyone keep bringing that up!? I also teach them Transfiguration and dueling!” He exclaimed jokingly.

“That doesn’t balance anything out you know; life is not a game of scales. You can’t do something bad to someone and then also something good and expect them to cancel out.”

He had to pause—as in, physically stop walking for a moment— and tilt his head to the side as that hit home with him.

…huh.

“What a blunt way to put it.” He complained, immediately wincing as he put together that… perhaps he thought a bit too much like that in trying to ‘make things up’ to people sometimes.

Remus… Neville… Draco… Seamus, Dean, Hagrid, even Susan right here and right now—anyone he’d ever wronged or lied to he’d always told himself he’d ‘make it up’ to them one day or by doing ‘this’ or… any manner of things. Some mythical day when he had control of his own life and could get things he wanted or things he thought others would want in the end too, if only they could silently forgive his dishonesty and lies by omission…

He shook it off quickly, realizing those were some dark thoughts he’d start spiraling into if he didn’t keep it light for today.

“Realizing some things?” Susan teased, ignorant of the slight crisis she’d triggered and he only just barely managed to squash.

“Shut up.” He made a show of petulantly pouting but was relieved when she let it go easily, not sensing his hesitation there. The fact they’d stopped walking for a moment caused Susan to actually look at there they were standing though and did a double take.

“Wait a second, where are we going?” She suddenly realized their aimless direction while they were chatting.

“Gryffindor tower?”

She blinked and then looked at him… and blinked again.

“Okay, but why am I going to Gryffindor tower? I’ll head back and see you later then,” She made to turn around but he instantly looped his arm around her’s and made a show of pouting—none of which she bought for a second.

“Noooo Susan come oooon—we just studied for hours let’s play a game of exploding snap or something!”

“In Gryffindor tower!?”

“Why not?” He gave her his best devilish grin and she made a hard face.

“We just talked about upper years hating you for not being lion-like enough and you invite me right into the den? You really do have a few screws loose, don’t you?”

“No, you said they hated me for being too chummy with Slytherins, and you’re not a Slytherin! What the honest to god hell would they have to say about me being friends with a Hufflepuff?” He demanded.

“I really don’t think you get the nuances here. The implication was they hate you for being chummy with Slytherins, but you not keeping to your house in general doesn’t earn you a lot of points with anyone.”

“With anyone?”

She paused, and allowed a slight correction. “With Gryffindor.”

Harry had to slump some, because he’d kind of expected that answer but at the same time… it was one of those things is wasn’t ignorant of, he just really, really didn’t want to pay it any attention in hopes it’d just go away.

“…am I actually that stupid or have I never really noticed how isolationist Gryffindor is?”

She relaxed, giving him another pitying look. “I mean… no one likes to think they’ve got prejudice or that they share something in common with their enemy. Both Slytherin and Gryffindor are pretty isolationist, yeah, said from the perspective of an outsider. I’ve never had any trouble talking to a Ravenclaw but… you’re by far the friendliest Gryffindor I know. Everyone else kind of keeps to their own little in-house cliques.” She admitted, and seemed genuinely uncomfortable with needing to say it.

‘Friendly’ probably wasn’t the right word. The lions had a great reputation of being ‘the good guys’, but they didn’t actually mix out-of-house any more than Slytherin did. You could have a conversation with a lion and they come away thinking you a great person, but they wouldn’t pick a non-lion as their best friend or invite them to meals or do anything more than have some small talk-level conversations every now and then.

The football club had been going a long way for that, but in hindsight even Dean and Seamus didn’t really hang out with Ravenclaws or Hufflepuffs now that the season was paused due to the snow. They’d chat for hours about upcoming games but hadn’t exactly seen them in a Ravenclaw study group this month. They were definitely in their own little bubble, and Harry had an unkind thought to wonder if that’s why they were putting so much effort into Ron instead of bluntly ignoring his existence like Harry did—he was still a Gryffindor, so even if they didn’t like him they were trying to make it work.

Family before everything else, and Gryffindor had this unspoken ideal that their loyalty to each other was more familial in nature than other houses. No matter the conflict, you sucked it up and forgave each other because you were all Gryffindors and that meant more than anything else in the end.

But Harry was also blood related to people like Salazar Slytherin and Petunia Dursley—and honestly he didn’t know which one was worse. He knew next to nothing about his father other than that he played quidditch and was a prankster, while Dell Monroe felt like a long lost sister to him through her journals.

The blood purists in the snake house might clutch their pearls to hear him say it, but blood ties meant nothing to him.

Words like ‘family’ meant nothing unless you gave it meaning. This… unspoken expectation that he had to put effort into anyone just because they were ‘one of them’ itched at the defensiveness he always got when people tried to boss him around like a bad case of poison ivy.

Ironically, his rejection of ideas like blood and family would probably have both Gryffindor and Slytherin mad at him. Maybe he found that deeply amusing in a dark way, but he wouldn’t go talking about this too openly in either snake or lion dead.

Luckily he was talking to a badger who was much more straightforward than most of his other friends.

“Lame.” He decided bluntly, and true to his suspicions Susan just laughed softly at his reaction. “But I mean it’s not like anyone would put up a huge fuss to see you there, right? Come on, play a round of exploding snap at least!”

Susan had softened slightly over the course of this conversation, but he could tell she wasn’t that swayed. Instead, she got a glint in her eye.

“I mean… I might say yes to a game or two but we don’t have to go to Gryffindor exactly if you wanted to—”

“Wotcher there Harry!” A bellowing voice caused them both to jump a bit, needing to move immediately from where they were standing blocking the hallway to make way for a huge form that came round the corner suddenly. Hagrid, who’d been in and out all day carrying those big Christmas trees and other decorations into the castle, came bustling by in a huff holding yet another load…

Although Harry had to do a double take in disgust for a second.

“Oh my god Hagrid—why are you carrying around a bunch of dead chickens!?” He exclaimed, and the giant man paused in whatever mission he’d clearly been on to give a crumpled look.

“Oh, somethin’s been killing my roosters all year and I’ve ‘bout had enough! Gonna see if Flitwick has a charm or so ta catch the little bugger,” He complained, certainly looking upset.

“Did you need to bring the dead rooster with you to show him?” Harry half joked, indicating the iridescent feathers falling to the floor around them, but surprisingly Susan piped up.

“I mean a fox or some predator would’ve eaten them right? That’s not even bleeding.” She pointed to the dead bird in the groundkeeper’s hand, seeming very unperturbed by the sudden scene for someone not that familiar with Hagrid herself.

“Aye, tha’s what’s been botherin’ me—it’s been happening’ in broad daylight and I’d figure if it were some other critter tha’s just the way life goes, but I’m pretty sure these poor fools ‘ave been strangled like someone’s gonna cook ‘em up,” He complained, certainly sounding like a toddler upset his toy had been broken… if he were eight feet tall and talking about murdering chickens while holding their corpses.

“Wait, you think it’s a person?” Harry startled. Particularly because, given their conversation topic just now, the only other animal killer of recent history had gone after Mrs. Norris and could also somehow petrify things apparently.

Susan, for some reason, was much less surprised.

“I mean, it’s a rooster. If it were waking people up at ungodly hours, sleep deprivation can do crazy things to people. I can empathize although I probably wouldn’t resort to killing them.”

“Holy shit Susan—are you serious?” Harry gaped at her, but she could only shrug.

“There’ve been some incidents in Hufflepuff caused by some serial snorers. Don’t ask.”

“Like hell, I’m absolutely going to ask,” He exploded but she pointedly ignored him.

Hagrid seemed a bit perturbed by this conversation too, seeming to lose some of his steam in marching towards Flitwick’s office. “Ah… perhaps I should be askin’ Sprout for her input then,”

“I’m not saying it is a person, just that I wouldn’t be surprised!” Susan defended herself and her house, although a lot less aggressively than one might think. “Roosters are really annoying Hagrid, maybe ask one of the professors to put a silencing charm on the next batch you have.”

“Silence them to save their lives? I had no idea you were so brutal,” Harry could not believe this conversation, but for some reason he was enjoying it immensely. Particularly when Susan gave him an annoyed look for his teasing.

“You are not one to talk, jerk. The whole school saw you stab Malfoy with needles, remember?”

“Point taken, but that was legal in a duel and murdering Hagrid’s pets is a bit bigger of a deal than a detention—isn’t that a literal crime?”

“Not technically if it was self-defense.”

“Self-defense from a rooster?”

“They’re pretty aggressive you know.” Susan shrugged matter-of-factly. Harry hated to admit she had a point, and Hagrid specifically had a history of owning dangerous pets, one such incident technically ending in his expulsion of Hogwarts so there was no way that would hold much water as an argument.

Not that Susan knew that, but Harry was suddenly reminded sometimes that Madam Bones was pretty much the entire wizarding world’s sense of justice and her niece had clearly inherited a strict and clear understanding of how the law worked in this magical society. He struggled to argue against her when she got like this.

Still, he crossed his arms over his chest half playfully.

“Susan, did you kill the roosters?”

“What!? No!” she shouted at him, instantly realizing what he was doing by his smirk and punched him in the shoulder. Which actually really freaking hurt, he realized as he had to clutch it harshly to fend off the incoming bruise. “You asshole! No I didn’t kill them, I’m just saying it you want to catch whoever did it or at least stop it from happening, any professor could put silencing charms on them next time and Professor Flitwick also probably knows a ward or something to track who enters your property, or at least your chicken coop Hagrid,” She explained, and the giant man seed to follow that… somewhat. He didn’t seem 100% sure on if they were joking around with that conversation but then decided to believe that they were, and accepted her words instead.

“I’ll go speak ta Filius then— thanks you two! Good luck with the exams if I don’ see ya before then,” He cheered as he continued his journey.

“Thanks Hagrid!” Harry called but sighed a bit at the reminder of the dreaded week ahead of them. He immediately yelped when Susan gave him a sharp kick to the shin once more for good measure. “Sorry, sorry! I just thought it was funny you were so chill about murdered chickens is all!”

“Baseless accusations like that aren’t cool, you know how the rumor mill works around here,” She huffed.

Harry couldn’t deny that given his own position with the upper years of his own house, but thought they were safe enough given it was just them an Hagrid for that… although she did have a point, Hagrid had a habit of repeating things he may or may not fully understand. Should he go repeat any of that conversation given he’d clearly missed all the subtext and sarcasm, that could cause some nasty rumors to appear…

Huh… and Harry had been getting pretty cocky in his ability to choose his words carefully these days. Maybe that was a bit of misplaced confidence.

“Sorry,” he apologized more sincerely. “Do you really think it’s a person killing them though? Given the other pet killed we know of was the infamous one that hurt Mrs. Norris.” He pointed out, and Susan sighed a bit.

“Honestly who knows. With the chicken thing the best bet Hagrid has is to set up a ward and catch them in the act next time. Aside from Veritaserum there’s not a lot of good ways to properly convict someone of something they’ve already gotten away with.”

“Wait what? So if I get away with something no one can retroactively punish me for it?” He frowned and she shot him a wary look.

“I mean… there are ways but it’s difficult. The most pivotal are witness accounts, which is why baseless accusations are the bane of my existence,” She pierced him with a glare which he put his hands up in surrender at. “If someone is accused of a crime, and there’s no proof of the crime itself, the first thing to lean on is witness accounts of what they saw happen. If that’s enough to convince the court then the Veritaserum is brought out and it’s proven or not.” She explained. “But we don’t have any idea who or what killed those chickens, so without someone to accuse there’s not much we can do since no one saw anything or even knows if someone did kill them or not.”

Harry felt a twitch in his brain at how wildly this world’s justice system worked.

“What’s Veritaserum if it’s the end all be all?”

“It’s a truth potion, but one of the most powerful in existence. It’s only legally used in a court setting to get confessions from people put on trial. There’s a ton of arguments around it since it’s a magic that takes people’s will away and forces them to out themselves, like some other nasty dark curses that exist, so it’s only used when absolutely necessary if a judgement can’t be obtained through other means.”

“So… it’s dark magic. But because the Ministry uses it they don’t call it that.” He pointed out and she did a sharp double take, looking disturbed.

“Excuse me?”

Oops… she’s a snake sympathizer but is not actually Slytherin enough to buy into that logic… duly noted.

“Er, never mind—it just sounds like it would solve a lot of issues legally and stuff if you could get people to confess that easily.” He deflected.

“It’s not ‘that easy’—Veritaserum can only be made by potion masters, it’s pricy and needs to be secured from tampering to be admissible in court. Then there’s the ethical reasoning—it’s one thing if someone asks for it to prove their own innocence but if you force it on someone who doesn’t want it, where does that leave you?”

“I think I’ve had worse potions forced on me than one that makes me honest for a couple hours.” He deadpanned, earning himself another glare that he wasn’t taking this seriously. Thing was, he certainly was very invested in this conversation, for deeply personal reasons. “And seriously, what does cost or ethics matter compared to the general safety of the world in ensuring real criminals end up punished for their crimes? And for that matter, ensure innocent people don’t end up in Azkaban.”

Susan stared at him, uncomprehending.

“What do you mean innocent people? Innocent people would ask for Veritaserum and that would be that. Innocents don’t end up in Azkaban.” She said with the utmost of confidence that scraped at Harry’s very soul to see displayed in front of his eyes so blatantly.

He opened his mouth but immediately had to reel it in… Mr. Greengrass had said secrecy was their friend until the time was right but… it was just so hard not to snap back as aggressively as he wanted to. All his hackles were raised but he needed to take a breath and realize her candor and assuredness in the justice of the world was not her fault—and half of him didn’t want to ruin that belief for her either. Half of him really did, but the half of him that cared about his friend and didn’t want to upset her so harshly on a random December day like this won out.

With great difficulty he just barely managed to keep it to himself for the sake of his supposedly innocent godfather.

He couldn’t just let that stupidly naïve statement go though.

“Given the court system seems to be a big game of ‘he said, she said’, how sure are you of that Susan?” He demanded rhetorically and was going to leave it there even if she argued more about it.

Which, surprisingly, she didn’t… or maybe not that surprisingly because Susan seemed entirely stun locked by that statement and was just gaping at him like a fish that he’d actually said that to her.

Sharp and clear view of the world indeed.. anything that muddled the scenery seemed to paralyze her.

Harry felt only a little bad about it. The world was not black and white no matter how much she believed, and also maybe wanted it to be.

He felt they were probably going to keep staring at each other for a minute or so as they failed to figure where else to go with this conversation, but as he searched for something to change the topic, they were suddenly interrupted once again by a sudden shriek from down the hall.

Harry tensed, wand instantly in his hand before he realized it was just Peeves causing a commotion one hall over.

Then he realized what the poltergeist was saying.

He was sprinting before he even fully realized what his body was doing, barely thinking twice to following the screaming as fast as he could force his feet to hit the stone floor to get there an instant quicker. He whipped around the corner and needed a second to absorb what he was seeing but fuck when he did—

There was a student on the ground.

Nearly Headless Nick was floating seemingly above him, more still than any ghost Harry has seen in this school thus far, and not reacting to the chaos going around him.

Peeves was zooming around the hall shrieking up a storm but distinctly not in the light hearted way than he normally was.

And Alden Cork had whipped around to see the newcomer in the hallway, looking pale as death but only slightly not so afraid to see that it was Harry who’d gotten there first.

“I—I d-didn’t—!?” He stammered, and Harry walked briskly to him and shoved him sharply behind him to examine the situation further, wand still in hand and hackles raised for whatever danger still lurked about.

Footsteps against the stone behind them preceded a sharp inhale of shock.

“Justin!” Susan had obviously followed him, recognizing the student on the ground. Now closer and drawing Alden back from him… yeah, the Hufflepuff was definitely petrified.

Harry listened, but other than Peeves and Susan’s cries of alarm at what happened he heard and sensed nothing in the hallway but them.

“Slytherin’s done it! Slytherin’s little monster did it! Bad little snake eating up the muggleborns! Little monster, little monster!” Peeves was cackling in a maddening way and Harry had the sharp urge to use his raised defenses to shoot a spell at the annoying pest—he knew from experience it’d only make his annoying antics amp up though so just barely refrained from attempting to hex him.

It was then that everyone else who had heard the poltergeist screaming finally caught up and came to investigate. Students spilled into the hallway from wherever they’d been and started screaming, the commotion as they realized someone else had been petrified immediately becoming a crowd-control issue in minutes. Where had they even come from!?

“Justin!” Some Hufflepuffs clearly recognized their house member in despair, and Harry realized he was getting a lot of looks and questions shot his way too.

“Everyone back off! Someone find a teacher!” He shouted and that seemed to shake some sense into at least a couple people.

“What happened!?” An upper year Ravenclaw looked pale and almost afraid to come closer—no one wanted to walk over the no man’s land where Justin was lying which put a weird space between them.

“I don’t know, they were both like that when we got here,” He deflected, hating the way people were looking up at Peeves as if only just realizing what he was saying and wanting to get on top of whatever the fuck they were thinking. “The three of us were just walking— Peeves shut the hell up! If you’re going to pick someone to blame then blame me!”

“H-Harry?” Alden squeaked behind him but Harry just took a step back to ensure the first year was closer to his back and as far out of sigh as he could get him. Unfortunately he was small for his year and Alden wasn’t, so it only partially worked.

The poltergeist above them seemed to pause at his words then got a truly demented look on his face.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh the lion is a liar!? Little lion liar, little lion lair!” He teased annoyingly, but Harry just rolled his eyes at the new name. Technically it was true and the piece of shit wasn’t calling Alden a little monster anymore so it was an improvement.

Most people knew he was a lair anyway. What he was lying about was anyone’s guess though and he wanted to keep it that way.

“Mr. Potter!”

Of all the teachers who could’ve reached them first, Harry was relieved it was McGonagall. He was less relieved by the look on her face and knew that him being her favorite didn’t mean shit when another student was petrified in the middle of the hall and she had a crowd of students to deal with—but hey, at least it wasn’t Snape.

“Professor,” he greeted, taking her attention so it lay on him and not the first year behind him. “We really don’t know what happened, I swear,” He pleaded with her and she gave him a stern look before turning to the crowd.

“Everyone evacuate the area now! Prefects ensure the classrooms are empty and stand at the end of the hall to turn people away. Everyone move it, now!” She commanded them sharply. “Ten points from Ravenclaw for failing to follow orders—ten points from Gryffindor for the same reason! Everyone move!” her point deductions got people in gear and just as fast as people had started to gather they began to disperse—or more like flee to prevent their house from losing the house cup before the day was out.

As she snapped to the crowd to clear the area around Justin, Harry grabbed Alden’s upper arm and pushed him back towards Susan who half-caught him in shock.

“Harry what-”

“Take him back to the Slytherin dorm. Tell no one what you saw.” He ordered, as serious as he’d ever been.

They locked eyes for a second and he could see she wanted to ask.

He could see she was fundamentally against lying or deflecting or whatever the fuck it was he was doing but—

But she grabbed Alden’s hand and then without a further word disappeared into the crowd like they were fleeing McGonagall too.

Honestly, that was a huge gamble as Susan was the rule follower to end all rule followers given her sense of justice. There was no reason she had to believe in him just then, much less do something against what she considered objectively right without an explanation or even a single good reason she should aide him in lying to a teacher.

He was thankful to her that she did it anyway. He owed her, big time for this.

She might not think life was a game of scales but either way, he definitely owed her one.

“Mr. Potter, follow me,” McGonagall focused in on him again with a sharp command as the crowd situation got under control, and he straightened his posture in face of what was ahead.

“Yes Professor.”



Chapter End Notes

For some reason I have like ten songs for Susan because I love her but to name a few:

Lips are Movin: Meghan Trainor

W.I.T.C.H : Annapantsu

That’s My Girl: Fifth Harmony





Chapter 59: Book 2 : Envy : 26


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Harry barely spent much time being surprised over how calm he was, to be left in Dumbledore’s office by McGonagall as she went back to deal with Justin’s situation.

He had too many things racing through his head to waste time being upset or nervous, because the next however-many-minutes this conversation took would be extremely critical to a lot of things. He had never had a direct one-on-one conversation with the Headmaster before, not counting last year after the Quirrell incident. Given the situation and his headspace at the time, that interaction had barely counted towards anything and was sure Dumbledore had dismissed most of his oddities back to whatever his preconceived notion of ‘The Boy Who Lived’ was.

He tried to get his thoughts in order and took a deep breath. He hadn’t been able to get back to his graveyard since he’d locked everything away when Voldemort had clearly tried to get in his head, but despite how little he’d been paying attention to that issue, he tried to center himself and remember the techniques in Hermione’s book to calm himself.

First: compartmentalize.

This was not the man who’d condemned him to the hell on earth that was the Dursley’s. This was not the man who’d abandoned him as a babe, the one who was blocking him getting out of those muggle pigs’ pit-of-a-home.

No… Dursleys who? None of that had ever happened. He was not mad at Dumbledore, he was just a bit unnerved to be meeting his school’s headmaster so suddenly like this.

He was a normal school boy who’d just seen something traumatizing. Alden and Susan had been standing behind him sure, but they had nothing to do with this.

He had no clue who Sirius Black was and had never plotted a single scheme in his entire life. He was a gutsy Gryffindor who thought first of himself and his friends—if ever he gave much prior thought to anything, much less too deeply.

Yeah he sat at the Slytherin table, but Draco was his first friend he’d met at Diagon Alley— Dumbledore already knew that as Hagrid had 100% told him. He was really good at Transfiguration because McGonagall had 100% told him. He was friends with a lot of people in different houses, because the paintings on the walls the twins and Mr. Greengrass had warned about 100% told him about his activities no matter where he went.

He couldn’t avoid the things Dumbledore already knew for certain, but he could play into them.

Dumbledore wanted ‘The Boy Who Lived’… that’s why he was even as involved as he was in the first place, why he made the assumption he’d gone after the troll himself last year, why teachers in particular always seemed surprised when he did something decidedly not lion-like. Harry suspected Dumbledore was crafting this… reputation about him that only people who actually saw him routinely in classes were starting to figure out wasn’t really that accurate. Since their direct contact was thankfully minimal, Harry was banking heavily on the fact the headmaster’s arrogance or pride would have him continuing to believe in the ‘Boy Who Lived’ persona and letting all the tiny things he’d been seeing slide for now.

All Harry had to do, was not say or do anything that broke away from this person Dumbledore clearly thought him to be—or maybe wanted him to be. There had been a lot of high-caliber manipulation happening for years now to try and get the kind of light-minded pawn, so he was sure Dumbledore would only be too happy to think himself successful if Harry could only play the part right.

He was betting a lot of the hope the headmaster didn’t know about him running away from the Dursleys this summer. Most of the time he spent in Diagon was under the cloak or with Draco, and the old man didn’t have the eyes into the Slytherin families’ business enough to know if Harry had been staying with Draco or not. If brought up he planned to outright lie and say he’d stayed at Malfoy manor on permission of his relatives. He was fairly certain he could get away with it as he now knew what the manor looked like to be able to slip in some details, if asked themselves he was very sure Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy would agree to it just to stick it to Dumbledore, and also as a wizard himself there was a good chance no one would actually ask the Dursleys what had happened.

Who gives a fuck what a muggle thought, after all? No one in this world, that was for sure. Dumbledore never asked the Dursleys if they’d wanted the ‘freak’ nephew over a decade ago so little chance he’d have the decency to check in with them now. If he ever had for a second he’d know about the cupboard and the shed so yeah, Harry was pretty sure he wouldn’t actually ask about the Dursleys or his summer plans so he could put those concerns from his mind for now.

The main thing he was hoping against all hope though, was that he had no idea about Sirius Black or the trial happening. Obviously this old bastard had been interfering with Mr. Greengrass’ plans, but as of now he was banking on the idea that Dumbledore thought Harry had no idea what was happening, much less suspect he was involved. He’d done everything he could to hide it, and maybe he’d intercepted Hedwig to know he’d contacted the Flammels once, maybe he’d even intercepted enough letters to know about Remus… but he couldn’t know about Sirius.

That was the one thing he had no back-up for. He’d taken too many risks before and now it was time to see if that had cost him the battle temporarily… the only thing he could do was play dumb.

What is the Gryffindor reaction? If the headmaster brought up Sirius Black… he should ask who that is. If he got deflected, great… if he got any kind of answer, he needed to get angry about the man who supposedly betrayed his parents. He could do angry—he was particularly good at getting angry if he unleashed some of his restraint, so that wouldn’t be hard. Maybe he could get angry enough Dumbledore would send him away—even better!

But no, all of that was superfluous nonsense—right now he was a normal second year Gryffindor whose biggest concern was if he was going to get in trouble for finding Justin petrified just now, that was his only concern.

To be honest, the only thing he had only a weak back-up plan for right now, was if Susan ratted him out.

She’d agreed to play along in the moment, probably trusting he had a plan, but in time if the plan worked out and it wasn’t in line with her sense of justice (like say Alden getting a detention for it or something) there was still a chance she’d come forward with an eyewitness account of what actually happened. And apparently those eyewitness accounts meant everything in this world’s justice system, so he’d be properly screwed if that came to light.

It was a gamble to trust her but he was blatantly choosing to trust her anyway. Perhaps he could appeal to the Hufflepuff in her, not to out him as a liar in the name of being a friend like he was trusting her as a friend right now. He really hoped he could convinced her that Alden being the culprit would make zero sense given how little he knew of the magical world right now (four months ago he didn’t know what a Slytherin was, much less that he once had a chamber to go writing about it on walls) and that pointlessly accusing him and getting him involved would help no one.

Still, if she did rat him out, in the grand scheme of things him being proven a liar wouldn’t be that bad. He could easily spin that to Dumbledore without breaking cover, claiming he only did it to protect a friend… and his suspicion of Alden being a muggleborn in Slytherin mean he felt particularly inclined to help this friend out specifically. That would just be him being an impulsive Gryffindor who did something foolish to protect a comrade, which should tie perfectly into the ‘Boy Who Lived’ persona… at least he hoped the headmaster would buy it.

He shook his head sharply, trying to center his thoughts.

Forget everything, focus only on the situation. I’m just a normal student who is worried about me, or my friend, getting in trouble when we did nothing wrong. That’s it.

Someone actually attacked Justin just now, in broad daylight at that! That’s the real problem here.

That’s right… the petrification monster had attacked again. That was totally something way more important and relevant right now to bring up than any other topic.

“Thinking hard, Mr. Potter?”

He snapped his head up in alarm, heart leaping for a moment before he realized the shelf that had spoken to him had a tattered looking lump of cloth that he recognized. The Sorting Hat.

He was a bit annoyed but kept it to himself, sighing away the scare that had been.

“I think you can guess the sorts of things I’m thinking about.” He deflected, and a rip in the fabric opened to chuckle lowly.

“That I can. Bit of advice… relax, young man.” It said. Harry would’ve been even more annoyed by the condescending nature of an old magical hat telling him to just relax when it had no idea what he was going through right now…

But, in actuality… this hat had been inside his head before. And for some reason it didn’t feel like the advice was to comfort him… it was actual advice, as in something he should do right now for his own benefit. The hat’s rumpled cloth didn’t give anything away so far as a face that he could read, but Harry certainly tried to understand before realizing he had nothing left to lose at this point.

He pressed his lips together at the dubiousness of it all, but still took a deep inhale and tried to focus.

The only thing he had to worry about, was if he was going to get in trouble for finding Justin. That was it… everything else didn’t matter right now.

And then he repeated it a couple more times for safe measure.

He’d been so anxious while preparing for this conversation, now that he was sort of ready or in a steady state… the waiting was getting to him. He glanced around the office curiously and noted it was kind of impressive. So many books and random magical trinkets that could’ve done anything… part of him worried at least one object in here was probably a recording device or something to lull visitors in to a false sense of security but… there really wasn’t anything he could do about that at the moment. He was so wrapped up in his paranoia that it took him an embarrassingly long amount of time to realize there was a big ass bird looking right at him from off to the side of the headmaster’s desk.

He felt a bit stupid not to have immediately noticed it given it was bright red… but after a couple seconds of examining each other, he realized those red feathers were incredibly faded and half were falling out. It hadn’t caught his preoccupied attention as it was dead still atop its perch, the posture and how it weakly lifted its head belying that it was incredibly old.

That’s right… Harry had heard that Dumbledore owned a pet phoenix. This bird was a phoenix? It seemed… rather lackluster honestly. Then again it wasn’t at it’s prime, who was he to judge it when it was in this sorry state.

He wasn’t sure why he was surprised he kept his pet bird in his office, he always kind of felt magical pets would have more free reign than this. That being said, it was super old, maybe this was a personal choice on the bird’s part since flying seemed like an exhausting task for such old wings.

The bird lifted its head suddenly, the most movement Harry had seen from it thus far, as if it could hear his internal rambling thoughts and took him up on that challenge.

Unfortunately, it accepted the challenge by bursting into flames.

Harry let out a shout of alarm and skittered back several steps to get clear, heart hammering a million miles and hour in his chest at the frightening turn of events.

Oh my god the bird caught fire!?

“Harry?”

A rasping voice startled him once more, double so as he was also watching a bird crumble to flames before his eyes right now as he whipped around to see the headmaster himself entering his office.

“P-professor!” He got out, frankly completely thrown when ten seconds ago he’d been so sure he could handle this. “Your bird—I—there was nothing I could do--!?” He gestured wildly to the situation, awkwardly trying to convey what the fuck had just happened and completely failing.

To his relief and confusion the old man just chuckled lowly, seeming unbothered by his pet burning alive in front of him.

“He just caught fire-!”

“And about time too,” Dumbledore hummed, throwing Harry for a loop yet again. Seeing the boy’s confused expression in front of him, he gave a calm smile as he continued. “He’s been looking dreadful for days. Pity you had to see him on a burning day.” He said, almost apologetically even.

Then it hit him.

It’s a phoenix. Fire is kind of their thing, isn’t it?

He felt like a bit of an idiot for panicking but was frankly just relieved this wasn’t going to be yet another thing he had to defend himself against.

“Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry. They burst into flame when it is time for them to die, and then they are… reborn from the ashes.” The headmaster explained as if Harry weren’t already feeling pretty stupid right now, coming over to wave a hand over the tiny pile of smoldering ash beneath where the bird had once perched.

As if one cue, a tiny head popped out of the pile of soft grey and gave a little baby chirp as if confirming he was still here. Harry wasn’t that heartless and automatically smiled a bit, as it was kind of adorable.

He kept the smile in place, focusing on the cute little chick in front of him rather than the man beside it as Dumbledore kept talking.

“Fascinating creatures, phoenixes. They can carry immensely heavy loads… their tears have healing powers…”

I will admit phoenixes are kind of cool. Not sure why we’re talking about your pet though when I thought I was supposed to be in trouble.

“Wait! Professor Dumbledore sir!”

Harry jumped yet again when the door behind them burst open, Hagrid’s immense frame coming bumbling into the office without warning, ripping his attention from the cute baby bird and back to the situation at hand.

“Ah, Hagrid,” The headmaster turned, not startled or alarmed or even that unsurprised which annoyed Harry yet again though he squashed that thought immediately. He was a normal Gryffindor right now, remember that!

“Professor, Harry is innocent! I was jus’ talkin’ to ‘im and there’s no way he coulda—”

“Hagrid, Hagrid… never fear, I do not suspect Harry of anything.” Dumbledore waved him off, and Harry tried not to tense up at the words, instead choosing to keep his mouth firmly shut like he had no idea what was going on.

Which, to be fair, he didn’t.

Inside he was very well confused: what even was happening right now? Were they actually going to suspect him of something without even asking anything? How did Dumbledore even know what was going on right now?

“O-oh… oh alright then,” Hagrid seemed a bit embarrassed by his outburst and shifted his great weight. “I’ll ah… I’ll wait outside then… sorry ‘bout that then,” He waved it off awkwardly, shooting Harry an encouraging thumbs up that he did not understand but waved automatically at the giant anyway to tell him it was okay.

“Harry…” his attention was called back to the headmaster, who was looking at him with an infuriatingly patient and kind look that had him immediately shifting his gaze back down to the baby bird now nesting in its pile of ashes around it instead of meeting the look. Something about how grandfatherly this attitude seemed would certainly set him off, he knew it, and he really couldn’t afford to lose his temper right now.

The only way he could get away with looking down though was to act like he was nervous so he shifted his own weight and played meek—every lesson that had ever been beaten into him about acting pathetic in front of Vernon Dursley less he get locked in a cupboard for acting too cocky coming out without even trying. He’d had a lifetime of practice already so no matter how long it’d been and how far he’d come since needing to do this, it was only too easy to snap back into the posture and keep his face as blank as he could.

After all, Dumbledore had the power to restrict him just like Vernon had been able to lock him in a cupboard. The instinctual need to avoid threats to his autonomy and freedom made it easy as beathing to bite down on everything else and be as blank and unimportant as he needed to be right now.

He was just a normal Gryffindor after all.

He was just a normal kid who didn’t want to be scolded.

He was so unimportant and inconsequential he almost willed the headmaster to look right past him and forget he was even here.

“My boy… is there something you want to tell me?” That kindly tone came again, playing the patient grandfather role very well Harry had to admit.

He was curious about a lot of things, for sure, but none of it really mattered.

When he looked up to finally meet the old man’s gaze, the only thing he could focus on was that he wanted to disappear and get out of here as soon as possible. He didn’t want to need to defend himself and he didn’t want Alden to get in trouble either, but he couldn’t really do anything about any of that so the best solution right now was to get away.

Maybe curiosity would win another day, but today was about survival.

“No Professor,” he said instead, hoping if he didn’t bring anything up, then he wouldn’t need to talk or defend about any topic.

And for some god damned reason, it actually worked.

Dumbledore simply gave a sigh and nodded, looking down to gently pet Fawkes on his little baby head in response to his mild chirps. “Very well. I assure you that you are not in any trouble… I won’t keep you too long. Off you go.”

Wait… that’s it?

“Thank you professor,” he got out, almost mumbling it but keeping his meek posture in place as he ducked his head and backed out of the office as quickly as he could. He did glance back at the old man but he was dusting off some ash from atop Fawkes’ head so Harry took the opportunity to make his escape.

“Ya alright there ‘Arry?” Hagrid was, to his word, waiting outside the office for his own turn, but Harry could only nod numbly.

“M’ fine… I’m not in trouble apparently so that’s good,” He admitted.

“As is right! I’ll tell Dumbledore how you were talkin’ to me just as it ‘appened, don’t you worry about a thing,”

Harry deflated some, wanting to say that probably wouldn’t help but decided trying to explain that to Hagrid was so not worth the effort. He’d take whatever information the headmaster could gain from that over needing to spend any more time on this for now.

“Thanks Hagrid,” was all he said instead. “I’m gonna head out then, need to make sure my Hufflepuff friends are alright with what happened.”

“Right, right, off you go! Stay safe,” the giant man instantly waved him off and went back into the office, letting Harry finally free.

Hyper aware of the paintings on the walls he made his way through the hallways with urgency, mind racing but also somehow not thinking of anything. It’d been wiped blank by the pressure of that situation and the… well abruptness combined with how little had actually happened made his head spin. He needed…

He needed a moment to figure out just what the fuck was going on right now.

Luckily, he ran into just the right person.

“Harry!?”

He turned to see Daphne running up behind him, eyes wide—Tracey Davis right on his heels looking a bit confused and wary of the situation.

“Daphne,” He blinked… yeah, Daphne might know.

“I heard what happened—is it true!? What on earth just—eep!” She squeaked as he grabbed her hand and dragged her into the nearest classroom, Tracey startling and following immediately despite looking unnerved. He let her, not really caring if she overheard this as he trusted she’d keep her mouth shut. “What’s going on!?” Daphne demanded, seeming to realize by his expression something was up.

“I have no bloody clue right now,” He admitted in a huff, suddenly pacing the room wildly as he tried to piece it together and the girls seemed to realize he was wound way up right now.

“Start at the beginning then: they’re saying you found Justin Finch-Fetchley petrified just now? But also something about Nearly Headless Nick and Alden Cork?” Daphne prompted, snapping into business mode.

Harry paused in his pacing, clearing his thoughts.

“You tell no one, got it?” He announced bluntly, and she nodded immediately in agreement. “Alden found both Justin and Nick petrified. I didn’t even know it was possible to petrify a ghost, but here we are.”

“Oh shit,” Tracey paled, looking uneasy at that news while Daphne just got grim.

“That’s not very promising, no. But you’re saying Cork found them?”

“I was nearby with Susan Bones. Peeves saw Alden with the petrified and started making a racket, and I got there first—pretty much half the school immediately after that though.”

“You covered for him?” Tracey blinked in complete surprise and also a slight twist of disgust if he wasn’t imagining that. Harry allowed a brief look at the lack of faith, but overall didn’t have time for that.

“Alden Cork and Lake Evergreen are friends of mine.” He informed her with a dead serious tone that got her snapping her jaw shut immediately. If she took it as a threat to back off those firsties, he was happy to oblige. “What’s important is that McGonagall seemed to accept that I was the one to find them and just sent me to the headmaster’s office.”

Now Daphne realized the problem, crossing her arms over her chest.

“What happened.”

“That’s the thing: nothing.” He huffed, and both their brows raised as one.

“Excuse me? What do you mean ‘nothing’?”

“I mean I watched his pet phoenix or whatever catch fire for a second, and then he asked me if I had anything to tell him. I said no and he sent me on my way.” He recalled bluntly.

Tracey gave him a critical look, eyes flickering to Daphne’s back for a second before tisking.

“And you’re… upset about this?”

“I mean, it doesn’t make a lot of sense. It is kind of suspicious.” Daphne allowed, and Harry tossed up a hand in a ‘thank you’ sort of gesture.

“First of all, I was brought immediately to his office and he made me wait for like ten minutes or so but like… how did he know what had happened already? He told me I wasn’t in trouble but like, not one teacher has even asked me what happened so was I about to be in trouble without me having ever said anything? How did he know I’m not the culprit here or even what happened to decide I’m innocent or not? He didn’t ask me anything but if I wanted to offer up any information which obviously I didn’t, so I said nothing and he let me go.” He ranted a bit, crossing his arms over his chest. “Just—what the hell is his problem?”

Daphne finally relaxed some, seeming half amused—or she would’ve if things weren’t so tense.

“With Albus Dumbledore, it’s definitely dangerous to keep talking so saying nothing was the better play. You don’t get any information unfortunately, but on the bright side neither does he. That’s good for now.” She didn’t say it but he knew she meant ‘good for the plan’, until things started happening and they no longer needed to hide Sirus’ upcoming trial. Anything that could’ve risked Dumbledore catching on that Harry was involved with that was too big a risk to take at this point, not when they were this close. “So far as how he knew… well, you know the theory. The paintings talk so if it had to do with a student being injured then they probably told him.”

“Okay, so why don’t the paintings tell us who petrified them in the first place? It happened in the same hallway after all, in the middle of the day!” He countered and she had to pause.

“Well… wait, what hallway was it?”

“Second floor above the entrance hall—I was heading to Gryffindor tower from the Great Hall.”

“That only has murals, doesn’t it? Do they count as spies?” Tracey tossed out there, but it only made them frown harder.

“Okay, so best case scenario, McGonagall relays to Dumbledore that she caught me—along with about fifty other students at the time—in the hallway around Justin, who was petrified. Peeves was shouting about how we did it, and I stepped forward to catch McGonagall’s attention, but I said nothing else. There was no proof of anything, and I was just a kid in a crowd at that point. McGonagall also likes me so I’m betting she didn’t phrase it like I was the culprit exactly, I’m sure. How then, did Dumbledore decide I’m not in trouble? He asked me nothing.”

Daphne’s eyes softened, and she gave a tired sigh.

“Harry, I don’t think you should question this.” She admitted and he blew his top.

“What!? Why not!? That’s about as suspicious behavior as there’s ever been in this stupid bloody school—how can I just ignore it!?” He demanded hotly.

“Because he’s favoring you.” She said bluntly, and he was pulled up short.

“What the hell does that mean? Why would he-” but as soon as he started to form a question he realized and felt sick. “Are you actually serious right now?”

She gave him a sympathetic look. “Unfortunately, I am. Like I said, don’t question it, just run with it.”

“Gross,” he complained, feeling distinctly nauseous all of a sudden.

“Ah, excuse me but what? For those of us who don’t do implication well, what’s that old bastard up to now?” Tracey raised her hand in annoyance at being left out.

Daphne gave her an amused look and with Harry’s ‘whatever’ gesture as permission she elaborated a bit more.

“Because of some other shenanigans we have going on right now, we’re aware that Dumbledore is meddling specifically in Harry’s life, quite a lot actually. The reasoning isn’t exactly secret: ‘Harry Potter’ is practically a celebrity title to most of the wizarding world and an icon of everything anti-dark and anti-dark-lord and such. Dumbledore has his own ‘anti-dark lord’ agenda to uphold so theoretically those two figures should be on the same side… in reality Harry hates the man but needs to pretend to be one of his little pawns less he make an enemy of the leader of the light, which would be a real problem.”

She gave him another pitying look which he accepted because it wasn’t a great situation to be in and he admitted it.

“Harry could’ve actually been the culprit just now and even then Dumbledore would’ve let him off. Can’t have his budding little ‘hero’ think his headmaster wasn’t on his side, after all. Being brought to his office at all was probably McGonagall actually being a fair teacher in thinking Harry needed to be questioned and not realizing he wouldn’t be. Dumbledore likely wouldn’t have called him in at all if he hadn’t been forced like that… or it was all a farce from the beginning to garner trust and favor like he always does. Making Harry think he was about to be in trouble only to let him off would make him look like an ally.”

Harry tapped his foot on the stone floor unhappily. “So he’s giving me the Gryffindor treatment essentially. On the one hand this is great: it means he’s completely bought or is at least pointedly ignoring my less-than-upright traits and probably doesn’t think me capable of any schemes or anything. On the downside it’s so fucking gross I wanna hurl.” He complained.

“The ‘Gryffindor treatment’? What is that exactly?” Daphne raised a brow, seeming very amused by this turn of phrase.

He snorted. “One of Gryffindor’s worst traits is keeping things ‘in the family’, so to speak. Fellow Gryffindors always get the benefit of the doubt without question, while you always jump to conclusions with outsiders. It’s a bad habit they have but it usually means I can do no wrong in their eyes simply because I’m ‘one of them’. Or… I start consorting with outsiders, then they get personally offended by it somehow.”

“Speaking from experience?” Tracey drawled dryly.

“My inner-house politics are my business, and they’ll get over it. Because, as I just said, I’m a fellow Gryffindor which means I can do no wrong.” He snipped. “That our bloody headmaster is also blatantly playing into that bad habit is not a great sign to be honest.”

“I mean, he’s doing it to someone he thinks is a fellow Gryffindor,” Daphne pointed out, and Harry blinked.

“Oh, you think… he’s trying to manipulate me the Gryffindor way?”

She snorted automatically. “The idea there’s a Gryffindor way to manipulate someone is hilarious, but yes that’s pretty much what I’m saying. He’s attempting to build credibility as a fellow lion which, as you said, in your house is all the credibility you need. By treating a fellow Gryffindor as infallible you end up treating them back the same way, right?”

It’s so simple but so unbelievably effective… at least amongst lions it is.

Harry felt like he was getting a glimpse at just how Dumbledore had managed to gain so much power in society and was feeling a bit overwhelmed honestly. How fucking twisted was that…

…but also, kind of brilliant.

He hated to admit it, but it was actually masterful to realize how to manipulate one of the most wild houses like that, and it was so simple but so effective he was kind of getting his mind blown right now. And, against his better judgement, Harry realized that he, being a Gryffindor himself, could completely use this tactic himself if he needed to… and he had made an established goal of being minister one day so…

“What are you thinking right now? You give me anxiety when you look like you’re planning something reckless,” Daphne cut into his racing thoughts and he schooled his face.

“Oh don’t mind me, just having an internal crisis realizing how easily manipulated Gryffindors are. And here I thought it was like herding cats sometimes but it’s way easier than that apparently—and Dumbledore is using that to toy with us all!”

The girls stared at him for a long second…

Then Tracey cracked first by snorting a laugh but trying to smother it in her shoulder awkwardly.

“What.”

“Nothing… just spoken like a true Slytherin, which is weird given you’re—” Daphne just gestured to all of him looking mildly amused, but he just rolled his eyes.

“Not helping.” He complained. “I was so ready to lie my ass of in there and it was all wasted! Now I don’t know what to do with myself!” He flailed his arms about helplessly and got some mixed looks in reaction. “Also his bird just bloody died—like yeah it comes back to life but is it the same bird!? Shouldn’t he be more upset about that?”

“And now you’re rambling. Is there anything else important about this that we should know or are you just venting?” Daphne refocused him and he huffed.

“I dunno. I guess main outcome is don’t tell anyone about Alden: I was the one to find Justin if anyone asks, okay?”

“I mean I could do that for free given we’re already in business plenty, but…” She looked over her shoulder at Tracey, who just rolled her eyes.

“I’ll keep your damn secret. It’s not like I care, nor would anyone ask me anyway.” She dismissed, and she could’ve been lying… but he also recognized that Tracey was probably closer to a ‘normal’ Slytherin than the ilk that Harry himself hung out with. She didn’t feel the need to trade for every little transaction, particularly because this one was so small she could care less who found Justin, just that the petrification monster was still on the loose.

Harry considered himself on very good terms with Daphne now too so he was hoping her being Tracey’s best friend would have her keeping her word for free this once.

“Thank you, it’s much appreciated,” He could still be polite about it though.

“Why do you care about a couple of firsties anyway?” She was curious but he just flashed her a disarming grin.

“Speaking of manipulating Gryffindors, let’s just say Evergreen is an expert and even knowing what she was doing I couldn’t help but get on board. I’d watch out for that one if I were you,” He gave them some ‘friendly’ advice and enjoyed the way they seemed to genuinely mull that over for a second.

“I’ll keep that in mind.” Daphne smiled briefly.

“Is there something I can help you with though?” Harry offered, realizing she’d been searching for him first, he’d just commandeered the conversation so far.

“I was mostly concerned about the petrification news honestly, but actually yes while we’re at it,” She slipped a letter from her robes to hand over, and he suspected he knew what this was. Thankfully Tracy seemed used it and looked bored rather than curious. “You’re friends with the Weasley twins, right?”

“Uh, yeah?”

“Do you trust them?”

“Uh, yes?”

She smiled a bit grimly. “Then you might want to cash in a favor with them… or ten.”

000

Susan had no idea what to do.

“It’s okay, it’s okay… I’m gathering you don’t want to tell me where the Slytherin dorm is, which is totally fine, but can you make it there on your own? How about we go to the hospital wing—Madam Pomfrey can give you a calming draft,” She tried to comfort the boy in front of her but she kind of knew this was all falling on deaf ears.

In her mind, Slytherins always seemed so… put together.

The boy having a full-on panic attack in the dungeon classroom they’d found themselves in was anything but composed though. She felt a bit bad that this was so out of her depth… ‘friendly’ house or not, none of her dormmates had ever flipped out this hard before, over what felt like a simple misunderstanding at best. Yes he’d stumbled upon a petrified student but she’d had no idea a Slytherin could care that much about someone of another house…

If you weren’t Malfoy at least, and really he only cared about one Gryffindor in particular.

Still, the idea that Draco Malfoy would ever be the sobbing mess curled into the corner of the room like Alden was seemed very improbable. Even if Harry were the one to have gotten turned to stone, Susan assumed Malfoy would be after blood, not crying about it. No matter what she thought of the guy, Draco was no slouch and he was not meek or unafraid of fighting back… he just kind of looked that way sometimes since he was always standing next to Harry who was all that but worse.

Draco was just one guy though, not the entirety of Slytherin house, as she was quickly learned by being forced to confront a crying snake and having no idea what to do about it.

She knew the Slytherin dorms were down in the dungeons, but not precisely where. She’d gotten Alden down here as it wasn’t that far from where it had happened, but as she tried to narrow it down the first year at ripped himself from her grip on his wrist and fled into the closest empty classroom. She’d followed out of instinct but… the fact he’d ended up hyperventilating and sobbing into his knees had taken her completely off guard. She really just… had no idea how to handle crying people.

Well, technically she did, as in Hufflepuff a solid hug and an offer to go get some hot chocolate to talk it over went pretty far most of the time. The crying people she’d comforted in the past were usually upset over fights with friends or family, over a failed test, over the stress of finals, over a sad book they were reading, or something like that.

This was different.

Something was really wrong, but she had no idea what it was.

She knew damn well that a hug and some hot chocolate would not be appreciated though, as he wouldn’t even let her near him without freaking out ever harder. So she’d was just standing here, not doing anything to help him right now, but she also could not leave him when he was like this—it seemed unspeakably cruel.

All she could do was kneel in front of him and keep trying to talk sense into him over his unrestrained sobbing, worry gnawing at her stomach that it didn’t sound like he was breathing properly from how harshly he was hyperventilating right now.

“Hey! It’ll be okay! They’re going to fix up the petrified by the end of the year when the mandrakes come in—or, ah, you’re a first year so you don’t know what those are yet, but they’re plants that will cure the petrification and everyone will be alright then! You can ask Professor Sprout about them, she’s really nice in explaining all that to those who are concerned about.” She babbled nervously. She didn’t mention Gryffindor’s ghost because she had no idea how you fed a ghost a potion to cure them of their petrification… much less what force on earth could petrify a ghost at that, but she left that part out for now. Nearly Headless Nick had already died in any case.

The crying didn’t stop and he didn’t lift his head from his knees. Susan worried at the bottom of her lip.

“If you’re worried about what Peeves said then he’s an annoyance at best, don’t pay him any mind! And uh—well, if it’s about what McGonagall might think then she’s really rational, even if you’re a Slytherin she’ll be fair I promise!”

That somehow got a reaction, although it didn’t sound good. He literally choked on his own cries and snapped his head up, face pale and eyes bloodshot, looking worse than a ghoul honestly.

“You can’t tell her!” He shrieked, panicking. “I really didn’t do anything!? I was just walking—I didn’t—I didn’t do anything! I was just trying to find Lake—she said she was in the Library but I got lost!” He wailed, stuttering and breathless as he really wasn’t breathing right.

“It’s okay! I believe you, I believe you!” She tried to put hands on his shoulders in comfort but he flinched away from her touch so hard she jumped back as if electrocuted.

“I’m going to get expelled,” He gasped, face white as parchment—he really looked like he was about to throw up and she panicked a bit too.

“What!? No you’re not, I promise you you’re not! I believe you just found them, and no one is accusing you of anything!” She tried to reason, but she could tell he was barely hearing her.

“I’m going to get expelled… I just got here—I thought magical school was supposed to be fun,” He whimpered. Tears were streaming down his face and she could tell that despite having eyes on her, he was looking right through her instead. “How do people get petrified!? What even is a poltergeist…? Is this even better than being home? Do I have to go home?” He paled even more somehow. “She’ll kill me for having left… oh god…”

“Alden what!?” Susan was taken aback, highly unnerved by this.

“Is this better? I don’t know if this is better—I don’t want to go home but I don’t want to stay here anymore,” He gasped weakly, helplessly. “Slytherin is terrifying and Lake is terrifying and McGonagall is terrifying and—and everyone is so—it’s all so—!? People are getting turned to stone and I—I—I don’t know if this is better?”

“I know it’s really scary right now but the Professors will figure it out—and if not then the Aurors will get called in, you’ll see,” She tried to sooth him but he blinked, uncomprehending.

“What are Aurors? What’s so scary even magical teachers can’t fight it but Aurors can?” He begged for any answer and she pulled back in surprise again.

But also… her stomach sank some.

“Alden are… are you a muggleborn?”

His eyes widened and he bit his lip, but just nervously shrugged. “I… I’m n-not supposed to tell anyone that… Lake said the upper years will torture me if they find out.”

Susan felt a little sick but tried to offer a small smile.

“I’m not sure about them but it’s not a problem for me, okay? But that makes a little more sense… if you have no idea what’s going on, I’m sure that’s really scary.”

“Harry’s the only one who will explain things,” He blurted out, voice trembling and Susan blinked.

“Harry does?”

“I don’t understand anything that’s happening in this school… even McGonagall, when she gave me my letter didn’t explain anything—she didn’t warn me about Slytherin or poltergeists or that the stairs move or the paintings that talk. I don’t know any Latin or what Aurors are or if the Groundskeeper is even human—Harry says he’s nice but he’s so scary…! I don’t like heights but they made me get on a broom and I almost fell and I don’t understand Potions at all but if I’m not good at it my dormmates look at me like I’m crazy and call me a bad snake,” He was rambling fast now, all of it coming spilling out. “I don’t know what’s going on and if I ask a teacher they just laugh it off like everything about this world isn’t terrifying and weird and no one seems to care! I—I don’t know what I’m doing wrong!” He sobbed again, helpless and hopeless and begging someone to just give him an answer for once.

Susan though… realized she had none.

There were plenty of muggleborns in Hufflepuff, but this was the first time she’d ever seen someone fall apart because of the differences between magical and non-magical world. It had never crossed her mind that the things she’d grown up with might be… frightening, to those who’d never seen it before. Didn’t really know what was scary about a paintings but from how he said it she realized the very walls around them—the thousands of paintings decorating Hogwarts’ halls—unnerved him. They very castle itself was alien and overwhelming, and the magical people inside of it didn’t think anything wrong with it so he must’ve felt… very alone in his fear.

She had never considered this to be a thing before, so she really just didn’t know what to say. That it’ll ‘be okay’ seemed hollow as… she realized she had no idea what things were scaring him right now, except the entire magical world in general. How did she apologize or sooth concerns over her entire way of life? She had no idea where to even start as it was just her life up until this point, she didn’t know enough about the muggle world to be able to speak to the differences much less assure him the two weren’t that different.

Their magic theory class that all firsties took last year had seemed painfully boring as it was all just the bare essentials of magic, and only now with an eleven-year-old sobbing in front of her did she realize why they even had that class at all. Because to her it was nothing but something to doze through or a study period her and Hannah spent writing notes to each other, but for some… it was revolutionary, literally world-breaking information to them.

But even that class hadn’t talked about basic basic stuff like paintings. She had never given paintings this much thought in her life before and it was really starting to make her sweat about everything else she didn’t know as she struggled to come up with a single word of comfort for this kid right now.

Muggleborns never noticeably struggled at Hogwarts, so far as she’d noticed… but she hadn’t quite realized how much effort they’d probably needed to give to catch up and make the same grades as everyone else. She’d spent so long trying to learn one spell for Transfiguration and had failed because she just didn’t ‘get it’, but what did her muggleborn classmates just ‘not get’ because they hadn’t grown up with magic?

Going by Alden’s panicked rant here… probably a lot.

But they never talked about it because they were in the magical world now, and were expected to just figure it out—or more accurately, were expected to just know it without anyone really having said anything. They’d all laughed at the wide-eyed firsties getting lost on their first weeks of school or how in awe they seemed at everything in the magical castle before it became old news but… realized for a population of those first years, it really probably wasn’t a laughing matter at all. Maybe there was a humor in it, but if people laughed yet never actually explained… that had to be very confusing and isolating. But they kept it to themselves in an effort to fit in with the magical world around them.

A muggleborn Slytherin probably had it so much worse than one in Gryffindor or Hufflepuff though, as in other houses it was just a bit isolating. For a snake though… it was literally life or death to either catch up or be eaten alive by your housemates. That pressure, placed on the tiny shoulders of an eleven-year-old… had to be insane.

Susan was only twelve herself but already felt kind of nauseous at the mere idea, she couldn’t imagine what Alden was going through right now.

But… she was now vividly aware of why Harry had practically tossed this tiny snake at her and said to get him out of there. McGonagall was strict and scary already, even to a Hufflepuff, but as the lion house head, to a first year Slytherin she was probably as terrifying as they came and Alden probably would’ve fainted rather than handle being questioned by her.

If she’d had any misgivings about deflecting what had happened, they were gone now.

I mean she still had uncertainty over why her when she could only sit here uselessly repeating the same empty banalities again as Alden just cried harder when he’d finally opened up in begging for help and she was here listening but… unable to say anything meaningful back that could stop his fears. Or his tears.

Suddenly, the classroom door popped open with a dramatic bang, and they both whipped around in surprise—Susan about to tell whoever it was to get lost, before she recognized the curtain of red.

You could literally see him across the crowded Great Hall with ease, or effortlessly pick him out in the air of a quidditch match with a dozen other people flying at high speeds—he was recognizable from any distance with that hair.

And despite not knowing when it had started, she felt a distinct sense of relief at his arrival and realized that was something Harry had always kind of been able to do no matter who he was crashing in on. He gave the very comforting aura of being sure of himself, and whether you could agree with his tactics or not he always seemed to have a strong opinion or know what to do in any situation presented.

Even if it was insane, even if it was frankly just weird—he always knew what to do.

And given how lost she felt right now, she was immensely relieved to see him.

“H-Harry!” Alden got out thickly, forgetting to cry for a moment since he also seemed just as reassured and hopeful to see the Gryffindor as Susan herself was.

“There you guys are,” He chirped in satisfaction, closing the door behind him and slipping a large piece of parchment into his outer robe for some reason. “I went to the Slytherin dorm to check up on you but no one had seen you.”

He came over to crouch in their little circle here, seeming to entirely ignore the fact Alden was clearly in the middle of a breakdown with his casual tone, and the small Slytherin stammered awkwardly.

“I—I can’t… I can’t-”

“Oh hey, that’s fine… honestly I said it in the moment but going back probably wasn’t the wisest move, I just couldn’t think of another safe place. This is pretty good though,” Harry waved him off in a gentle, unconcerned tone as he ruffled Alden’s hair in a friendly, brotherly way. “You don’t have worry, Dumbledore thinks I’m the one who found him and we’re gonna keep it that way. He’s a manipulative old bastard so he doesn’t punish Gryffindors and I got off free—we’re all good here.”

Susan was horrified.

“Wait what?”

Harry had the gall to just sigh as if explaining was too tiresome and gave her a wave-off of her own. “I’ll explain later. Your aunt doesn’t like Dumbledore right? Maybe ask her about it again and listen closer this time.”

“I… I guess.” She frowned, distinctly unsure yet again. Yes her aunt had always had a distaste for the headmaster but… actually now that she thought about it they’d never sat down to just talk about the exact reasons why.

“I don’t know what’s going on,” Alden offered up meekly once again, this time clearly to the person he was very hopeful could actually help him—and Harry never disappointed as he gave an amused chuckle.

“Honestly? Me neither. I literally just learned earlier today that accusing people gets you halfway to prison even if you didn’t do anything. Luckily I’m me so accusations never stick,” He shot the kid a wink and Alden sniffled with wet eyes up at him, but had thankfully stopped actively crying for the moment. “For you though, I’ve already taken care of it. I have one of your housemates running interference so the story from here on out is that I found them—I don’t think anyone really noticed or cared you were there and if someone does try to bring it up we can squash the rumor. The Weasley twins are taking care of Peeves, and I’ve taken care of Dumbledore and McGonagall. If you go back to your dorm like nothing’s wrong then no one will even mention it to you.”

Alden sniffled, still giving shuddery breaths that you couldn’t help after sobbing your heart out… but nodded once in understanding. Whatever all that meant, clearly it had more comforting power than Susan’s empty ‘it’ll be okay’ had been.

“Here,” Harry dug into the bag he always had on, suddenly pulling out a familiar periwinkle potion and placing it in Alden’s hand.

“Do you just carry those around with you?” Susan couldn’t help but ask, eyeing it in surprise.

“If I do that’s my business,” He sniffed like it was a joke, skimming right by whatever implication she meant to turn back to Alden pointedly. “It’s a calming draught—should help stop the shuddering you got going on right now. Also I’ve got a ton more if you want them, you can take as many as you want and won’t overdose like you would on muggle medication. Also they don’t taste as bad as normal potions although they’re pretty chalky to be honest.”

The Slytherin looked very uneasy as he gripped the glass of the potion, but clearly trusted Harry’s words a great deal to go for it anyway as he popped the cork and squinted his eyes shut to down it. Once done he looked down in much milder surprise, his color coming back instantly and the tears going cold on his cheeks.

“Oh…” he blinked, admiring the effects as they took hold.

“Pretty nice right? Magic comes in handy sometimes.” Harry joked.

“That… is pretty cool…”

“Again, take as many as you need if you need them, there’s nothing wrong with needing the help. Why do you think I carry so much around? They’re bloody great, they are, I’ll tell you that.” He offered, deftly pulling out six more from the bag and lining it up on floor between them as he spoke. Alden looked at the abundance before him for a second… then nodded again.

Susan couldn’t really argue since her entire suggestion had been to go to Madam Pomfrey for one anyway. Still… the fact a student was walking around with more calming draughts then a medic usually had on hand at a time, much less that he was handing it out to other students freely like this felt wrong somehow.

Not that she was going to bring it up as the crying had stopped, and for that she was thankful enough to ignore everything else.

Harry was not paying her any attention though to see if he face had betrayed her disappointment, nudging Alden’s shoulder annoyingly to get him to speak up about what was bothering him.

“…I feel like I’m doing everything wrong.” The kid admitted quietly.

“Well, I’m telling you now that you’re doing just fine. You’re a first year, your job is to learn and take it all in… and you’re doing just that. I know it’s a lot, but you don’t need to make any grand plans until you understand more about this world: step one is knowing what the situation is in its entirety and step two through however-many-it-takes is the actual practical stuff. You just surviving this year and learning as much as you can, even if it’s a lot, is all that’s asked of you, and I think you’re doing a great job so far.”

He could only curl in on himself some, seeming to silently take those words in but not looking very satisfied about it. Harry sat up and leaned his head back thoughtfully, the motion catching as always when his hair fell back over his shoulder in a bloody cascade he didn’t even seem to notice.

His eyes lit up as he got an idea, bright and enthusiastic as always.

“Alden, do you have a goal?”

“A goal…?”

“Hm… maybe a dream is a better way to put it. Anything you want to do with your life? Anything you want of the next year or month or day?” He explained warmly, patiently.

“… I’m going with Lake for Christmas break. I… I want to have a fun Christmas for once.” He admitted, so quietly Susan was not sure she’d even heard that right.

Harry clearly did though as he lit up like the Christmas tress upstairs.

“What a coincidence, so am I! I found some family I didn’t know about before but will get to meet for the first time this break and am really looking forward to it.” He confessed himself and Susan almost broke her neck doing a double take because what!? What did he mean family? He was rather infamously an orphan, and anyone claiming anything close to the Potter lineage was a huge deal.

Harry wasn’t paying her any mind though as he clapped Alden on the shoulder comfortingly, and his next words had her deciding that bloodline bullshit was actually not important right now.

“How about this for a goal then: you want to have fun every Christmas for the rest of your life.”

She would’ve been confused about that random, seemingly common wish if the wide-eyed look of wonder on Alden’s face, as if that suggestion was the answer to life itself, didn’t make her feel like she was probably witnessing something she shouldn’t.

“But…”

“It’s possible. Fun fact: that’s my goal too.” He admitted with a gentleness Susan didn’t think Harry even capable of, but realized he knew exactly what he was doing when Alden’s eyes got even bigger somehow, round as saucers and the forgotten tears making them all the more heart wrenching somehow. “Go enjoy your Christmas, forget all this for a little while, and when we’re back why don’t you, me, and Lake sit down to talk about how we can get you your goal. I’ve made a little progress on mine already so we can compare notes.”

He clung to every word, before nodding numbly once again.

“Bit less scary if you have a plan, right?”

“Yeah.” The small snake admitted… seeming to consider it for a second on his own before taking another potion sitting beside him and finishing it much more willingly this time. While he did so Harry suddenly got as grabby as he always was and went about fixing his hair for him—Alden running hands through it during his meltdown made it a ruffled mess and as if he was familiar with this treatment the younger year didn’t stop him. He did make a grunting sound though as Harry used the bunched up sleeve of his iridescent cloak that he always wore to rub tears and snot from the firsties face roughly.

That was a bit more like Harry though—he certainly cared, but he also cared about you like a bull in a China shop might.

“Alright, why don’t we go get some snacks in the kitchen to bolster ourselves after all that!” He announced brightly.

“Can we do that?” Alden asked in confusion the same time Susan asked, “You know where the kitchen is?”

“’Do I know where the kitchen is’, please,” The red head scoffed jokingly, properly tossing his hair over his shoulder in an exaggerated manner. “The Weasley twins told me about it first year—I’ve only visited for the first time recently though as, fair warning, it’s really freaky for those who haven’t met house elves before.” He shot that last part mainly to Alden who blinked again.

“Lake has a house elf that brings her things from home… Posti, I think?”

“So you’ve met one! Great!” His cheer dimmed some into a dry look. “The Hogwarts kitchen has about… two hundred or so? And they all run at you when you walk in asking if you want snacks or tea or something, so it’s really overwhelming… but there’s all very nice and happy to make you whatever you want, so it’s worth knowing. It’s also worth going with a friend for your first time,” He winked, and Alden hesitated but nodded that he wanted to try, accepting Harry’s hands and was promptly hauled to his feet.

Susan remained quiet as she stood too, very out of her depth. Hearing Harry explain something so basic like house elves as if they were scary was… eye opening.

“Posti is nice,” the small Slytherin admitted, frowning. “Lake is so mean to her though.”

“I mean in Slytherin there’s a difference between ‘mean’ and ‘cold’, but yeah… purebloods in general don’t think twice about house elves so they don’t really see how horrible the whole thing is from our perspective. Since I’m a trouble maker I have one of the Hogwarts elves tailing me all the time and we’ve chatted a bit—I really do think they’re happy to serve though it takes some getting used to.” Harry had an arm over his shoulders to pull him towards to door, chatting like this was normal and Susan wasn’t once again thrown.

“Horrible?” She couldn’t help but blurt out, Harry giving her a dryly amused look over his shoulder.

“Permanent enslavement of an entire race looks really bad on paper, pretty much always. I mean it looks bad in person most of the time too, but in the muggle world things like slavery are a huge ‘no-no’. You get tossed in prison if you try to short someone their wages much less have another living creature as your servant, unpaid, for their entire lives.”

“I mean yeah obviously, but they’re-” Before she could finish she cut herself off, freezing for a second.

Harry didn’t seem… anything in particular, not mad or upset, but the lack of his normal disarming cheer was enough to make her words die a bit. The green eyes staring at her made her distinctly uncomfortable, as she had no idea what he was thinking right now.

“… they’re ‘just house elves’?” He finish for her slowly, voice betraying nothing. “Be that as it may, the normal world sees all living creatures as… you know, living creatures. It’s this world that for some reason thinks common decency only applies to some.”

… Susan couldn’t respond.

He paused only a second before perking right back up at the first year under his arm like that hadn’t just happened. “On the bright side I’m starting to think house elves genuinely are just happy to serve, weird as that is. And they make the best treacle tart I’ve literally ever had, so let’s go see if they’ll make us some,” He pulled Alden to the door once more, and the kid just blinked, clearly having clung to that conversation with an innocence in his eyes that made Susan uneasy. He was for sure taking in the words, but she wasn’t really sure he if got the gravity of that casual exchange.

To be fair, she wasn’t really sure what she took from the conversation either.

“You got a favorite dessert?”

“Um… I do like the lemon bars they have sometimes...”

“Ugh, you and Draco with the sour things,” Harry complained but leading them from classroom and away from any pervious heavy conversation without looking back.

Susan could only trail after them quietly again. She did want to see the kitchen and had no real reason to leave but… she also felt like she was missing something, or just… wasn’t on the same page as those two anymore. But really… had she ever been?

She went with them but kept mostly to herself, trying to shove her discomfort down but…

…the way he’d said ‘normal world’ instead of ‘muggle world’ wouldn’t leave her alone.



Chapter End Notes

This scene in Dumbledore's office was always weird to me, particularly in the movie where it's set up like Harry's in trouble but they talk about... literally nothing. Nothing plot important at least, except introducing Fawkes to be the deus ex machina later. For this story I take it as Gryffindor nepotism at it's best.

I don't have a good song for Alden but would love some suggestions!

Another for Harry and Draco though:

Like Real People Do: Hozier





Chapter 60: Book 2 : Envy : 27


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“You’re not coming?”

Severus wanted to stick his head into the cauldron they were standing over rather than face the grey eyes he knew were looking at him with disappointment, but he managed to do neither. He just continued stirring the potion calmly, not losing track of which rotation this was thanks to years of practice.

“You sound too much like your mother.” He commented in no small amount of defeat.

He sensed rather than saw Draco pout beside him, near his elbow given how short the boy was as he too took careful note of the potion’s color change rather then dignify that with an answer that would only get him in trouble, surely.

This potion was quite far above second-year level for someone his age to be learning, but when Severus had mentioned that he always spent Saturdays brewing potions to restock the hospital wing, Draco had very bluntly invited himself to bear witness to it, which was such a Narcissa thing to do Severus was starting to realize there was no hope for the boy. For as much as he seemed proud to live up to ‘his father’s’ legacy, he was becoming more and more like his mother and it never failed to terrify Severus.

He'd been fooled, for sure. Tricked, as it were, into thinking he was becoming Lucius’ son’s godfather, given the boy was practically his clone, but the more he started repeating things only Narissa Black would’ve ever said the more Severus was losing hope.

Actually, his hope was well and truly dead at this point because he knew if he so much as glanced at the boy beside him right now, Draco would be giving him sad, disappointed eyes that his godfather wasn’t attending the infamous Malfoy Christmas ball and Severus would undoubtedly be guilted into showing up anyway.

But that was absolutely not going to happen, because he knew for a fact Draco’s ‘plus one’ was a red headed menace and Severus would rather stick his head in this half-finished potion than be trapped in a room to mingle with anyone, but very particularly a Potter.

Not on his life.

“I have a conflict Draco, perhaps next year.” He lied smoothly.

“You’re lying,” The boy bluntly outed him, and Severus felt his temple twitch.

This brat…

He finally looked down at him with a mild glare, earning a grey-eyed stare right back, just much more unwaveringly.

“How blunt of you.” He frowned, and no it was not a compliment.

Draco just stuck his chin up in defiance. “At this point I don’t care how bad people think I am at manipulating people, because the fact is I am. But I’ve learned recently that being actually honest with people freaks my housemates out and now people are actually properly wary of me again. It’s been great!” He chirped and yes, he definitely sounded happy about this development.

Severus silently cursed Narcissa to the pits of hell.

“Again, you sound like your mother.”

“I mean, what are you going to do if it’s the truth? I know you’re lying, you just don’t like talking to people.” Draco complained, Severus suddenly deciding letting him stay to be a peanut gallery over his potion brewing as a terrible idea. This used to be his safe space, it used to be peaceful… now he was just stressed.

Draco had always been seen as a rather mediocre snake given his inability to read between the lines in most cases, much less that he seemed unable to do anything with the information he did obtain. The thing was, apparently he did notice quite a lot, just not the sort of things other snakes typically gave a shit about.

Things like how others felt about certain topics. Peoples’ opinions on things did not typically mean much to Slytherin house, as in the end it never stopped any of them from making the deal or the trade. It was, frankly, information most considered superfluous.

Draco didn’t though.

Draco suddenly found it very important to know what people thought about… well, everything.

And, quite spontaneously he’d suddenly developed not only the ability to nail it when deducing someone’s emotions on a topic, but also the brazen bloody confidence to throw it in peoples’ faces to knock them off their guard. Because yes, Severus did not want to make small talk in a stuffy ass pureblood party, but no one in their right mind had ever called him out on that to his face besides Minerva once about seven years ago—and she’d regretted it. At most people called him a dungeon bat behind his back to reference his anti-social tendencies, and the Slytherins he had around him like Lucius had always politely invited him to things while tip-toeing around his distaste for crowds.

No one, in their right mind, had ever just gone up to him and called him a recluse like this twelve-year-old boy beside him was doing now.

He also couldn’t just turn and glower at him as he really did need to focus on completing the potion properly. Blood replacement drafts were tricky, and he wished the boy would stop talking so he could concentrate.

But he also couldn’t just let Draco get the final word and incorrectly think he was somehow in the right.

“And what exactly are you hoping to achieve by being uselessly honest?” He challenged.

“I’m not being honest, I’m just telling people when their lying sucks.” He huffed, crossing his arms in protest and Severus actually spared the potion a moment to simmer and shot him an incredulous look, to which he got a defiant look volleyed right back. “No one has ever held back when telling me that I suck so why the hell would I hold back either? You tell me all the time I’m too naïve and up front about things so it’s only fair I tell you right back that no one ever believes your angry persona or whatever, everyone just knows you don’t like talking to people.”

Severus felt a headache coming on but forced himself to keep his composure for the sake of finishing this damn potion.

“If you’re aware of that then why are you still talking?”

Draco gave a little scoff. “What, so all your lessons about me being too considerate of others’ opinions meant nothing? Or was your opinion the exception somehow? I’m not supposed to care what anyone else thinks except you, then?”

Hm… this ‘mentor’ thing might have backfired a bit.

“In the spirit of being honest, then yes, that’s exactly it.”

He could almost sense Draco roll his eyes behind him but he did fall silent then as the most complicated part of the potion came up. It required adding the precise right ingredients at exactly the right pace, and as the ficedula roots needed to be chopped exactly three seconds before being added in while stirring counter-clockwise at one full turn every two seconds, Severus needed all this attention and dexterity for the next couple minutes to complete it. He did note in the back of his mind that Draco’s silence implied he knew how difficult this part was and was letting him do it in peace… though he was sure he hadn’t taught or even given the boy the texts about this particular potion yet.

So he’d been doing his own reading, it seemed.

He did enjoy the silence and sense of order that came from giving his entire focus to a potion he’d done many times before, as despite his experience it still required his full attention momentarily. The sense of peace the routine-yet-difficult task afforded him was nice, and as he finished the remaining steps he let it rest at a low simmer where it would stay for the next eleven minutes, giving him a small break.

He glanced back at his godson who was dutifully writing in one of his journals what he’d just observed, and it never failed to make Severus slightly uneasy at just how intently he was always watched when Draco wanted to know something. Why he wanted to know this potion was beyond him though.

He did however, get very suspicious when he couldn’t help but notice he was writing these notes of his beneath a very detailed drawing of what looked like a human heart—clearly shakily done in his own hand but not a half bad rendition either, clearly copied carefully from something else.

“Is there a reason you’re so interested in the circulatory system then?” He raised a brow, Draco lifting his head from his note to stare blankly back at him.

“Is the blood replenishing potion not related?” He countered.

“Technically.” Severus allowed, but not about to let it drop. “That is not strictly needed information when learning to brew it though.”

The blond frowned some, putting his quill in it’s well beside him almost distractedly. “Yeah but… technically it’s not unimportant either. You said rate of ingredient adage was directly related to the rate of absorption, and the rate of absorption is directly linked to how big someone’s circulatory system is to be able to handle this potion. Which means the circulatory system or how big or old someone is, is directly related to this potion’s dosage. You would need double the amount of potion I would in order to get the same effect, and that would be kind of important to know when giving it to someone, right?”

Severus stared.

To be truthful, he’d very rarely ever given someone one of his potions to drink. This one in particular he gave to Madam Pomfrey in bulk and he was just now learning she was probably dosing it out properly depending on who she was giving it to—adults or children, as needed. Of course he knew about dosages… but everything he made was for adult dosages, he had never considered until this moment that children might actually need smaller volumes than what he bottled.

Not that he was about to admit that—he was the potions master here, thank you.

“That’s not precisely information that will be on any test.” He deflected instead, and luckily Draco just rolled his eyes.

“That’s really hypocritical coming from you—half of what you teach me will never be on the OWLs or any test that you don’t write yourself. Isn’t the purpose of brewing potions to give them to people eventually? I would think knowing how to do that properly would then be pretty important.”

He made a point, but that’s not really how the world worked.

“Healers diagnose and dose potions—potion masters simply create them. I brew for the art and the craft itself.” He said simply, checking the time as he did so to meter how long he had left until he needed to start stirring again.

He didn’t see Draco’s face flicker behind him as he did so.

“So healers don’t brew the potions but they are expected to know how they work?”

“I’m sure you could ask Madam Pomfrey if you’re that curious.” Severus gave a shrug, not really understanding this line of questioning. “There’s a lot more to healing than just knowing the potions and charms required, just as there’s a lot more to brewing potions than a healer would ever have time to understand properly. I know the Madam can brew better than anyone else at this school besides myself, but she rarely does so when she has me at her disposal.” He explained.

Draco’s face frowned even more deeply. “Ironic since she said you could probably heal the best in the school besides her.”

Severus paused… and pointedly turned from the potion to raise a brow at his godson who froze at the look he was getting.

“So you have talked to her already.”

“Were you… not aware of that?”

“Was I supposed to be aware?” He countered right back, suspicion making itself known. “When are you spending large amounts of time in the hospital wing then, Draco? I know for a fact if you were injured then Narcissa would be in my ear immediately about why I didn’t inform her.”

Grey eyes flickered to the side a bit, but then he just shrugged with a tense air about him.

“It’s not me, it’s Harry. Idiot gets hurt all the time,” He half muttered, and Severus was not touching that with a hundred-foot pole.

The last half of the semester had been relatively peaceful for him, Severus finally managing to just ignore the Potter brat’s existence most of the time. Draco seemed to be busier and not just hanging out with that menace for no reason so the topic rarely came up outside of class times, and even then Draco being a diligent student meant Potter also just shut up and brewed beside his partner. It left Severus free to happily pick off points on the Gryffindor side of the room and completely ignore them.

The most serious thing to note had been that damn firecracker nearly roasting the boy… but he hadn’t had a reaction and actually finished the potion again without complaint. Ever since the boy had been near silent in his class, Severus catching him eyeing everyone in the room warily and knew the boy was now just on guard against a repeat. Which, good because potions were dangerous and now he was taking it seriously.

It had to have hurt, Severus knew that better than anyone. He wasn’t about to lose his record and let anyone die in his class, much less this specific brat that was so critical to Dumbledore for some reason… much less Lily’s son.

He would not let the boy die, obviously he wouldn’t.

He wouldn’t let anyone die because he was a teacher damn it.

But he also was not about to think twice about the red-headed terror’s non-reaction either, because he seemed fine enough, so fine he was.

Draco’s comment to how much Potter got injured did make him realize the boy probably was more than a little danger prone, so spending a lot of time near Madam Pomfrey was probably the reason he was suddenly asking about the difference between healers and potion masters.

And now that he was thinking about it, he hadn’t really had a conversation with Poppy in a bit—at least not the strictly business exchanges they’d had where she informed him what potions she needed restocked. Actually these days he often just found a letter on his desk with the requests; she hadn’t been down to make the visit herself in… well at least a month but he honestly couldn’t remember when it started.

He couldn’t be too shocked either, Potter alone probably took up half her time with injuries, much less being on call for if another petrified student was found. The real reason though, he suspected, was that she was much closer friends with Minerva, who was not his biggest fan at the moment.

That the Gryffindor head of house was so clearly favoring the Potter brat and actually picking arguments with him in staff meetings for his bullshit all of a sudden was really fucking annoying, but Dumbledore didn’t seem to care to intervene at all. At this point he was losing steam in actually being willing to fight back because she was exhausting and stubborn as hell; he just didn’t have the energy or time for that anymore when there were actual staffing things to discuss. It didn’t help that no one ever really came to either of their aides—at least not publicly. Severus strongly suspected Pomona and Filius agreed with Minerva but were keeping it to themselves for the sake of peace or neutrality or something.

However, none of them ever made casual trips to his classroom to talk, pretty much ever. Being isolated in the dungeons was one thing, but it had never really stopped anyone before when visiting Aurora in the astronomy tower if he were to go about making comparisons.

Not that he was complaining… he suspected the lack of visitors was actually partly the reason why his semester had been so peaceful, so he kind of enjoyed it. It was that he also wasn’t unaware of the tensions and divides happening amongst the staff right now, so he wasn’t overly shocked that Poppy had silently chosen a side herself and was keeping a distance between them.

However… just because he wasn’t personally missing any of them, didn’t mean this was a good thing ultimately. The dark lord having possessed Quirrell last year was a bad omen, as it implied he was not nearly as gone as everyone would love to think. If there was any chance he could return… Severus was hyper aware that his only value after all this time was as a spy to Dumbledore on the dark lord’s behalf, and frankly vice versa as well. If something were to ever happen and the lines got more firmly drawn, Severus did not want to be on the wrong side of it—he wanted to be able to play both fields and therefore be able to choose which side had the best chance of survival.

Poppy distancing herself was… not good. She was infamously strict, but one of the strongest neutral parties in this entire school. He had heard tell that she’d once declined a personal invite from the dark lord himself and was not only still alive but perfectly fine so… she was not someone he wanted as an enemy. While he didn’t mind the distance, he needed to know she still accepted him, because Minerva clearly had public issues with him now and those two women were the closest to Dumbledore personally—if they began questioning him openly, while it might not ultimately change things now, he was sure the headmaster would start to reconsider things in a time of open war.

He did not believe Dumbledore would ever discard him, going off of his reasons for switching sides.

He did however believe that the senile old bastard would start to share less with him in a heartbeat if he wasn’t squeaky clean in his shows of loyalty, and since Severus needed information like he needed air to survive, that couldn’t happen.

On the flip side, if the dark lord ever commanded him to obtain information on one of his colleagues, and Severus only struck up a conversation with them for the first time during a time of active conflict, after years of being divided, he would immediately be far too suspicious of a spy.

Which meant… he shouldn’t be picking fights with Minerva anymore, and he should be making some effort to communicate with his coworkers. He needed to sooth the divide between him and them before anything else happened and it was too late.

Ugh.

“Are you thinking of socializing with people again?” Draco brought him out of his internal musing and he couldn’t help but roll his eyes.

“Why would I tell you that?”

“I was just saying… it was kind of obvious.” Draco stuck his tongue out and Severus flicked him on the forehead to get him to shut up—earning a loud complaint of pain as a reward.

“I’m not going to your little party as I have duties to attend to here. Winter break is for students, but teachers still work to plan for the coming semester and I had planned to discuss things with my colleagues without interruptions.” He glanced pointedly at him in reference to the interruptions he was talking about.

Draco rolled his own eyes that time but gave up, releasing a hefty sigh.

“Fine, whatever…” He grumbled. “I would think you’d want to get out of the castle given there’s a petrification monster wandering around.”

Severus just tisked, unphased.

One of those more important things to discuss at staff meetings over him bickering with Minerva just so happened to be this petrification issue, but Dumbledore was only too happy to eat up time letting two of his staff members slide back-handed comments at each other rather than addressing the monster in the castle. Still, it came up every time the staff gathered and at half their meals at this point and they’d gotten nowhere.

They’d run every ward and diagnostic spell known to man—and a couple Severus knew that the Ministry might not strictly know he knew—but the castle was the same as it always was. For all the traces they’d found, students were spontaneously just turning to stone with no apparent cause, and the idea it was some kind of creature, specifically Slytherin’s creature of some sort, was yet to be proven.

The idea the Chamber of Secrets was even real was yet to be proven, as Severus had done a lot of research in his life as head of Slytherin house with zero evidence to support that myth had even an iota of truth to it. It was a fairytale that got passed down to get little snakes exploring the halls of their school in hopes of finding it, like a generational prank more than anything of actual substance.

From what he’d gathered from his own house, the whole Mrs. Norris thing seemed a little too dramatic for a proper snake… not that they didn’t have some serious duds in their ranks but let’s just say those unsharpened blades did not quite have the talent to unearth a petrification spell on anyone. The cat had also been cut open for her blood after being petrified they’d found, so there was a good chance some twisted student found a frozen Mrs. Norris and decided to pull a prank. That was something someone like Marcus Flint would do in a heartbeat, and going by the loud boasting he was doing during potions classes to get a rise out of his lion counterparts, Severus could easily buy he’d done it just to cause animosity and fear.

He wasn’t against it, not entirely. He knew enough dark arts that he doubted any kind of sudden attack or weird flux in the castle would permanently damage him, so he personally was not that worried. Besides, the potion to fix it was pitifully easy, Poppy could do it in her sleep once the mandrakes came in, and Pomona was growing enough to get them a ten year supply of disenpetrification brew, so it really wasn’t that big a deal if it did turn out to be the castle just deciding to freeze people randomly. In a couple months it would be easy to fix and Severus kind of hoped it was just the castle being weird… Hogwarts was plenty weird and frankly he’d seen it do weirder in his time living here.

Honestly he kind of understood: if he needed to spend a thousand years housing so many annoying brats and angsty teenagers, he’d start petrifying people too if he could. He probably wouldn’t last ten years much less however long Hogwarts had been putting up with their shit.

But even if all that weren’t pretty believable, the most likely reason was the rumor he’d picked up on that Lockhart had unwittingly brought some dark object with him and had no idea he was causing this mess.

That man, was absolutely useless.

Worse than dumb, because he was just clever enough to have an ego the size of the moon and was really fucking annoying about it. Severus had been avoiding him like the plague, as seeing him at staff meetings was frankly too much of him already.

He was so confidently incompetent though, Severus didn’t doubt for a second he’d picked up something insanely dark and was probably fucking wearing it with his stupid sparkly robes distracting everyone away from whatever it was. He’d done a couple subtle wards to see if he could find anything on the idiot but nothing had come up… but even without proof Severus hated him so much he couldn’t help but still believe it was somehow the buffoon’s fault.

The nail in the coffin though was trying to bring this suspicion up to Dumbledore, who’d dismissed him out of hand.

Severus had worked for the so-called leader of the Light long enough to know that if Albus Dumbledore dismissed your concerns, it was because he had something to do with the concern in the first place. Maybe he genuinely didn’t know what this petrification deal was all about, but he was sure as help benefitting off of the situation somehow and didn’t want people to look closer.

The fact parents were not contacted en masse, how the Ministry had not been informed nor Aurors permitted to come onto school grounds, how barely any time was given to discuss the issue at staff meetings, how their own fucking headmaster gave them no guidance or game plan about what to do or how to comfort their students’ concerns and everything they’d done so far had been of their own initiative… and then finally, how any concern or suggestion to what it might be was dismissed or given a grandfatherly nod of support but no concrete confirmation or attention, really drove home that Dumbledore didn’t want this situation to change at all. Either he also believed it was just the castle being weird, or he knew something they didn’t and wasn’t sharing… or neither of those things were true and Albus had no idea what it was but was still using the situation to his advantage for something else entirely unrelated, giving zero fucks about the students and staff who might get petrified before the potions were done.

Not that he ever cared.

And well, if Dumbledore wasn’t going to care, and more importantly wasn’t going to make him pretend to care for once, then Severus was not wasting a second more than necessary on something clearly the headmaster was handling. For better or worse, as by now Severus knew better than anyone that Albus Dumbledore was fully capable of using any situation for the worse, but at the very least he knew he was not expendable to the old man, so he’d probably be fine. He had never been able to do anything about Dumbledore’s complicated schemes anyway, so he was just going along with it for now.

He wasn’t spending any more time on it until he was told otherwise, and that included giving credence to Draco’s comments about it either.

“That’s for me to worry about, never you mind.”

The boy huffed, but had mercy for once and dropped it, finally switching back to potions as he always did.

“Where did you get the ficedula root?”

“I have a trusted Herbologist I get most of my rarer ingredients from,” Severus gave him another blank look. “No I’m not telling you where.”

“Why not?”

“For some reason your sudden interest in obtaining materials makes me think you’re brewing behind my back.”

Draco looked offended, small face crumpling into a scowl. “That’s cruel, when have I ever broken one of your rules? Like I’d risk you being my tutor just to blow myself up on a NEWT level potion.” He made his annoyance at Severus’ implication about his intelligence known.

“Why do you need ficedula root then?”

“I don’t, I’m just curious about where someone would get random things like this. I know for a fact it’s not sold in stores in Diagon but I did see it in Contrair Alley once. I was suspicious is all.”

Severus fully turned to give him an incredulous look.

“When have you been to Contrair?” he was very taken aback… as a half-blood obviously he’d slunk his way down there a time or two, particularly because those Odd Solutions or whatever they were really were handy sometimes… but on his life he would’ve never imagined a Malfoy would set foot on that street.

Draco’s ears went red but he puffed out his chest defiantly. “Harry took me once. It was lame but it had it’s uses.” He refused to be embarrassed although his posture clearly said he kind of was.

Severus wanted to say more but he was honestly distracted by the news. Ficedula root was notoriously difficult to grow, much less harvest, which is why he had so far needed to order it from a specialty Herbologist on Hogwarts’ dime for the hospital wing. He’d never actually been able to purchase it himself given how pricy it was due to its rarity and difficulty. It was so difficult in fact, that St. Mungos sometimes requested him for blood replenishing potions when they ran short, and sometimes it was definitely because the on-site potion brewers over there couldn’t find the ingredients they needed to get the proper potion volumes in stock. His Herbologist contact actually specialized in only six ingredients, but they were all insanely difficult plants to cultivate, and the man spent his entire life on those six plants alone thanks to the specialty.

That it was being sold in a shop down in Contrair Alley had him highly intrigued and suspicious. Either it was a terrible knock off, badly yet cheaply grown… or it was genuinely publicly available ficedula root and if that were the case he was making a trip as soon as the students were out of the castle for break.

“Interesting. What exactly did you see then?”

Draco tilted his head as he remembered back. “The most interesting was the ficedula, but I guess also the literal bucket of Theraphosidae hair was also pretty cool. I have no idea how they got that much, you’d need to shave like a million spiders, easily.”

Another very difficult ingredient to get. He needed to start going to Contrair apparently.

Severus was thrilled the conversation had gone back to potions, much less his favorite topic of where to get the ingredients he needed. The less he needed to ever give thought to… well, literally anything else, the better.

Merry Christmas to himself indeed.

000

The potions master was so enthralled in tending to his potion and listening to tales of the Contrair Alley Apothecary, he didn’t see Draco silently close his book behind him, tucking the notes on healing out of sight before his mentor could wonder too closely about it.

Yeah… Draco probably wasn’t the best snake out there. He knew he missed a lot of things he shouldn’t—things everyone else thought were obvious. He knew Theo in particular was silently getting angrier by the day that he wasn’t picking up on things, but Draco was so lost as to what he wasn’t seeing that at this point he didn’t really know how to catch up.

What he did know though, after over a year in Slytherin house and delicately (desperately) walking the tightrope game between Slytherin and Gryffindor for the sake of everything he wanted out of life, was how to read people.

He did not know why Theo was mad at him, but he knew the mousey Slytherin was silently pissed. Despite the fact the guy never so much as snubbed him or glared at him, he knew by the way blue eyes would follow him over that ever-present book sometimes when he and Blaise were talking around him. Theo never joined the conversation but sometimes Draco knew whatever he was saying was pissing his quiet roommate off to the pits of hell.

He did not know why but he knew Greengrass was extremely upset about something, always when it was them and Harry talking at lunch or some study session. He didn’t know what triggered it but he could clock on immediately when something in the conversation reminded her of whatever was on her mind that seemed to be churning in her stomach sickeningly.

He also had no fucking clue why Blaise did anything that he did, but he also knew the Zabini heir was well and truly unhinged going by how honestly happy he was anytime someone brought up the petrification monster haunting their school days now.

He resigned himself to his fate, because he also unfortunately knew a little bit more about how Gryffindors worked compared to his own house, and they were way easier to read.

Harry, was easy to read.

Draco had no idea what triggered any of his moods, but he could also see when his best friend was upset from across the Great Hall. He could tell he was pissed off no matter his poker face, and he could tell when he was trying not to cry even if he was actively smiling or laughing it off. He could tell how afraid he was to even breathe a word about that werewolf of his, how terrified he was that this would be the thing that finally made Draco walk away.

Again, he resigned himself.

If only he could figure out why Harry did anything he did, his life would be much easier but… so far that perception remained out of his reach for now.

Draco didn’t know why anyone did anything, but he could practically sense what they felt about it at this point. He’d only just recently started attempting to use that skill to actually get his way when he could, and as always he had only gotten bold enough to use it first on his godfather before anyone else. Severus would always cut him back down to size if he was too overconfident, or if whatever tactic he was attempting to use sucked, he felt safer to do it to his mentor who wouldn’t immediately use it to ruin his social life like Blaise would.

Still… despite feeling like he had a safety net here and being perhaps a bit too cocky with his godfather, he was not really expecting for it to work… quite so well.

Things Draco knew about his godfather: the man loved potions more than anything in the world, he did not like talking about the dark lord, he did not like socializing with anyone (ever), and above all… he wanted nothing to do with Harry.

Even worse than talking about Gryffindors, even worse than talking about Dumbledore or the dark lord or inviting him to a hundred tea parties with his mother, Draco knew Severus would rather him spit into the potion he was brewing right now than ask him his thoughts about ‘Harry Potter’.

And Severus took potion brewing about as seriously as he took breathing, so Draco knew his… maybe not hatred, but his die-hard dedication to ignore that Harry even existed was a very powerful thing.

Again, Draco had no idea why, but he suspected Severus would ignore every red flag imaginable if they just so happened to be waving over Harry’s head—anything at all to avoid the topic of that particular Gryffindor.

Draco knew he wasn’t a good liar, especially not to his godfather who’d practically taught him everything he knew about the skill. So when he’d come close to bringing up the lessons on healing he’d been taking from the Madam, and Severus hadn’t known what he was talking about… he’d back pedaled instinctively.

Information was a Slytherin’s lifeblood and it was very rare Draco ever knew something someone else didn’t, but especially his godfather. Just because he didn’t often get a chance to use it didn’t mean he hadn’t learned the lesson to shut your mouth and never give away information for free since birth.

The only person immune to his new ability to pick up on peoples’ emotions thus far was Madam Pomfrey, whose prim and business-like mask never wavered a second to give him a clue what she actually thought about anything. But, he already knew she was scary so he didn’t push too hard with her out of respect… and a healthy dose of fear.

He was under the impression teachers talked to each other, so he had never really thought to just bring up to his godfather his apparent penchant for healing. In fact last time Madam Pomfrey had patched up a burn he’d gotten from sitting too close to Finnegan while he blew up yet another charm, by the time he’d gotten back to his dorm he’d had a letter from his mother waiting on his bed to scold him about being more careful. The Madam had clearly informed his mother who had sent a house elf to deliver her words—all of it probably hadn’t taken 40 minutes, tops.

Things his mother knew, Severus ultimately knew since he was her eyes on her son while at Hogwarts, so Draco hadn’t even considered his godfather wouldn’t know. He’d fully assumed his parents and pretty much every other adults in his life knew about his new ability and hobby here, but if Severus didn’t know then… potentially, his parents didn’t know either. Actually, Draco was completely sure his parents didn’t know, because if his mother knew then she would have told Severus to watch him like a hawk to ensure he wasn’t doing anything dangerous given it was an unknown ability to her.

But WHY would Madam Pomfrey not tell his parents? She told them everything else!

Then again… he couldn’t read her. He had no idea what she thought about anything, but he did trust her implicitly. She was too freaking intimidating to dare question, so he just hadn’t… ever.

And maybe he’d panicked for a moment, realizing he was now caught between two choices: follow the Madam’s lead and say nothing, or confide in his godfather what he’d been up to for weeks now. Months, honestly, entirely oblivious that his new hobby was apparently a secret?

I mean, it didn’t have to be a secret, right? Why would he hide anything from his godfather or his parents?

As soon as the thought formed though… he instinctively decided to keep it to himself.

For now.

No apparent reason exactly, he just decided was all.

So he’d brought up Harry, and true to his suspicion Severus had dropped the subject like a hissing snake and been happily distracted by the talk of potions ingredients, no longer pressing the question line of why Draco suddenly cared so much about how potions were used in healing. Talking about ingredients he certainly did seem to be in a much more chipper mood than Draco had ever really seen him be before… which just further drove home the fact that even his own godfather didn’t really enjoy talking to him about anything non-potion related. He didn’t take it personally as Draco was pretty sure there wasn’t anyone on earth his godfather actually liked to talk to—the fact he let him in here in the first place was probably enough.

It was just a hobby, after all. He didn’t need to bother Severus with something he’d probably get bored of eventually.

Besides, Severus didn’t want to talk about Harry so… he probably wouldn’t want to hear how he discovered this ability, nor why he’d been looking into it in the first place. He might have a stroke.

Convinced he was doing his godfather a favor by keeping his new hobby to himself, he relaxed back into talking potion ingredients since it was their last chance to catch up before break.

000

“Thank you again!”

“Don’t mention it… I mean that literally.” Melinda didn’t even blink twice to let him into the Slytherin common room behind her, immediately walking off to her dorm rather than acknowledge him more than that, but he took it as a win. While she still had approximately zero interest in dealing with anyone (the issue with Lockhart seeming to be an isolated incident) she also didn’t seem to take issue with anyone either.

Which was promising when it came to Gryffindors, less so as it also applied to people like Pansy Parkinson to whom she was routinely sitting with at meals and in classes. Girl probably should’ve been grey for how little she actually care about… well, anyone actually.

And Harry wasn’t giving up exactly, but he considered this complete indifference about his presence an acceptable status quo for now.

Saving Melinda for later though, he had some people he wanted to wish a happy break to before they all parted ways tomorrow morning… and if he was trying to distract himself from the sheer excitement and fear about actually getting to finally meet Remus in person and have a real Christmas with someone he might consider family for once, he was also ignoring that for now.

The Slytherin common room was actually very populated, as true to his suspicion even the most uptight of houses wanted to just laze around and chat after finals had officially been declared done. He hadn’t had a chance to see any of his snake friends since the testing had started, given they were all way too busy last-minute cramming to bother with him and he sensed his presence would be unwelcome.

Also, the other houses had very much demanded his appearances: Ravenclaw for his feedback on how his Transfiguration final went, and Hufflepuff because as they finished tests wanted to have celebratory meals after each one and he was somehow expected to attend all of them. Gryffindor, in true lion fashion, had a meltdown right before each test when everyone realized they hadn’t studied properly and needed to emergency cram, so he’d stuck to Gryffindor tower to show some house pride for once and participate in the last minute memorizing episodes. Which, he said as if he weren’t one of them doing the exact same thing before his Charms and History of Magic finals; he only really had his act together for Transfiguration and everything else thanks to some good study partners over the semester.

Still, that meant his balance between houses was off and he at least wanted to wish Theo a happy break.

Screw Blaise and he’d be talking to Draco every day anyway.

He didn’t want to draw attention to them but he also wanted to check in on Alden and Lake to see how their first finals had gone, though despite everything else they’d been struggling with thankfully school work had never been an issue for either of them. Overwhelmed as he was, Alden had a much quieter interest in magic than someone like Colin, but he still had the first-year-wonder of reading textbooks like they were fantasy novels which made learning much easier.

Still, as he did a quick scan of the area to be sure he wasn’t going to step into something he shouldn’t in the more-crowded-than-normal common room, and before he could locate any of his targets, a figure came running at him.

He almost had his wand in hand in defense at the sudden motion since no one ran in the Slytherin common room—

—before he realized it was Blaise and oh yeah… the Zabini heir did whatever the fuck he wanted.

“Harry my love.” He was instantly on him and Harry had to take step back at the sudden harassment. Someone was excited and he vaguely wondered who’d died.

Since his awareness was up from the scare, he noticed a table of fifth or sixth years in the center area whip around at his arrival with wide-eyed looks.

Weird. What was their problem? He’d been here all year, why were they surprised now?

He couldn’t really focus on that though, when Blaise was practically shaking him to grab at his attention.

“Gross,” He huffed bluntly at the endearment, but Blaise had gossip in his eyes and clearly didn’t care about his reaction. “What’s up?”

“I would like to make a trade!” He announced proudly, concluded with a short: “Fuck off Greengrass.”

Harry blinked.

“Wait what?” Then he turned to where the tall Slytherin was looking and did a double take to realize Daphne had somehow appeared behind him and was now scowling harshly up at Blaise.

“You bitch!”

“You snooze, you lose—now shoo!”

“I’m gonna vomit,” She drawled acidly and went to shove past him, but he neatly dodged her shoulder check like it was nothing, having fully expected it.

Without missing a beat he had an arm looped in Harry’s and was dragging him off to the side of the room they normally didn’t sit at—to one of the smaller tables with only two chairs and Harry immediately knew something was up if this needed to be private. He didn’t think he’d ever had a proper one-on-one with Blaise before and not sure how good of an idea this was.

“Come, come—much to discuss!” Blaise practically sang and it didn’t really help his nerves.

“I’m not so sure I want to trade with you right now. Seems like a lot of stress for the holidays.”

“Oh please. It’ll be fun!”

“Define fun.”

“It’ll be interesting!”

“Define interesting.”

“It’ll be profitable!”

“Hm.” Harry had to admit that was actually tempting. He was not exactly in need of money but given who this was there was a possibility he wasn’t talking about galleons when he meant profit. Blaise tended to consider information worth way more than money.

On the other hand Daphne clearly wanted to beat him to it and she usually meant money, so he’d have to find out.

As he was promptly dumped in a seat, he resigned himself to his fate.

“Okay, what’s this about then?”

“Rumor has it you’re attending a tea tasting this spring,” Blaise immediately jumped to it with a glint in his eye that Harry didn’t like.

“I never confirmed anything of the sort. Considering maybe.”

“But you’ve been invited.” Blaise didn’t ask and Harry instinctively knew not to give him any information. Draco had said whoever gave him his official referral would have a huge political advantage and despite having freaking shrugged when he said it, going by the two grey heirs’ intense reaction to this news he was wondering if the Malfoy hadn’t seriously underplayed something here.

“I didn’t say that either. What do you want?” He demanded bluntly.

“Don’t be like that, I’m not necessarily after your referral… though if you wanted to let my mother give you one I’m sure we could think up a price to suit your tastes,” His eyes glinted but at least he already knew Harry was most likely not going to take him up on the offer.

That being said… he hadn’t given it a ton of thought about who he would ask, but if letting him flee to Italy for a summer on the Zabini’s family dime was a worthy the price he may have to reconsider some things.

“I’m weighing my options currently. Obviously, I have a lot.” He shrugged nonchalantly instead.

“I had figured, but you have one more if you wanted it.” Blaise waved it off uncaringly. “What I’m really after is that if you’re going to be attending tastings and reopening the previous Potter deals, obviously you’ll have pretty much anyone you want as potential buyers… but only if people know you’re selling.” He gave a sharp grin.

Harry used every trick Hermonie’s book on controlling your emotions ever taught him to keep his face straight and pretend like he was musing this over carefully.

Truth was, he had no idea what the ‘previous Potter deals’ were. Obviously they’d died out with his parents but apparently people were very interested in getting them back now that he hinted he was going to start taking an interest in his bloodline’s businesses.

So he put on a face and bluffed the best he could.

“So you want to what, be my advocate? Or in true gossip-whore fashion you just want to be the ones spreading the details of my business.” He tried to figure out.

Blaise had the decency to look humble, despite the fact Harry knew he was only doing it to be polite.

“I mean obviously my family would be buyers as well, you know how it is.” He flashed a grin and Harry schooled his expression into a narrowed look that he hoped was interpreted correctly as being wary of him as always instead of more than a little concerned over what it was he wanted to buy, much less why. “You don’t need to be a friend of the family to make a little purchase here and there though, that’s just normal business. But just think of how many people are interested in buying but aren’t sure how to get in contact with you? My family would be only so helpful getting you the right people, right?”

Harry tapped the table in front of him distractedly like he was considering it—in reality he was just trying to imagine what this previous family business his father once had that people wanted so badly. He was trying to think of how many people there might be, but honestly he had no fucking clue.

He would not be cluing Blaise into that weakness though… but something caught his suspicion that he decided to take a gamble on.

He tapped a finger to his chin with a playfully narrowed look. “Given I’m an orphan I’ll admit I’m still getting back up to speed with everything I’ve inherited, but I swear I don’t recall there ever being a Zabini name in any of my father’s previous dealings.” He mused, forcing down a grin at Blaise’s sniff.

Caught him.

“Alright so maybe Potters of past haven’t really cared much for Slytherins besides that one moment of insanity where they married into the Black family,” He admitted, sounding annoyed by that. “But you dear are so much different than those that wore their reputation of rampaging lions so proudly… you’re so much more flexible than that, aren’t you?”

He locked onto his gaze and Harry vividly remembered Susan’s comment about flirting with Slytherins in the worst possible time.

Hoping to distract how his cheeks got hot he glared, praying Blaise interpreted it as anger instead.

“That is my family you’re talking about there,” Righteous anger was believable from a Gryffindor, he hoped. No reason to let this asshole know how little Harry actually cared about blood ties and the useless reputation of people long since dead. He was the last living Potter so whoever he became was what the name now meant, that was the end of it. “I will admit you’re not wrong, I would be willing to work with Slytherins at large—with anyone actually if the price was right, honestly. And if I could trust them, that is.”

“Insulting my pride as someone who upholds their end of the deal is a bit rude dear,” Blaise snipped politely—for him. “I didn’t do you wrong with the parseltongue nonsense, did I?”

Harry had to admit, he really hadn’t let him down at all. He just wasn’t sure if he wanted to say that out loud officially. Decided to skate right by that question.

“Just because I would be willing to work with anyone under the right situation, doesn’t mean I think this is the right situation. I’m taking this slow as I am only twelve right now and frankly have bigger plans than business for this current year. I was only considering attending the tasting this spring, and even then only as an attendee to see it myself for the first time.”

“But when you do decide you have something worth selling, you’ll think of little old me?” Blaise batted his eyes but Harry just rolled his.

“You make it very hard not to think of you so I’m sure I’ll have the thought. Whether that’s good or bad for my mental health is left to be seen.”

“So you do think of me! I knew you loved me,” He teased in a freaking purr of all things and Harry was pretty sure his cheeks didn’t get red but had a horrible moment where he wasn’t entirely sure if he’d controlled that blush or not.

He was saved by a sudden interruption from a certain blond—who’d almost had a stroke when Daphne oh so helpfully pointed out that his Gryffindor was getting quite cozy with the Zabini heir across the room, enough to make Harry blush apparently.

“Draco!” Harry chirped as he crashed into their little conversation here, happiness to see him taking a sharp left turn to see the expression he had on, hackles visibly raised. Not that he was very surprised it was directed at Blaise—even Blaise didn’t seem very shocked by this, just rolling his eyes with a smirk.

“Blaise.”

“How did I know you’d have no decorum in interrupting a business talk, Malfoy?”

Draco paused half a second to glance at Harry to see if that was actually true, but the red head just waved him off that he was good. With that out of the way he nabbed the collar of Blaise’s robe in a fast enough motion to make a seeker proud and immediately dragged him off.

“I’m just gonna steal him for a moment to talk—be right back.” He announced.

“Oi unhand me.”

“Actually make me Zabini,” Draco snapped and Harry couldn’t help but be very amused when Blaise fumbled to try and get out of his hold and ultimately failed—awkwardly gagging as he was choked by his own collar by someone much shorter than him pulling him from his chair.

Harry did so love it when Draco won a round against his housemates as it didn’t happen often, and despite walking and talking with a lot more grace than expected out of any twelve-year-old, Blaise was actually kind of clumsy. Draco and himself were the athletes, but if was very clear Blaise was not when confronted with good old-fashioned muggle manhandling like this.

For some reason it made the insane Slytherin much more human… or at least it was comforting that Harry could probably just trip him and run away if it ever came to that.

Then again, physical threat was not the reason half of Slytherin house lived in fear of the Zabini name.

He brushed that entire exchange off, making a note to catch up with Daphne about her take on all this tea tasting business. He had plans to make it to Gringotts over break so he probably didn’t need to ask her what business they were hoping he was about to take up again if Axeclaw could fill him in instead. Harry had already done a lot of business with Daphne since first year anyway, and was thinking he should probably spread the wealth some more with his dealings… not even taking into consideration that he already had a blanket open debt with the Greengrass family, which was more than enough right now… frankly too much even. He was even less inclined to have them be his referral than the Zabini family, although since it was a Greengrass hosted tasting, and it sounded like many other tastings would also be of Greengrass ownership, he still wanted to hear what she had to say.

He stood, spotting Daphne and Tracy in their own corner but saving them for later when he spotted his real target in his normal seat and went over to plop down across from him. Theo glanced up over his book but very pointedly looked back down at it rather than greet him.

Harry hesitated for a moment at that but went as polite as he could.

“Hope your finals went well Theo.” He offered and blue eyes snapped up at him, causing him to sweat a bit. “Ah… I came to wish you a happy break is all. Are you staying at Hogwarts?”

“No.”

The word was flat and short, and with no further explanation he dropped his eyes to his book.

And you know, Harry could read the room, so he winced and shut his mouth, leaving him to it. It wasn’t that weird as most Slytherins were going home given the dangers happening at school right now, but also something about his tone told him to shut up like right now.

Harry himself didn’t like talking about his breaks either, so that was fair. He couldn’t exactly share that he was going to stay with a werewolf either, as Theo was still very much dark and was the one most likely out of his friend group to have actual animosity, not just fear or distaste.

Still, at the icy look that was shot his way when he just continued to sit there like a moron, Harry pointedly opened his bag and pulled out one of Dell’s journal to start reading himself so as not to make it awkward.

Yikes, someone is not in the mood.

He didn’t really want to piss him off either, so he pointedly shut up and bowed his head over the book himself and sensed more then saw Theo relax half a beat as he minded his own business.

No matter what a foul mood he was in, Harry always thought the silence with Theo to be kind of comfortable. The quiet Slytherin certainly never felt the need to actually start a conversation, and would actually much prefer it if Harry shut his mouth for once, so he felt rather free to do just that.

He was here to kill time after all, since they still had several hours before the parting feast, and until Draco got back from dealing with whatever Blaise had done, he could just sit here and relax with some light reading himself.

First it was a one-on-one conversation with Blaise, now getting to just read with Theo… I’m really getting lucky today, He mused to himself rather pleasantly. He’d probably end this night screaming over and exploding snap game in the Gryffindor dorm so the peace before the storm was actually a good call.

Although… as much as he loved Dell, he was looking at the page and most definitely not reading it, his mind still caught up in the business Blaise had hinted about. Not that he could sit here and suddenly recall what dealings they were after, he’d have to wait to ask Axeclaw about that over break but… pretty much everything else about this tea tasting was interesting. He really didn’t have the capacity to deal with it right now given finals first, Remus over break, then obviously Sirius’ trial at some point early in the new year… and now that finals was at least done his stomach flipped to realize that trial was closer than ever on the horizon, he just didn’t know how far out. From Mr. Greengrass’ letter, it was soon… he just didn’t have any more specifics about it than that and it made him a bit nervous.

Hopeful in a painful way as he was trying really hard not to get his hopes up and ultimately failing because at this point, his hopes were raised and there was nothing he could do about it. He just needed to sit here and hope against all hope that things turned out okay and this blanket debt to Sebastian Greengrass was worth it in the end.

There really wasn’t much he could do about that, and despite how nervous/excited he was to spend Christmas with Remus, given it was tomorrow and he really only had to just wait one night’s sleep away for it to be here, it also seemed to be easier to handle than any sort of long-term anticipation.

Which meant there were only few ways of distracting himself now that finals were over and he couldn’t do anything but wait about his other two most important concerns, why not think a little harder about this business nonsense? Not that he didn’t really have the time for business stuff like this except… at this moment, while waiting for everything else to either happen or not, yeah he kind of did have the time.

He would save what the business was for later but… what about his referral? It was clearly important if Blaise had risked openly looking like he was competing with Daphne for it, much less that Daphne herself had tried to intercept him immediately when he got to the common room. If he sat here and honestly tried to consider who he might actually ask for a referral though… the Greengrass family already had probably too much of his business and trusting the Zabini name was a gamble at best. Yes it might pay off fantastically but he was sure there’d be strings attached to it too… and anything that blatantly gave Dalia Zabini more power when the entirety of Slytherin had let the one and only “Boy Who Lived” right into their dorm purely by her word of approval alone felt like a really bad idea.

Even blatant dark lord supporters hadn’t said a single word about him being here or so much as looked at him funny, which meant she was a person even someone dumb as a troll like Marcus Flint knew to obey by shutting his stupid mouth for once in his life. Hell, Snape hadn’t even acknowledged it despite there being no way he didn’t know there was a Gryffindor in his house’s common room and openly hating Harry Potter in particular… the fact he frankly pretended like he didn’t know Harry was here said more than enough.

The Greengrass family did not need more business, and the Zabini family did not need more power.

To be blunt, the Malfoy family did not need more money either, so while Draco might’ve been his next best option, the cavalier attitude he’d had about it when informing him of the importance of the referral implied the Malfoy family itself was kind of above the power-play these pureblood gatherings entailed. Harry could very easily imagine that Mrs. Malfoy did not struggle to obtain whatever tea she wanted through whatever means possible, be it walking in and getting first dibs on the sale because she was, well, Lady Malfoy, but also because she could put down whatever price she wanted to in order to secure the products.

Actually no… Draco had said his mother sent his father to these tastings on her behalf, which meant Mr. Malfoy would obtain what his wife asked of him or look like a fool to his family, and that would likely never happen. With a blank check that was probably not much of a concern for him though.

So, not the Zabini, not the Greengrass, and not the Malfoy families.

Who would be the best person—best family— to ask for a referral?

… surprisingly, Harry’s next thought of who to ask was actually the Weasleys.

He’d never met Mr. or Mrs. Weasley though, so when he said ‘the Weasley’ family he actually meant Fred and George specifically. They had never once hidden their intent to one day open a joke shop in all the time he’d known them, and were advanced enough in magic to already be designing pranks and joke products as fourth years—and while the teachers gave them detentions and everyone laughed about their antics dismissively, it actually did take a lot of magical ability and business chops to just start making a business like they had been. They were teenagers but had never once hidden the fact they had legitimate, physical products to sell and in fact were already selling simple dung bombs and other school-banned paraphernalia to their classmates and underclassmen literally daily.

They actually had a ton of ambition that on paper would’ve put them in Slytherin if they weren’t, you know… the twins. The hat probably knew that, ambition or not, they’d have blown this entire dorm up within weeks of being put here if that had actually happened, and they were also reckless and wild enough to fit right into Gryffindor anyway. No need to risk mentally scarring an entire house and/or leveling a quarter of an ancient castle just because some upstart red heads also had a bit of ambition in their blood.

Besides, after hearing their ‘brave enough to love’ spiel, Harry also wouldn’t have put them anywhere else but the lion house.

Still, they were the next people Harry thought of when he considered who he wanted by his side in future business deals, because frankly apart from Daphne they had the most practical experience with it so far. They weren’t as diverse in their business adventures as a Greengrass would be, since they were focusing on one particular business goal, but that didn’t mean they didn’t know what they were doing.

Besides… Harry was already very much in their debt after what he’d asked them to do.

To be fair to her, when Daphne asked him to cash in some favors with the twins, she was not aware that Fred and George Weasley were already people Harry trusted more than he trusted pretty much anyone else.

In fact, there were exactly five people in Hogwarts that Harry would openly trust for no reason, which actually boiled down to the only five people who currently knew about Remus. Neville and Draco, obviously, Daphne as an honest businesswoman who was keeping a lot of secrets for him right now, and of course, the twins.

Even still, of those five people, only Neville actually knew everything.

Everything from what happened with Quirrell to the Dursleys and more—he’d seen him break down and he knew all the dark things he thought about himself, so in every important way, Neville knew everything.

The one thing Neville didn’t know about though, was Harry’s plan for world domination—and by that he meant becoming Minister of Magic specifically in order to wreck some havoc on old, purist society as soon as he could get away with it. His roommate was aware that Harry had a general desire to change the world to make it a better place for Remus someday, but Harry hadn’t really clued him in on any of the specific tactics he was considering employing to get there… most of which would be Slytherin in tone and he just knew the meek Gryffindor would give him sad, disapproving eyes about all of it so he refrained from bringing it up for now.

The twins on the other hand, were the only people who did know. Not only did they know, but after their conversation earlier this week, they seemed a little more on board than they had before when Harry was pleading his case back in Hagrid’s pumpkin patch.

Not that Daphne had known that the twins already knew about Remus, and not that Harry had informed her of that either and just said he’d ask them about it. The actual conversation had gone much better than he knew Daphne had feared it would go, because in truth Harry hadn’t had to cash anything in at all—he could actually tell the twins the entire plan, and before he could even get around to actually asking them, they were completely down to do it for free anyway.

You see, the main issue with him going home for break was that Dumbledore would immediately be suspicious that he didn’t have eyes on him. Obviously any Slytherin would happily lie and say Harry was with them just to be able to lie specifically to the headmaster’s stupid old face, but if the cover was that Harry was going to spend Christmas in a Slytherin household, the old coot would definitely take issue with that. And it would be very inconvenient if Dumbledore had any time to plan or counteract Harry’s holiday plans, particularly as that would put Harry himself in a direct conflict against Dumbledore himself. At the very least he’d likely be called back to the headmaster’s office in an attempt to be ‘convinced’ to change his mind to maybe stay at the castle instead, and going off Daphne’s advice that her father seemed to very much agree with, the less Harry needed to actually speak with Dumbledore, the better.

They were so close to the trial so avoiding letting any information slip was critical, and the best way to keep the old Lemon in the dark was to just continue being a normal student by whatever the portraits on the wall could relay back, and also for him to only find out he wasn’t where he was supposed to be after the fact. Yes it would cause suspicion as there was no way to hide the fact that no one would actually know where Harry had spent his break once he returned to the castle, but Dumbledore learning about it too late was better than him learning beforehand and getting a chance to do anything about it.

There would be fallout, as Dumbledore would eventually realize he didn’t know where Harry had spent his break, but they just had act natural and pretend nothing was wrong until the trial finally happened. By then it was too late and Dumbledore could think whatever he wanted about Harry’s suspicious activities, because if Sirius Black was truly innocent he’d be released as Harry’s guardian by summer and even Dumbledore wouldn’t be able to stop the media parade that Mr. Greengrass was preparing to ensure nothing interfered with the ‘happy ending’ of the magical world’s most infamous orphan finally getting a family again.

No matter how light he claimed to be, no matter how light he looked in the eyes of the public, even Albus Dumbledore’s reputation couldn’t defeat the ‘lightness’ that he himself had created around the ‘Boy Who Lived’s reputation. If he tried to intervene with the trial or after Sirius was officially deemed innocent, he would not be smelling like roses in the eyes of the public. They probably would not condemn him exactly but they were all banking on the fact Dumbledore wouldn’t cross the public eye too much just to keep Harry under his thumb.

Once it was too late, it was too late.

No one was stupid enough to think Dumbledore wouldn’t immediately switch tactics and find another way to keep Harry—possibly Sirius as well in this case—‘on his side’ at least publicly, but so far as sending him back to his relatives… that tactic would be dead in the water.

Which, was all Harry really wanted out of this deal.

He was sure the old bastard’s manipulation would come back around to haunt him in other ways, but he wouldn’t be faced with ever seeing the Dursleys again and that was good enough for him.

All they had to do what make it to the trial.

Which, in practicality, meant Harry just needed to make it through Christmas without letting Dumbledore know where he was, but most importantly let him know that he was with—or even knew about— Remus.

And that is where the absolute MVPs of this plan, the twins, came shining through.

You see, Harry had told everyone he was staying in the castle over break throughout most of the semester—in the beginning of the year it had actually been true, up until Mr. Greengrass said he needed to visit Remus instead for some reason. He still stuck to that story apart from a few exceptions he trusted, but even when he’d parted McGonagall’s office earlier today after showing her a new draft he’d had on some of his work, she’d waved him off, very much implying she expected to see him over this break, here in the castle with her.

He felt a little bad about not correcting her, but it was also a great sign that Dumbledore probably fully expected the same thing.

Which is why when he was on the front steps tomorrow with his things packed, standing with everyone else getting into the carriages to start the journey back to King’s Crossing, and most people asked what the fuck he was doing, he could confidently tell everyone, ‘Oh, I didn’t mention? I’m spending Christmas with the Weasleys!’.

Mrs. Weasley had been kind enough to invite him after all, but no one except the twins knew he’d politely declined without giving a reason why. The twins themselves were going to just be hamming it up, particularly when Ginny and Ron had probably polar reactions to the news they were getting an addition for their holiday, the twins playing it off like they’d purposefully kept it a secret as a prank, which was frankly a bit too believable.

The twins, however, had actually arranged to ditch their family once back at King’s Crossing to meet up with their brother Charlie in Diagon, who was home visiting for the holiday, and their parents wouldn’t be expecting them home until dinner later that evening. They would of course take their friend Harry with them on the Diagon trip, however Harry was never going to actually make it to meet the second eldest Weasley son, but instead get out under a handy invisibility cloak through the Leaky Cauldron to muggle London.

He had Remus’ promise to meet him several streets away at a little café Harry had seen last time he was in the city that he though was quiet and out of the way enough not to earn too much attention—muggle or otherwise. Remus himself was very worried about this entire thing and had asked him approximately 23 times via letter if he was sure he wanted to actually visit him, to which Harry had announced he would be at this shop at this expected time and if Remus wanted to stand him up that was fine, but he really hoped his unofficial godfather would—as ex-Gryffindor at that—find the courage to meet him there.

Clearly unable to argue against that, a defeated werewolf had given his word he’d be there.

Harry felt a little bad about steam rolling him but also, his self-deprecating issues were not as important as the two of them getting a real Christmas with family for once in… well, Harry’s entire life but he was also assuming a very long time for Remus himself.

The thing was, while he was off hiding from the rest of the wizarding world and most particularly Albus Dumbledore and enjoying his Christmas, eventually the twins would get caught about lying on Harry’s whereabouts. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were not actually expecting him, so they wouldn’t question it, but Ron or Ginny might wonder and say something when the twins came back with Charlie, but no Harry Potter in tow. Fred and George were reasonably sure they could deflect the situation, saying they were just joking or flat out lying about Harry staying with them in an attempt to convince him to come back to the Burrow with him, which clearly failed. If asked where Harry had gone, something neither twin seemed very convinced their siblings would do but if they did ask, they were going to brush it off and say ‘friends’.

If really pressed they’d say Draco’s house, and while Mr. and Mrs. Weasley might tisk about it, they probably wouldn’t do anything.

They would absolutely end up telling Dumbledore though, when the headmaster finally caught up, be it hours or days too late to realize Harry had left the castle under the premise of visiting them. He wouldn’t immediately get suspicious since the Weasley clan was considered one of his most staunch supporters, but eventually he would 100% be checking in with the Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, perhaps nonchalantly asking how Harry was enjoying his stay… and the truth would undoubtedly come out.

The twins didn’t really understand how nosey Dumbledore was, nor did Harry tell them that was his logic of the truth inevitably coming out, but they as pranksters seemed to agree that eventually their lies would come up as they always seemed to in the end. And yes, they were willing to just take the fall for lying and no, they wouldn’t betray him even if their parents ordered them to spill.

Because Harry had been honest to them that this deception was so that he could spend Christmas with Mr. Mooney, who was their idol.

Their hero, who was a werewolf and who would get a lot of flack if caught hanging out with the famous ‘Boy Who Lived’ by pretty much everyone and their mother, and so to spare him they were so totally on board to go down as pranksters that would do the Marauders’ legacy proud.

Daphne had been worried that Harry was going to have to ask them to take the fall for something without explaining why they needed to keep it a secret, hence the many cashed favors suggestion. However, the twins were completely ready to make this deception pretty much as soon as Harry had explained what he wanted to do. Since he felt indebted to them for their show of unquestioning solidarity though, he made a mental note to tell Remus about the favor the twins had done them both and have ‘Mr. Mooney’ write them something, which he was sure Fred and George would fangirl over and happily ignore how long they’d probably be grounded for this.

So yeah, he owed them quite a bit and would’ve loved to ask them for their referral… but the brutally realistic side of him knew the Weasley family likely did not have a referral to give. It sounded like these tastings were about as ruthlessly pureblood as it got, and it was them not participating in events like this that was yet another reason for the Weasleys’ poor reputation in Slytherin society. A minor one, all things considered, but a reason all the same.

A slightly larger reason was probably the fact that the Weasley clan probably could not financially participate in any of these types of events, and going off what Draco had said, if you weren’t a contributing guest then you’d eventually stop getting invites. Harry suspected Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had stopped getting invites perhaps a long time ago for many reasons along the way, and he didn’t want to be so rude to assume but… it was also kind of obvious.

In any case, it was the twins he wanted to pay back and the referral would be mainly a business opening for their parents—and he really doubted Mr. and Mrs. Weasley would care to do anything with the opportunity even if they were handed one this way.

He’d never met them, but the twins could be kind of blunt when talking about their parents… although, they were fourteen-year-olds clearly in the midst of some family tiff about their rebellious nature or whatever, as if that were not entirely expected of two professional pranksters. From what Harry had gathered, it sounded like the elder Weasleys weren’t 100% supportive of their middle-most sons going into business and wanted them to join the Ministry like their father. Which, Harry was thankful he and the twins agreed was a horrible idea for many reasons and they would in fact not being doing that.

Overall, the elder Weasleys were much more Gryffindor coded, in that they were either a stay-at-home mother or working for the law without questioning anything since they considered that to be the ‘right’ things to do. While the twins did not begrudge their parents their life choices, they were also at the point that they could recognize they did not want the same things for their own lives and were branching out. It didn’t sound like those conversations were going so well though, which probably partially accounted for why they were so ready to blatantly lie for him even at the cost of being grounded… Harry had an inkling that they’d be grounded most of break anyway, for other supposed crimes their mother believed they committed over the semester.

Differences of opinion aside, giving their parents the business opportunities they wouldn’t use that the twins wanted for themselves probably wasn’t a good way to pay them back. If Harry got his referral and some reputation at these tastings as a good buyer, then someday he would be able to refer the twins instead, which might work out better for everyone.

In fact, he knew it’d be a long time before the twins had a strong business going that provided the capital to actually participate in these tastings, so Harry could probably obtain them whatever materials they needed with his own money in exchange for their unquestioning support so far. He was hyper aware of Susan’s wording about his misguided ‘paying people back’ for the things he did to them but… this was business, it was just how things went! He was pretty sure the twins were business-savvy enough to get it at a least…

Still, he made a note to ask the twins just in case, but he wasn’t counting on them.

Who else to ask though? He knew a lot of purebloods, but he wasn’t sure what he really wanted out of the deal.

Maybe it would convince people like Tracy or Melinda to work with him more, but then again it was with their parents and that ‘good will’ wasn’t worth it. Something like this sounded like it was expected of him to trade for something physical… like outright money or some artifact he wanted…

He lit up as he realized he could probably get his hands on a lot of very interesting Transfiguration texts that wouldn’t be kept in the Hogwarts’ Library…

Hmmmmmmm…. I should probably start trading for more than notes and favors at some point… I bet there are a ton of cool, technically dark things out there that Slytherins might be willing to trade for…

Maybe it was because he was now looking almost dreamily off into space as he imagined the possibilities instead of even pretending to read, but he finally caught on to the fact those upper years from earlier were… pacing.

The center of this common room was lowered down two steps to give a stage-like area for, Harry was assuming, if someone needed to announce something or grab everyone’s attention. Almost no one ever sat there because the entire point of this place was not to be overheard, but those upper years had been earlier… which, at the time Harry didn’t think twice about because the place was more crowded than normal so maybe they’d just run out of comfortable space despite the many options of smaller, quieter corners to choose from.

He certainly noticed now though, as they’d gotten up and were now doing laps around the room, circles around the center area and mumbling to themselves… but Harry caught on immediately that they were watching him very closely every time they passed by.

Frankly, it wasn’t casual at all, they were blatantly trying to eavesdrop on his little area here despite the fact him and Theo were not talking. Which felt… insanely improper for the Slytherin common room. He wasn’t even a snake but felt almost mortified they were being so fucking rude right now, much less so unbelievably obviously! Right in the middle of the common room for half the house to see!

What the hell? They should know, even if I were talking, that the enchantments would prevent them from hearing anything I didn’t want them to hear. They’re at least fifth years, for hell’s sake…

He felt like a church lady clutching her pearls at the indecency of it all… and belatedly wondered if this is how people had felt when he’d sat at the Slytherin table for the first time last year. He closed Dell’s journal and fanned his cheeks with it some, slightly embarrassed in hindsight, much to his chagrin.

Hm. What to do about this… no way I can just confront them—in the Great Hall, sure, but in the Slytherin common room that’s not appropriate… but it’s also really fucking annoying.

They’d just passed by for a third time and Harry glanced over at his reading partner. Theo probably noticed but also didn’t give a shit, book over his face and this very dark aura signally everyone not to bother him.

Right…

Plan B was across the room but Draco had managed to get Blaise into a chokehold, the two of them wrestling again which, true to Theo’s warning earlier in the year, was an alarmingly common occurrence. Harry was just impressed that no matter what they did to each other, they never rose their voices enough to be heard out of whatever enchanted alcove they’d retreated to.

Plan C then…

He got up and left his bag and Dell’s journal on the table to mark his spot, and on his way across the room almost purposefully cutting across the fifth years’ path in front of them as if to signal that he knew what they were doing. They just froze like deer in headlights and let him go, which confused him more.

It was subtle but he was essentially provoking them by getting their way suddenly, but they didn’t look mad or offended at all.

Even weirder. Are they wary of me? I mean even if they were why would they show that they’re wary of me?

He frowned to himself as he only went a couple dozen feet away to slip into the seat beside Tracey Davis—who immediately shot him a warning look while Daphne was just amused from across the table. Both had nothing in front of them, they’d clearly just been chatting.

“Hey,” He drawled playfully.

“What do you want.” Tracey ground out, unamused while Daphne rolled her eyes.

“I saw you talking to Zabini. No way you’re here to talk shop.”

“Maybe later—I’m off business for break but let’s talk in the new year,” He winked and she huffed, letting it slide. “I just came to wish you a happy break but also… are those fifth years pissed at me or am I paranoid? Scratch that, I know I’m paranoid but is this me being paranoid or have they been walking in circles for like ten minutes now?”

“I did notice that. And they’re sixth years, by the way.” Daphne hummed, apparently having noticed as well but clearly hadn’t cared much about it. “I mean not that I know of. It’s not like they’re gonna hex you in the middle of the common room.”

Open violence in the common room was way too drastic for an upper year’s dignity, much less on a second year to whom hierarchy implied someone of their age should be able to squash with mere words and a power play or so. And besides, on the topic of hierarchy, given what this particular second year had done to Montague last year, that would be stupid.

Not to mention the actual reason no one had ever given him a hard time here was the fact he was here on permission of Dalia Zabini. That was the one thing no Slytherin was about to make a fuss over unless Harry himself screwed up enough to give them a reason to kick him out, but if Daphne or Draco hadn’t called him out on something he was doing that was offensive, then there truly wasn’t anything big enough to warrant this sudden suspicion.

“You can’t overhear someone if you walk by their area, right?”

“Not if you don’t want them to; the enchantments still work so long as you’re underneath the arch in the ceiling, and they’re not.”

“That’s what I thought so what the hell are they doing?”

Daphne subtly examined the still-circling upper years over his shoulder for a couple moments, and then gave a gentle snort. “No idea. You might just have to deal with it.”

Harry couldn’t confront them, as despite how unsightly they were being right now it would be poor form on his part as well. Unless you were on friendly terms or had business to talk to, the number one unspoken rule of the Slytherin common room was to leave each other alone. Harry would’ve picked a fight in a heartbeat, but he was an outsider here and knew to play by the rules… even if the stalking was making his paranoia go haywire.

Having to just deal with it was making him anxious.

“Ugh.”

“You could go back to your own dorm,” Tracey grumbled, and Harry flashed her a peace sign jokingly.

“Spoken like someone whose never heard how freaking loud it is over there! Even getting stalked it’s still more peaceful here, especially since everyone is all amped up from finals being over.” She just sneered and Harry gave her a friendly wave before slipping back to his area, sensing he’d interrupted whatever the two had been talking about so left them to it.

He couldn’t have been gone two minutes, but by the time he returned to his seat he found Blaise and Draco also having rejoined their normal positions… and Theo was nowhere to be found. Right, he was clearly not in the mood and the other two were still snipping back and forth with each other. Not loudly, but they were talking which was enough to ruin the peace Theo had clearly been enjoying.

Seeing his return Blaise gave him a disarming smile. “He interrupted our conversation but do we have a deal?”

Harry only pretended to think about it while he sat back down.

“Hm… nah.”

“Oh come on,”

“I’m doing things my way for now. You’ll need something better to trade if you’re really that serious.” He smiled ‘innocently’ with a shrug, causing the tall Slytherin to tisk and cross his arms over his chest, unamused.

“And here I thought after your little snake trick we’d have a profitable working relationship from now on!”

“Just because I acknowledge the parselmouth thing landed in my favor doesn’t mean it’s suddenly a good idea to trade with you regularly. Seems like a dangerous thing to get into.”

“I mean I can’t deny it but ugh—boring.”

Harry almost did a double take and made a face.

“Hm.”

“What?” Draco was curious at that reaction, but also sort of wary.

“I’ve never been called boring before.” He’d been called a lot of things before but boring had never been one of them, and he wasn’t quite sure why he was so offended.

Blaise shot him a kissy face and immediately got flipped off.

Not that he cared one bit, seeming to light up as he remembered something. “On that note, I have a bone to pick with you!”

“Oh?”

“Yeah, about your little first years.”

Harry was instantly on guard, closing off for a second to meet Blaise’s warm eyes. He didn’t seem to be any sort of way that would entail he was up to no good, but also the bastard was an insanely good actor when he wanted to be and Harry hated that he couldn’t immediately tell when Blaise was trying to throw him off. He was already paranoid about the sixth years still passing by their area now so this topic had his hackles raised instantly.

“My first years? What about them?”

“I want Cork.”

Harry knew his face betrayed his emotions on the topic, and was please to know he wasn’t crazy when Draco also gave his roommate a look that clearly implied he was in disbelief at just how fucking unhinged this guy was.

“I refuse. Get your own first years.” He declared bluntly, crossing his arms. “Actually no, don’t do that, leave them alone at least until Easter break to give them a fighting chance. I know you don’t have a heart but that’s at least Slytherin tradition, yeah?”

“Eh,” Blaise just rolled eyes. He didn’t give a fuck about tradition and probably never had, only following the unspoken rules on a whim until now.

“What the fuck do you even want with him? Also neither of us own him, you do realize that? Because knowing you, you might not realize that…”

“I can protect him better than you can.” He counted simply, which was not a real answer—not that Harry expected anything else.

That is unfortunately true… however.

“Too bad, they came to me and I’m upholding my end. If they also want to deal with you that’s their right, but I’m going to be advising them very strongly not to do that.”

“Again: boring.”

“How dare you.”

It was highly concerning that he was in any way interested in a first year. Blaise, so far, acted as if people lower than him in the hierarchy just didn’t exist, which meant pretty much all the first years and half their grade level. Alden being a muggleborn was a badly kept secret as obviously the snake house would figure it out, but he was a Slytherin, he was one of them so… he was somewhere in a grey area between an ally and an enemy. While most people aside from Lake wouldn’t likely deal with him or become friends with him for fear of the political consequences, to a measly first year of their own house who couldn’t do anything anyway, there was no honor or things to be gained from bullying him or having a great deal of animosity towards him unless he did something blatantly muggle-like.

Slytherin put a lot of emphasis on bloodlines and family ties (family power) but those were positive weapons to them. Blaise had the Zabini name to give him a leg up, same as people like Draco and Daphne had their family names to give them influence and credibility… but most of Slytherin did not have the sheer power behind their family names even if they were to be old and pureblood. If you were a normal Slytherin without a ‘big’ family name behind you, you were still a Slytherin. You didn’t have as many legs up as someone from a known family might have, but you weren’t inherently outcasted just because you were a ‘normal’ Slytherin. No one liked to be normal, but the fact of the matter is most of the house consisted of those sorts of houses.

In fact, a good third of the house consisted of half-bloods, or had a half-blood parent, though Harry was wildly guessing at those numbers given no one ever talked about it.

People like Blaise and Draco would flaunt their family names, but if you didn’t have something positive to flaunt from your last name, you just refrained from ever mentioning it. From what Harry had seen, people only ever called people out on their unspoken family histories if they were in direct conflict with each other and were using it as a weapon—though if two suspected half-bloods were the opposing parties then it never got brought up.

It was a matter of politeness in the end, a respect only given to fellow Slytherins. For example, Tracy might hiss unpleasantly at her Hufflepuff muggleborn classmates, but her housemates wouldn’t ever point out that her grandparents had been half-bloods themselves. If Tracy lost her marbles and tried to pick a fight with Daphne though Daphne with the very pureblood name of Greengrass behind her would easily crush her arguments to dust.

With all that in mind, Alden was… an ant to anyone who considered themselves pureblood. He posed literally zero threat because one slight hint reminding him of his status and he would not be able to win against anyone in his house. He posed no challenge, no risk, and no reward to even look his direction. Slytherins typically had more class than to go stepping on ants all the time when they had better things to do with their days, and bigger threats to deal with more importantly. Just like how Blaise never really looked twice at anyone lower than him in the hierarchy because he felt it was just a waste of his time, most of the snake house didn’t really care about those who posed them no threat so long as they remained quiet and out of the way.

Of course there were exceptions. People like Marcus Flint who, Harry was sure, had not even realized there was a muggleborn in his house for how dumb and unobservant he was, and who if someone did just bluntly inform him of that fact would happily torture Alden right out of Hogwarts like the malicious cunt he was.

Slytherin itself didn’t really consider people like Flint to be shining representatives of themselves, so no one with any amount of brains ever really told him shit. If he couldn’t figure things out on his own, most happily let him drown.

The polite thing to do was to flat out ignore things like muggleborn or half-blood status, in-house in Slytherin at least. Only if those muggleborns and half-bloods kept to themselves though and didn’t go catching unwanted attention, causing a disturbance that would make those more powerful than them take notice—or worse, take issue with them.

So the fact Alden had caught Blaise’s attention was so not good.

Yet, on the flipside… by even asking about it instead of just doing whatever he was planning on doing with Alden, Blaise was recognizing that those two firsties were “Harry’s”. They were under his protection of sorts and even Blaise bothering to ask permission proved that people took that protection genuinely seriously. If the untouchable Slytherin had to ask, there was a good chance the rest of the house had the same understanding that Lake and Alden were off limits unless they wanted to deal with Harry too.

Even better, they already knew how pissed Harry would be if they tried anything behind his back, and considered it a threat worth avoiding. Harry was thrilled to realize this meant most people considered him a danger genuine enough to not merely cross for no reason—even Blaise!

Fuck yeah. I wonder where this would put me in the hierarchy of things at this point…

Ah, but thoughts of grandeur later. Right now he had a psychopathic Slytherin to ward off.

“Blaise, you’re really fucking scaring me right now. Why on earth do you need a first year?” He demanded, although they all knew he really meant ‘Why do you need a muggleborn?’.

The idea he was acting like their slightly younger classmates were toys or chess pieces he could just ask for was highly unnerving and he wasn’t shy about admitting that outright.

Of course Blaise just tilted his chin up, clearly having no intention of explaining himself.

“I cannot wait for the day you learn about it dear, however that day is not today.”

“Bet you anything he’s considering feeding them to the monster.” Draco only half joked as he slunk back into his seat, Blaise rolling his eyes dramatically.

“Oh ha, ha… they’re not the ones I was considering feeding to it.”

“You’re actually deranged, you know that?”

“At least I wear it well.” He shrugged carelessly, not offended.

But Harry sat up straighter, realization hitting home and a warning bell going off somewhere in his head.

“If I find out you fed a Gryffindor to it I’ll end you, hear me Zabini?”

“Hear that Draco? I’m Zabini now. And I thought we were engaged.” He complained dryly.

“Absolutely not.” Harry cut him off without hesitation. “I’m serious though, you know that?”

“Yeah, yeah,” He dismissed, also leaning back into his couch and very much not actually caring about whatever threat was being made at him. “I thought better of it anyway—it’s much more interesting to let it happen naturally and just take the gamble of who it’ll attack next.”

“I can’t believe it’s been this long but none of the teachers still have any clue what it is.” Draco pouted.

Neither he nor Harry picked up just how sharp Blaise’s grin was, although it was definitely unnerving on all accounts.

“Well we all knew they were incompetent. Hey, maybe the school with close!”

“Don’t even joke about that!” Draco groaned, running hands over his face.

“Oh I know! How much will you bet me that it’s one of Hagrid’s pets that got loose?”

Harry was instantly suspicious, considering what happened last time someone made a false accusation about one of Hagrid’s pets and his new understanding that accusations, even unfounded, got you halfway to Azkaban he was not about to let any rumor relating to Hagrid just fly.

Both snakes saw his expression and clocked on immediately—Blaise in glee but Draco in horror.

“Wait, do you actually know something!?” the blond beside him cried but Harry just patted his shoulder comfortingly.

“… about Hagrid’s pets, yes. And that this monster definitely isn’t that.”

“Harry…”

“There is no way I’m telling Blaise any of that,” he shot him a significant look of ‘I’ll tell you later’ , which thankfully convinced him to drop it although he still looked very concerned.

“You see, and this is why I daydream about feeding lions to monsters.” Blaise himself was annoyed to be left out so bluntly but also not strictly offended by it since even he knew it was just common sense not to tell the unabashed gossip things you didn’t want the school to know.

Be it his annoyance compounding or him finally reaching the end of his patience, but his head snapped to the side as those pacing sixth years looped by their sitting area and got them to jump at the sudden glare they were getting from the Zabini heir, picking up their pace to walk away quickly.

Draco tensed slightly beside him and Harry knew not to interfere the same way he instinctively knew not to move if a snake was coiled to strike in front of his face. It wasn’t often he saw Blaise actually lash out at someone and knew it wouldn’t be pretty—those upperclassmen were four years older than them but that mean nothing when it came to the untouchable Slytherin if he were to be properly motived.

Luckily he seemed to be more annoyed than properly pissed off and just made a clicking noise with his teeth as he leaned back almost too pointedly relaxed.

“Your stalkers are annoying.” He decided, tone distinctly soured from the playful bickering they’d just been having.

“So you noticed them too,” Harry perked up, tone light to keep the conversation from being pulled into Blaise’s irritation.

“Obviously. I didn’t care when it was just you they were bothering.”

Harry rolled his eyes but expected nothing more from the guy. He distractedly tapped the journal still lying on the table in front of him, trying to recall the stalkers’ faces and names without making it obvious by looking directly at them as they stopped pacing to stand on the other side of the center area from them… clearly they still wanted to stalk him but were too afraid of Blaise to pass by so casually again.

So being friends with him has some perks along with the dangers, he mused to himself, relieved they’d finally stopped.

“Did I do anything specifically lately? I mean I can guess why they’d take issue with me in general but no idea why they’d be so obvious about it right now. They’ve had all year to do this, why now?”

“Nothing I can think of,” Draco tilted his head, giving a thoughtful look. “Now that I think about it though, when did those three start being buddy-buddy? Have Cross and Bensley ever worked together?”

“They’re both dark but the Cross family never even set eyes on the Dark Lord, whilst the Bensley practically licked his feet. Cross does stock trades and always ends up marrying Ravenclaws, whilst the Bensley are practically inbred Slytherin and have been coasting on family money for forty years.” Blaise rattled off what he knew uncaringly, since apparently it wasn’t even worth enough to bother withholding or trading for.

“So no, there’s no overlap between them. Except apparently they don’t like me enough to start taking strolls around the room to stalk me.”

“Hatred is the great uniter.” Blaise said like he was somehow either sage or wise.

“Isn’t that supposed to be love?” Draco argued.

“Ah, but hate works just as well!”

Harry pressed his lips into a line, hating how much that rang true. He also hated how easily his mind immediately jumped to how to use that logic to benefit himself… particularly in the run for Minister one day.

The holiday couldn’t have come at a better time. He really needed to take a break and stop getting lost in the snake nonsense for a bit, recalibrate on the Gryffindor side of things and start fresh in the new year.

Blaise and Draco bickering about things like love and hate distracted them enough not to see the eavesdropping sixths years suddenly start to suffer from their hair and faces changing shapes and colors, forcing them to flee the common room before anyone could notice.



Chapter End Notes

I never run out of songs for Blaise, and am just cackling with this one:

Poor Unfortunate Souls: Annapantsu





Chapter 61: Book 2 : Envy : 28


Chapter Notes

Finally remembered my password guys :D

Sorry it’s been a while, life hit me like a truck.

In better news, look at this amazing fanart BOINK did for this story! I’m literally obsessed, please go give them love as I cannot wrap my mind around how someone could use actual talent to draw this silly little story of mine but I am eternally grateful for it (ᗒᗨᗕ)

Check it out!

https://archiveofourown.org/works/53174821?view_adult=true



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Harry’s heart was beating hard enough that he didn’t quite know if it was from anxious anticipation or nervousness—or perhaps just plain old excitement, which he hadn’t felt in a while.

Not the plain excitement for something unquestionably good, at least. Most of the things he’d been looking forward to recently always held a twinge of anxiety to them given there was always a sad or dreading twinge to them for one reason or another.

Meeting Remus though?

For once channeling an optimism he hadn’t truly felt since last year, Harry had full faith this would only be a good thing, at the very least for the remainder of this Christmas break. Everything else complicated about having a werewolf for a godfather would come later—but these next couple weeks were just about meeting and spending time with someone he honestly should’ve known his whole life.

Family, according to what his parents would’ve wanted.

The man who should’ve raised him, had the world been the just and good place it only pretended to be.

Harry knew from the many, many letters they’d managed to exchange in the months since he first reached out that he liked Remus already. He wasn’t quite sure about the whole concept of having a family or what that would entail, if Remus even wanted that but… he did trust the kindly werewolf in many ways already. And frankly at this point in life, Harry considered trust even more important to him than how he felt talking in a conversation or spending time with someone. Tons of people he liked well enough to hang out with, but he only trusted a precious few, and he was willing to give Remus one of those spots in his heart if the man wanted it.

Because well… the biggest thing Harry was concerned about for this trip, was how self-depreciating Remus was. How hyper aware he was about how others treated werewolves, and his gut-wrenching fear of dragging Harry down with him by association. Harry already knew Remus would hesitate and try and put distance between them even if he personally didn’t want to, out of fear and worried consideration.

Out of care, frankly.

Harry was very determined not to let that happen though.

Very few people had ever cared enough to want to fight for him before, so even if Remus was a bit of a weak fighter—mainly for himself it seemed—Harry did not want to just let that go.

Besides… this whole thing was much the same way he’d instinctively grabbed Neville’s hand that first day on the train: he hadn’t thought a lot about it then or since, and he found himself not thinking too deeply on his core desire to have Remus in his life, which was honestly a refreshing change for him.

The trip to London had been a whirlwind, going home on the train was kind of trippy as it felt weird to be doing the trip in reverse. Sure he’d done it once, but he’d also been having a mental breakdown at the time so he couldn’t really remember enjoying the train ride back to London as much as he had this trip. Besides, the Hogwarts Express had garland and floating lights all down the halls, and the trolley lady had many a holiday-themed treats which put him right into the Christmas spirit for sure. The gorgeous snow on the countryside before it melted into a cold yet bustling London had been enough to captivate the imagination, even if he hadn’t had his friends around him playing games and excitedly talking about their holiday plans to distract him.

The plan had gone off without a hitch—even better as Ron had already been on a carriage and halfway to the train when someone finally thought to ask why Harry was accompanying them. It’d been Susan, because of course it was, and no one had batted an eye when the twins happily claimed him as their new holiday guest.

Professor Sprout had been standing there but didn’t seem to care much as she was distracted making sure there were only three students per carriage as they loaded up, and from what Harry had gathered she was not quite close enough to Dumbledore to just go casually mention that Harry specifically had left the castle. She wasn’t his house head so he was not on her list of students to keep track of in any case; she probably completely assumed McGonagall was aware of her lions as always and so stayed in her lane.

Ginny was around but seeming to be in deep conversation with Luna and Melody and could care less what her brothers and upperclassmen were saying. Actually, Ginny and Melody were talking with a seriousness that implied the topic was quidditch, and Luna was… also there. Included, but also clearly daydreaming rather than paying attention.

Still, his audience for the announcement he was spending Christmas with the Weasleys consisted of his Hufflepuff friends and also Lu, who did not care one bit either. It took Dean and Seamus until they were literally climbing up that steps of the Hogwarts Express to do a double take and remember he wasn’t supposed to be with them, but Harry just said his plans had changed and they were happy to not question it, just adding one more player into their card game plans for the long train ride.

Neville knew what he was really doing but obviously said nothing either way.

All in all the train ride back had been fun, managing to get his spirits up in tune with the happy season it was.

The exchange back at King’s Crossing also went really well, which Harry attributed mostly to Fred and George’s credit. Since none of their siblings had even heard about them supposedly bringing a friend home, they went right to their parents while Harry delayed a bit, pretending he needed a moment to finish changing out of his robes into muggle clothes—an excuse none of his Gryffindor friends blinked at for fear of commenting on his wardrobe choices. Within five minutes the twins had shaken off their family and as Harry hopped off the train they’d scooped him up by the arms and jumped into one of the many available floo entrances before anyone could look twice at the three red heads’ beelining across the platform. Also, when the twins were on a mission most light-hearted people looked the other way, knowing only trouble would come of it.

Harry’s change of clothes was actually a black hoodie and plain jeans over snow boots, a dark green beanie hiding his hair once again so at the speed with which they made it out of there and without his crazy colored clothes and neon hair signaling who he was, he very much doubted anyone that glanced their way would immediately know the twins had just made off with Harry Potter.

His second time in the floo network went much better as now he had some practice, although he was still clinging tightly to Fred’s arm the entire time—the twin thankfully catching him when they landed and he swayed from the dizziness of it all.

“We made good time!” Fred announced, pleased. George appeared from the fireplace behind them a literal second later, both automatically doing a quick scan of the Leaky Cauldron for anything of note. They didn’t recognize anyone which was good, but you never knew. “We’ve got a half hour until we need to meet Charlie in front of Gringotts. It’s better than we normally do, we always seem to be late somehow.”

“Don’t jinx us, we’re going to get distracted by Zonko’s and still be late to meet Charlie,” George huffed, and Harry couldn’t help but giggle when Fred didn’t argue the point, completely unconcerned.

“The entrance is over here, yeah?” He lead the way to the ‘storage room’ that had the magical brick wall into the alley, the twins following suit. Once semi-alone though, they simply gave him a double high five and knowing grins.

“Gonna double back then?”

“The disguise works pretty well but be sure no one sees you go back,”

“And happy Christmas!”

“—if we don’t talk to you before the day itself!” They did their quick tennis-match exchange of talking and Harry beamed.

“Merry Christmas to you two too! I think I have a way of not being seen, don’t worry. If it works out and Moony thinks it’s a good idea I’ll tell you about it after break,” He promised and Fred—because it was always Fred fidgeting if he were slightly anxious about something—fixed his beanie for him as a strand of blood red hair almost poked through.

“Good luck then! Be sure to owl if you need anything, though we might be grounded pretty quickly after this…”

“Maybe owl Ginny and she can tell us, if you trust her.”

“I probably would, to deliver a message at least… it might be a bit coded though to prevent your parents from learning anything.” He admitted.

“No worries, I’m sure we can figure it out,” George winked, then turned to tap the brick wall behind him, the two of them slipping out without much more fuss.

“Be sure to say hi to Mr. Moony from us!” Was their parting call before the din of the alley swept them up, and Harry laughed as he waved them bye, the wall closing just as quickly as it had appeared.

Finally alone, he slipped his invisibility cloak out of his bottomless bag and put it back on—not so much sneaking as walking confidently out of the Leaky Cauldron’s front door and into muggle London without a single soul seeing him.

000

Finding Remus wasn’t hard.

For the moment just after slipping into the café they’d agreed to meet at, he was afraid he wouldn’t be able to pick the werewolf out on sight. He didn’t actually know what the man looked like after all, as the scrapbook Hagrid had given him at the end of last year only had pictures of his parents in it, none of their old school friends. Still, he had faith his unofficial godfather would come to him if he saw him, so he’d removed his invisibility cloak and tucked it back into his bag in the closed vestibule, along with the beanie as he fixed his hair the best he could after the cold wind and dreary weather outside had made it pretty disheveled.

He was quite early so maybe he would have to wait, or if they didn’t recognize each other maybe he could open a chocolate frog or something to clue any wizards around that he was one of them or—

Ah, but all his worrying was for nothing when he immediately picked out a man with light brown hair reading a book in the back corner.

His parents had died when they were 21, and if Remus was in their class then the man was around 32 or so now… but he looked notably younger than that. Even with the grey in his hair that Harry could see from across the entire sparsely-populated café, the thinness around the edges of his jaw and the light scars crisscrossing his face, he still looked like he could be a college student. A well-weathered college student, like he was a TA that had spent the last six months straight pulling all-nighters to grade tests.

Perhaps he looked younger than he was, considering his face was young but he coupled it with a slightly oversized old-man jacket… one that Harry was instantly making plans to replace, or at least fix up for Christmas.

So no, he’d had no prior notion to what Remus looked like before now, but at the same time Harry had, on many occasions, just imagined the gentle werewolf taking the time to patiently write out pages and pages of letters to send to him at some unknown little kitchen, and the man now reading a book with delicate posture and curling around the cup of tea in front of him fit everything Harry had ever imagined about the man.

Everyone in this shop was in very passible muggle clothes so he couldn’t just pick out a wizard that way, and it was probably a little too on the nose to guess that the one man with scars would be a werewolf but…

He slipped around the tables on quiet feet to get nearer to him, getting reasonably close when light brown eyes snapped up in alarm at whoever was approaching him—then went wide as saucers.

“Remus?” He questioned, still unsure but the doubt slipping away quick at the large reaction of shock he was getting.

“H-Harry!”

Yep, definitely him.

“Remus!” He beamed, and they had a brief moment of awkwardness when the man almost attempted to stand like he wasn’t sure what to do with himself… but to be fair neither did Harry. Did they hug? He had half a thought as Harry himself was a pretty huggy guy, but only with his friends so far, and he felt like Remus was a friend but this was also the first time they’d even met and—

Harry just slipped into the chair beside the werewolf at the small round table during Remus’ hesitation, saving the both of them from having to do anything right now.

“You actually came!”

“Of course I did… you were quite persuasive after all.” Remus sighed, sounding a little weary but the small pull at the corner of his lips betrayed his amusement at his antics too. “I wasn’t going to just leave you to show up at a muggle café alone obviously, but Harry… as happy as I am to see you, you don’t have to spend the entire holiday here if you wanted to split the time between here or Hogwarts, or a at a friend’s—”

Harry made a face.

On one hand it was very considerate, giving him options if it turned out he didn’t enjoy this, like he was a normal impulsive Gryffindor who had just decided to descend on him without really giving it any thought and might end up regretting it.

On the other hand, they’d already had this exact exchange over letters quite literally over a dozen times and if Remus didn’t believe he was serious on his decision right now, he clearly either thought Harry was stupid, or still could not truly believe someone would want to be around him for such a long period of time.

Despite being annoyed at how much effort he’d just put into getting here safely being dismissed as him ‘not thinking it through’, Harry also knew that unfortunately Remus was mainly thinking the latter so decided to forgive him.

"I told you like five times already that I'm fine, Remus. I want to!" He smiled as surely as he could, the werewolf just fluttering a bit.

"If you're sure…"

"I am."

"Well if you change your mind I'll take you wherever you want to go at any moment, okay? Back to Hogwarts or a friend’s—"

Harry rolled his eyes dramatically. "Remus, it's almost like you don't want to spend Christmas with me."

"What!? Not that's not it at all—I'm sorry if I-"

"It's fine, I promise," He laughed it off but felt kind of… sad, at how hesitant he was being.

Unwillingly he remembered Mrs. Malfoy’s words about how he’d been ‘laughed out of the Ministry’… clearly Remus had wanted to do right by him but had ultimately failed, and his self confidence in being someone to Harry had shattered along with it.

If what he heard about the treatment of werewolves was true, and he'd been one his whole life, he was probably conditioned to think no one actually wanted to be around him. And he was a genuinely kind man who cared about others, and so never forced his presence on someone if he could help it.

But Harry couldn’t help but think that it must be so… lonely.

So yeah, maybe this was a bit awkward and Remus was way more fluttering and hesitant in person than the solid, reassuring presence he was over letters, but Harry knew that guy was in there somewhere. The same way Draco was always so much more talkative over letter but at the core of it he was still the same person no matter how they were communicating.

He was determined to make it work and for neither of them to be alone anymore. He almost couldn’t stomach the idea of just ignoring Remus, though he acknowledged that was maybe him just empathizing too hard right now.

How hard could it be, after all? He’d befriended a bunch of Slytherins when he had no right to, and somehow his parents had made a lifelong friend of this flighty werewolf, so he just had to recreate it somehow.

“Did you have anything in mind for this holiday then? I’m still missing a lot of presents for some friends—I need to make a trip to some muggle shops at some point.” He broke the ice, Remus finally seeming to relax slightly as he smiled.

“I didn’t have anything planned, no. It seemed like you had a pretty solid idea of what you wanted out of this so I was going to let you decide.” He admitted.

Harry puffed out his cheeks. “Are you calling me a brat!?”

“Self-assured, perhaps.” He countered kindly, but no less smoothly which made Harry smile. He noted when the werewolf’s eyes flickered a bit, both sad and somehow proud in one. “I do have to say, though I’m sure you’ve heard it many times before… you look just like your mother, Harry. I know you said you had red hair but it’s still amazing to see just how much of her I see in you.”

“…I might’ve heard that once or twice before,” He deflected, ignoring how his heart clenched at the reminder that this man had known both his parents very well. He had already been told many stories over letter but… he was also kind of looking forward to hearing them from his calm voice as well. “The amount of people who were shocked I didn’t look just like my dad was insane though—you could’ve heard a pin drop in the Great Hall when I was sorted, as if that did anything for my nerves!”

Remus chuckled. “Potter genes were always insane. Your father was practically a clone of your grandfather, and his grandfather and all that. I suppose people who ever once knew a Potter came with some preconceived notions.”

“Try literally everyone.” Harry complained.

Remus tilted his head as if just realizing something and smiled. “Actually, now that you mention it I’m glad to see you escaped the curse of needing glasses too. James always complained even magic couldn’t fix them and it was a real hassle during quidditch in particular. As a seeker I’m sure that would’ve been annoying for you.”

“Ah!” Harry perked up, curling his legs under himself on the chair to get more height so he could show him. “I actually do need glasses but I found a solution: magical contacts, see? These have a little bit of a rainbow color to them although you probably can’t see them indoors,”

“That’s incredible,” The man blinked in surprise, attempting to look but Harry knew in this lighting he probably didn’t see them, just taking on faith they were there. “It’s good to know they’re making advancements like that, I never imagined there’d be a fix for that.”

“The guy who sells them does a lot of cool stuff—I actually asked him to make me a couple pairs of a glasses for a few friends of mine as Christmas presents. Did I tell you about Lake and Alden? Wait—I need to tell you what just happen with Alden last week—”

And like that he was off. He never really needed much of an excuse to talk and honestly the letter-writing process only slowed him down since his hand cramped and he got bored eventually. But as Remus just curled his hands around his cup of tea and nodded along, giving him full license to just go for it, he found the words flowing out just as easily as they ever did in their writings.

And there was something very comforting about the gentle, patient attention of warm golden eyes accepting his every word.

000

Side-along apparition sucked just like the last time he’d done it, but luckily it wasn’t something you had to endure for long. It made him violently nauseous for a couple minutes and forced him to plop down on a low garden wall beside them after they landed, scowling at Remus’ quiet chuckling at him while he did so, but it was ultimately over quick. It was also the fastest way back without being spotted, as the two of them going into Diagon was too big of a risk.

Even if Harry had offered to just trail alongside him under the cloak.

Remus had just seemed a bit amused at the suggestion but said this was faster and safer. It was only as they walked the rest of the way up a rather mossy path, that Harry realized even if Remus didn’t appear to have anyone suspicious next to him, he was still a werewolf in what was essentially a Wizard hub—there was still a chance he’d be harassed for that alone, whether Harry was visible or not.

But the paranoia was ever-present these days so it didn’t take much to shove it down in favor of his undying curiosity about where Remus lived though, as he accepted the werewolf’s hand to help him stand and lead him down a rather overgrown road. They were in the countryside it seemed, or at least somewhere with a lot more green than London, but still populated enough for the road to be usable despite being a little covered in dirt and leaves and snow.

“The town is about a half hour walk down that way,” Remus pointed behind them as they crossed and opening in the garden wall lining the road onto an even more overgrown cobbled path. “It’s a muggle who owns this land—Mr. Benson. He’s very nice and is letting me rent, though he does wander around… he’s a lovely man, just a bit nosey. I try not to do any magic too obviously outside, but I put a muggle-repelling rune on the cottage to keep inside private.”

Harry appreciated he actually bothered explaining all of this, most adults wouldn’t care to—or in the case of a lot of Hogwarts teachers, would speak and just assume he already knew it or would figure it out on his own.

“Is it just you here?”

“For now. Mr. Benson is getting on in years and for a muggle to run a piece of land this large is difficult, so my understanding is he hires part-time help during warmer months to help with the animals. Those workers stay here but it’s empty during the winter so he was kind enough to let me use the space for a while.”

Harry knew from their letters that Remus hadn’t actually been in his current residence long, so now he knew he’d probably only been here a couple months, if not weeks. He did wonder where he’d go come spring, but kept that to himself as he suspected Remus probably didn’t know that himself.

“Do you see the animals often?” He couldn’t help but wonder, seeing the large wooden fence and open fields not too far away amongst the trees and wondered if they’d have livestock wandering by.

“Not yet, I believe they’re dairy cows so while it’s a bit chilly I think they keep close to their barns which is farther up that way,” Remus pointed and Harry felt a sense of safety getting his bearings like this, examining the lay of the land and memorizing the very short dirt path back to the road—and then of course the little series of homes carved out of the forest. The half dozen little buildings certainly did look like a farmer had built them himself some thirty years ago and it did indeed look like temporary muggle housing, not to mention probably not that winter-proofed at all… but they were neat and well maintained as anything on a busy farm would be.

You could also clearly tell which one was actually inhabited as the other apartments had locks on the doors and windows closed up, and while the one Remus lead them to had its windows drawn you could still see light coming from within.

“And here we are…it’s not much, as I warned you, but please make yourself comfortable,” The werewolf did seem a tad uncomfortable himself, or nervous even, as he welcomed him into the little place… or perhaps embarrassed, Harry wasn’t sure, but he put on a good poker face to pretend he wasn’t. Harry was just a little too used to being hyper aware of how the adults in the room were feeling at any given moment not to notice though.

Even by muggle standards it couldn’t be considered nice, but the two-room shack was bigger than a cupboard or a shed so Harry literally did not give a quaffle. Hogwarts may have been a spoiling experience with luxurious feasts, four-poster beds, and being a literal freaking ancient castle, but he was pleased to realize his gratitude was still firmly in proper place. His expectations remained firmly where they once were when he was ready to accept living in a box on the street with his muggle-repelling stone just to be free from his relatives and Dumbledore, and despite liking his opulent bed and the fancy meals he also in no way needed or expected them even now.

He also kind of understood Remus’ nerves though too. While proud of it at the time, he probably would’ve curled in on himself if any of his friends had seen his little set up at the back of the shed.

So while the werewolf didn’t really know it, Harry probably understood more than anyone else how no matter how humble the shell, the tiny little home he’d carved out for himself within it was far more important and precious than most people would truly appreciate.

And it was a home, because even probably only having been here a couple weeks and also probably using magic to make it so, the furniture was old but clean and well-tended. There were things everywhere to give it a fully lived-in feel, the kitchen counter lined in jars and spices, and the whole place was warm and smelled like coffee and cinnamon and also the persistent aged wood of the building itself. The rug on the roughly done floor was fluffy and cozy to cover up the splinter-hazard it was, the curtains clearly custom Gryffindor red to cover the foggy glass that even magic could probably never clean completely clear again. The plaster on the walls was decades old and chipping, done a dirty brown color probably by Mr. Benson himself to hide the fact the normal tenants were typically filthy from working on the farm and could never keep entirely clean, but the half-empty bookshelves and artwork—mostly muggle actually—generally distracted from it.

It was way more impressive than the first two places Harry had lived, being a cupboard and a shed respectively, and was also somehow infinitely more ‘homey’ than his apartment in Contrair or even Hogwarts since that was still shared space… not to mention enchanted, potentially sentient, and really confusing sometimes to ever really call it his.

So Remus had literally nothing to be ashamed of… this was a major step up in Harry’s world, in every way.

Since there was no way to properly communicate that in a casual conversation though, Harry resorted to being the presumptuous little shit half of Hogwarts thought he was.

He copied Remus in taking his shoes off at the door and then gleefully darted into the apartment to plop himself happily on the off-green couch without hesitation. He shot a cheeky grin at Remus as the man watched him do so, as if daring him to comment given he did just say to make himself at home, and thankfully it worked when he got a real smile back.

“It’s warm! Is that an enchanted stone too?” He wondered, referencing the fact the walls were clearly not built for winter living.

“Not exactly. I have a Rune hobby so I put a few around to keep the warmth in for sure, but the fireplace does most of the heating,” Remus followed him into the sitting area as he explained. It wasn’t a far walk, the kitchen and living room area were essentially one although the furniture was carefully done to create the illusion it was two spaces… and even being in said second space, Harry was looking and very sure there was no fireplace on any of the four walls he was looking at right now.

“Fireplace?” Harry did a quick glance, seeing nothing pointedly.

“Ah, right… muggle residences only sometimes have a full working one so I have a portable hearth for heat when needed,” He went to the bookcase across from where Harry was sitting and swung open the bottom half of it… revealing a full fireplace with fire burning happily if not lowly given it’d been unattended for a while.

Every muggle instinct he had said that was a huge fire hazard but… then again, magic probably. Somehow.

There was no chimney but no smoke and it didn’t even make a sound despite him now seeing it so it was probably silenced and otherwise enchanted… crazy.

“Magic is still weird to me.” He announced. “If I started a fire in a bookcase I’d get expelled.”

Remus snorted, highly amused as he left the bookcase open for his guest to enjoy the fire’s dancing flames. He reached up and took a small metal tin from an upper shelf though, pointedly shaking it at him.

“Also, please pay attention… while this fireplace isn’t technically hooked up to the official network, in case of emergencies you can still floo out of it. The powder is here.” He set the tin down pointedly, Harry sitting up a little straighter at the serious warning tone he had on.

Unfortunately, he could imagine what kind of emergencies might happen. And also a few that were probably unlikely, so the evidence of him having a bad case of paranoia was slowly increasing. He put it aside for now, knowing to just agree on this precaution without his normal sass for the sake of Remus’ stress level given he was already nervous about this visit in the first place.

“Okay… that means I can’t come back through it though?”

“That’s right. You can usually get into the floo network from any fireplace, but you can only leave through an officially registered one. I believe it was done for wizards’ security so we can escape from any muggle location if need be but also won’t be popping out of muggle fireplaces if we stumble our words going in.”

“Can that happen!?” Harry squeaked in alarm. “You can go to places you don’t mean if you say the location wrong!?”

“Unfortunately, yes, which is why enunciation is important,” he admitted, tilting his head a bit. “Have you used the floo before?”

“Not alone, I always had someone with me before, but I think I’ve probably got the hang of it if I needed to do it alone,” He assured him… and then just in case slipped in: “I mean if something does happen I’ll probably go to Draco’s. If it’s important.”

It might’ve been a slightly awkward thing to tack on but he did so that if something did happen, Remus would know where to find him.

Whether that really registered or not, the werewolf nodded with a genuine smile even if there was some tension in the lines of his forehead. “If you’re allowed into their wards then that’s a safe bet.”

It was probably a safe assumption that they had the best wards money could buy probably, so literally no one would be able to follow him, almost particularly the ministry. Harry assumed he had access to Malfoy Manor but he didn’t really know… let’s just hope he didn’t need to find out.

A part of him was sad, but a large part of himself was very relieved an adult was just as aware about safety as him though, to bring up the best escape plan within minutes of getting here. Not just the floo but to tell a twelve-year-old where the nearest adult was, even if Mr. Benson was a muggle, not to mention how to get to the nearest town on foot.

He was mainly only sad because while Harry suspected he was paranoid, Remus probably was. Even worse, because he had every right to be as a werewolf, if how Daphne had explained things was anything to go by… did it even count as paranoia if they really were out to get you?

Harry shoved those thoughts down, wanting this to be a good holiday damn it and he was going to enjoy himself, not worry a hole into the carpet before he’d even properly settled in.

“If someone does visit, I don’t have to immediately go though, right? Could I just hide?” He offered up slyly, deciding it was time for a much better topic of conversation he’d been meaning to get to anyway.

“Hide?” Remus hung his coat over one of the chairs around the small table in the kitchen, blinking at the child that abandoned the couch to practically dart around him and through the kitchen as well.

Harry could only beam at the mischief of it all.

“I didn’t think I was that subtle when I told you in my letter, but you didn’t have a good reaction at all!” He complained playfully, but then yanked the hood of his every-present, not-currently-invisible cloak up overhead and willed it to fall to cover feet and sleeves over hands. It sure felt like he had a hood over his head, but knew he’d disappeared to the casual eye when Moony froze.

Then the smile that exploded out of the werewolf made Harry really happy he’d come.

“You know what, it’s coming back to me now… how much trouble have you gotten into with this already then?” He asked, clearly only pretending to be the adult because he tone was high-key amused. His hands went out uncertainly as if searching for him, but Harry just slipped back around table on silent feet and dropped the hood again to reappear across room with a dramatic twirl to show off the now-visible cloak.

“Not that much—the Slytherins have taught me that you don’t necessarily need to sneak somewhere to get something, but it has been really handy if I’m cutting it too close to curfew. Also that whole thing with Norberta,” he winced and Remus made a face as he remembered, looking caught between exasperated and curious himself.

“I’m going to need to hear you tell me about that again, with more details please because that sounded absolutely absurd. Tell me you were exaggerating in your letter,”

“Well… if I edited anything it was to tone it down less someone read those letters and Hagrid get implicated… again.”

“Oh dear,” He gave a sigh of real worry then, before leaning on counter beside him and sparing his new guest a once over. “Now that I’m looking at it actually… I don’t really recall that being quite so silvery when your father wore it.”

Harry whipped his hands above his head with a huge grin, wand in hand and about to show him when he froze solid.

“Wait… I was about to transfigure it before remembering that’s probably a bad idea, right?”

“Yes, it would be. This counts as a break and you’re not seventeen, so no magic for you. I can do whatever you need me to though,” Moony offered, getting curious again. “On that note: transfigure what? The cloak?”

There was genuine alarm in his voice, but also seemed to already know him enough to suspect what was coming and was already half amused by it.

“It was such an old-lady-wallpaper-pattern before, and I wanted to wear it! Plus it didn’t have sleeves and was way too big—but it’s super magical so I didn’t have to be a Transfiguration prodigy to fix it, it kind of just did what I wanted it to when I pointed a wand at it. It still does what I want it to, see?” He held his arm down and willed sleeve to just… extend, and it dropped near to floor before coming back up to normal length and fanning out into a wider than normal sleeve.

Remus blinked widely and came a little closer in interest to watch it. “That’s fascinating actually… for as curious as your father was, he never dared mess with it given it was an heirloom.”

Harry pressed his lips innocently… half regretting how entirely flippant his first-year self was about his family’s legacy. The not had said it was his father’s not that it was a Potter family heirloom after all. He supposed he’d developed a little bit more respect now that he’d learned more things about his parents over the year but back then hadn’t given two shits—it was his now and he’d wanted to wear it, so he’d fixed it without thinking twice.

Oops.

Then again, he’d honestly probably do the same thing if given another opportunity, but maybe he would hesitate half a second this time? Who knew.

“I didn’t really think it through to be honest… I got it for Christmas last year with an unsigned note saying it was my father’s and that was it. I wanted to wear it so I just kinda did it—I don’t think I realized how important it was.” He admitted.

Remus considered that. “Well now that you mention it I’m not sure how long it’s been in your family… I was under the impression invisibility cloaks only last a couple generations at most. James said he got it from his father but that easily could’ve meant his father bought him a new one, so maybe it was more a gift than an heirloom.”

“It’s kind of crazy people can just buy invisibility cloaks like this. I don’t even use it for evil but I could’ve! Who else could be walking around with one!?” He complained, Remus laughing quietly.

“There are many ways to make yourself invisible, most being much more secure than a cloak you can still hear someone under. I think invisibility cloaks are a little less popular than more conventional methods given their hefty price.”

“Wait, what methods!? Do they teach you that type of thing at Hogwarts?” He demanded.

“Most likely not, no.” Remus seemed far too amused for how alarming this news was. “I could go into the specifics of course but I thought you were here on break. Still interested in schoolwork and spells?”

Harry caught the teasing tone and pouted, but couldn’t fight the smile as he played along too.

“Well I guess not, but magic is still really cool sometimes. It’s gonna take me until I graduate not to think some things are crazy or weird. It doesn’t feel like schoolwork still, if it’s interesting enough.”

“That’s a healthy attitude to have towards learning, although breaks are important too. Going off your letters it seems you normally have a novel’s worth of things going on in your head at any given moment, am I right?”

Harry paused, before pointedly ignoring that to make a joke out of it.

“Well I can’t not think when I have so many things to do! Even for break I don’t have all my gifts ready and Christmas will be here before you know it! I’m still missing something for Theo and Hannah and… wait, I wrote the whole list down as I’ll never remember everyone and I accidentally bought Susan two things already because I forgot so I need like, a full checklist or something,” He still had his bag around his shoulders—force of habit, he never took it off—and started digging through it, knowing he had that list floating around in there somewhere.

“Sounds like shopping is on the agenda then.” Moony allowed and Harry nodded vehemently as he unearthed his list.

“I actually really like shopping, I only ever go once a year pretty much before school starts. I mean Draco and I went twice this summer but the first time we really just goofing off, getting ice cream, and dodging Lockhart.” He admitted.

“A respectable use of summertime, of course. And you’ve said some things about Professor Lockhart in your letters, but he can’t be that bad, right?” Moony more sounded worried about that and Harry didn’t even bother dignifying that with a response, just giving him a dry look that said enough before snapping his list out and coming to hang out around him by the kitchen counter.

“Most of what I need is in the muggle world actually, but I still can’t think of what to get most of my Slytherin friends’, but I know it should probably come from Diagon. Think they might have an allergic reaction to anything muggle honestly.” He snipped, but out of fondness which Remus seemed to pick up on so he let the… distinct preferences known about the pureblood house slide.

“We’ll have to brainstorm a bit then.”

“I wonder if I could get a haircut too,” Harry realized, not used to having this much freedom since Moony seemed to be ready to just let him do what he wanted with this break. Normally he was under a time crunch when shopping—and he didn’t count this past summer as that still felt restrictive given he could only really go out when he mustered the energy or motivation to do so which was not really a guarantee for him at the time. “It might be nice to get more than one a year honestly… and I’m actually taller for once so I could get some real winter muggle clothes so I don’t have to keep transfiguring my current stuff! Also new cleats for the football club, for me first but since I actually want to get some gear as presents too that’ll be another stop— but I’m not sure I can find the jersey I want to get Dean at the store I’m thinking of,” He rambled a bit as he plotted their path.

“I think I underestimated just how much shopping this would entail.” Moony said it as a joke but Harry could tell he was slightly nervous of the wild look in the eyes of the child before him too.

Harry could help but snicker and tease.

“Scared?”

“Perhaps slightly. I can’t say I’ve ever spent much time in clothing stores.” He confessed.

Harry abandoned looking at his list to whip up and give the werewolf a look, pointedly glancing down at the jacket he was wearing and Remus instantly gripped flaps tightly.

“I like this jacket Harry,” He warned, clearly seeing where he was going with that evil glint in his eye.

“I did mention my hobby for Transfiguration though—it could be that jacket, but I could spruce it up a bit,” He offered just oh so innocently—so innocently in fact that Moony immediately retreated to the other side of the kitchen in mock fear, wagging finger at him.

“Please don’t. No magic, remember?”

“Hm,” He was only half convinced… but he was not that much of an asshole so he wouldn’t ruin his cloths since he asked so nicely…

But would absolutely go get him more, so he mentally tacked some other shops onto their list of stops to make.

“I’m making some tea, would you like some?” Remus interrupted his plotting, whether on purpose or not Harry accepted the distraction in interest.

“Sure!”

“Anything specific?”

“Not really, I like the basic stuff Hogwarts has. Pretty sure it’s normal black tea, or sometimes Chamomile.”

“I can do that,” He allowed, turning and tapping his wand to a kettle on the stove, the sound of it filling with water accompanying the click of the gas igniting.

Harry had noticed the long line of jars around the small kitchen counter space, and as he came over to inspect he noticed more than half were full of tea leaves. It was clearly something Remus enjoyed, and since the topics of presents was still floating around he made a note that would be a good gift. And actually, he fully just shadowed the man into the kitchen area and slyly snooped through the jars, opening some to take a curious sniff of what kind of teas there were, and was pleasantly surprised to find things he didn’t even recognize.

As Moony went about setting two cups with very practiced motions beside him, Harry only half noticed the man shooting him amused looks as he poked around.

He blinked then, as the werewolf silently slid one of the jars in front of his eyes and he took the hint to crack the lid and smell it, looking up at him in confusion.

“Lavender?”

“Earl grey lavender. It’s one of my favorites, if you wanted to try.”

“Yes please!” He perked up, kind of interested in all the flavors when he’d never really given much more thought to tea than… well, that it was tea. Clearly there was a world out there he unaware of, but it sounded like a tasty one. “You never mentioned you were a tea person. A chocolate person for sure, but good to know you like tea too.” To be fair everyone in this country seemed to like tea, but the sheer variety Remus had seemed to make it more a hobby than a snack.

“Nothing quite beats a cup of tea on a cold day… and there are a lot of cold days in this country.”

Harry laughed. “It doesn’t rain as much at Hogwarts I noticed, but I always assumed that was magic.”

“Hm… not sure if I ever noticed that but I wouldn’t be shocked if that were part of its enchantments. Why that couldn’t have applied to certain quidditch game days, I’m not sure.”

“I’ve not yet had to play a game in the rain yet—Wood makes us practice in it for sure but not a real game so far.”

“You’re lucky then. I was only ever a bystander and it was miserable,” He was pouring boiling water into two cups now carefully, and Harry was practically under his elbow as he did so in interest at the delicious scent the freshly brewing flowers and leavers were giving off—and even more fun was that the water was a much prettier purplish color than the normal breakfast tea Hogwarts had. “As you know your father wore glasses and almost flew into the rings a dozen times because he couldn’t see with the rain. Actually, if memory serves I’m pretty sure a Hufflepuff completely slipped off their broom once, though luckily close to the ground.”

“Oof… as if quidditch weren’t dangerous enough. I got hit by a bludger and broke my arm this year, that sucked—still one of my best games ever though.” He remembered, actually almost having forgot about that even with it only being a couple months ago now. Too many things had happened honestly.

“I remember you mentioning the arm, not the game though. What made it so good?”

Again like a bullet train Harry went off rambling, following Moony as he set the tea down on the kitchen table and Harry immediately resumed the position they’d had in the café in the chair adjacent to him, both curling up over their cups to whittle down the rest of the day lost in conversation.

000

“A friend gave this one to me, many years ago.” Remus held up a book from where he knelt in front of the fireplace/bookshelf. “And I still have all my old textbooks of course, but I can’t imagine they’re better than what you currently have. Minerva is very good about keeping up to date on developments on the topic so your current texts are probably the best you’ll get. I don’t really have any other references though.”

They were yet again on the topic of Transfiguration, but as Harry lifted his hands and made a grabby motion for the book, Moony just rolled his eyes and put it back on the shelf pointedly.

“Weren’t you going to bed? You can take whatever you want from the shelves—tomorrow and not when you should be sleeping. I thought people joked about you being in Slytherin, not Ravenclaw?” He teased and Harry just grunted as he shoved himself deeper into the couch which was acting as his bed for the duration of this holiday.

“It’s barely homework, it’s mostly a hobby at this point. It’d be great nighttime reading!”

“How about something a little simpler? I bet you haven’t heard any of the wizarding tales, how about one of those?”

“Aren’t they for little kids?” Harry was doubtful, but the werewolf just shook his head.

“That doesn’t change the fact they’re good, now does it? They don’t all need to be Alice in Wonderland, they can be simple too—sometimes the simplicity is nice before bed.”

“I’ve never read Alice in Wonderland either, that’s a muggle story right? Wait— isn’t it supposed to be whacky? DID a wizard write it under a muggle name or something?”

Moony blinked, seeming to have been caught off guard. “…huh. I have no idea.” He seemed to decide and leaned over from where he was cross legged on the carpet to grab a book from a different shelf. “What I do know is that it’s a classic so we’re starting with that one.”

“Don’t I get a say since it’s my story?”

“Since you’d have me reading a Transfiguration textbook if you had your way then no, no you don’t.”

Harry’s noises of dramatic complaint were ignored—it’d only been one day but Remus seemed 100% immune to his antics already and just happily leafed open the book as he settled in, implying the child in front of him should as well.

It was probably because Harry couldn’t actually complain too hard so most of his griping wasn’t genuine. This was all… nice.

He’d worn a hole in their dorm room carpet worrying about what it’d be like to be ‘home’ for a holiday but after getting over the nerves of actually getting here, he found it taken almost no time at all to get used to this. Literally even, as it hadn’t been a full day yet but he already knew leaving at the end of the break would break something inside of him too.

Moony was just like Harry had imagined him being from his letters, once the nerves and paranoia of having someone visit him had passed. He toed the line of being an ‘adult’ and friend like a certified pro, goofing off and loving to hear about his antics and quidditch games, while also having an adult’s worried exasperation over some things—not judgement or scolding, just this little sigh expressing that he wished Harry be more careful sometimes. Draco did it too so Harry didn’t even blink twice at gleefully ignoring.

They’d made dinner together, which was instantly one of Harry most favorite things to do now. Despite having lived longer, Remus in fact did not have more experience than him in the kitchen so they were actually both experts at the craft. And Harry’s most favorite habit of the werewolf’s was that Remus never assumed Harry knew less just because he was twelve, so when he said he was going to make dinner he willingly opened up his kitchen when Harry butted right in to help (ahem, take over) and the two of them made a very efficient, successful team.

He'd almost forgotten but he actually did like to cook a lot. Just… not for the Dursleys—not as a chore, or a punishment, or a necessity to keep him from being locked in a cabinet, whatever it used to mean. The actual act of cooking was enjoyable, and when it was with someone who was a great cook himself it was actually super fun. The fact he could cook and then not only eat it himself, but feed it to someone else who actually complimented his work and told him it was delicious had him literally in the clouds with a big goofy grin on his face all the while they did dishes together afterwards.

It was already dark by then so most other plans were halted, but it’d been a long day and if Harry’s plans were anything to go by then it’d be a busy week leading up to Christmas as well. One thing Moony was actively trying to instill into him was that there was no need to rush—they didn’t have to immediately go sprint to every shop he wanted to stop at all tomorrow, they could split it up over the next couple days. They didn’t have to have every conversation they wanted to get to right now—they could talk about nothing but children’s stories and what they’d have for breakfast tomorrow for now, and plan a little more come morning light. They didn’t have to get so worked up over the prospect of a break they didn’t get enough sleep to actually enjoy the rest of it.

Harry thought himself pretty clever but Moony was damn diabolical so somehow he’d found himself in his sleep clothes, tucked into the pillows and blankets making the couch his new bed, despite the fact it still felt too early to actually go to sleep. Remus was just too persuasive—ex-Marauder indeed because Harry was surprised at how many bickering sessions he found himself losing somehow. He barely even noticed actually until it hit him he was settled into bed at barely nine at night on his first day of break, and that was certainly not a choice he’d made.

The petty part of him intended to make the werewolf read the entire book he was holding since he’d insisted on this after all, and they’d be here all night anyway.

“Does the village have a library?” He wondered aloud before Remus could get started, derailing him some.

“I believe so, yes.”

“You said we’d walk down tomorrow, let’s stop there too. I want to find a book on that thing you said—Algeria or something. We can get kiddie stories too I guess,” He rolled his eyes.

“Algebra,” Remus snorted, amused. “And of course, whatever you want so long as you can return them before break is over. Otherwise you’ll need to mail them back to me for me to return.”

“Right,” he agreed, although internally he just wanted to check out if the topic really was all Remus implied it was before he’d probably just buy some books on the topic later anyway. They’d touched on Harry’s draft paper again and Remus implied he’d already touched on the fundamentals of Algebra with his Transfiguration work so he wondered if that was another topic that might interest him while he was running out of Transfiguration work his-level to occupy him.

The fact it was a muggle topic meant McGonagall couldn’t be mad about him reading ahead in it since it posed no risk to his magical core, which was a bonus.

“How much do you know about muggle subjects? You said you were a tutor once?”

“Some,” The werewolf admitted, lowering the book in his hand some. “I always had interest so I read some things during my time at Hogwarts, but when I graduated there was a time I took it more seriously as a job. I only ever taught younger muggle children though, so my knowledge base isn’t that comprehensive.”

“What made you stop?”

“Ah… my condition made me rather unreliable, I’m afraid. Parents were not that thrilled that I wasn’t able to support for significant durations every month when children that age need a consistent hand to actually learn. I did agree so I stopped after a time.”

“Would you mind helping me?” He’d asked before on other ways but… in person like this, when he’d already gotten comfortable asking whatever and knowing Remus never held it against him… he though he had a better shot. Knowing he was still probably overstepping he backpedaled some but still held out hope. “Only if you have the time of course! I just… I had half a mind to take my A-levels too, so I’d have both a muggle and a magical education. The options were good.” He admitted awkwardly.

Moony gave a genuine, is slightly sad smile.

“Of course, I’d be happy to. What were you thinking? Any particular topics of interest?”

“I don’t know honestly; the only one off the top of my head is that Hogwarts doesn’t teach maths but I thought it’s treated very importantly in the muggle world, so I was worried I was missing something.”

“Next year you’ll have the opportunity to take Arithmancy, which I recommend, but you’re right… muggle maths is a whole other beast. I don’t think you’ll need the higher-level stuff for day-to-day life, but if your goal is to take an A-level someday I can help with what I can.”

Harry beamed, sitting up straighter in his blankets to make sure he saw it.

“Please and thank you! That’s exciting, then I could do things in either the magical or muggle world!”

“That’s true… having options is important.”

The man seemed a little distracted as he said it, though it wasn’t hard to see why. He’d already confessed Harry’s future and ambitions to be his first priority, over him and over anything else. Before it was to justify all the secrecy, and he meant to express that by what he didn’t do or say… to express his support by doing something like teaching again was a shift in mindset.

Harry couldn’t quite get a read on him to tell if he genuinely didn’t mind it or not, but he could tell he wasn’t going to deny the request either. True to his suspicion, when asked in person Remus seemed to have a lot less will power to saying no about serious topics like this. About bedtime he’d 100% shut him down, but when asking for help he seemed unable to actually deny him… which, good or bad, Harry was fully going to make use of.

Particularly about this, because the thing was, options were good. The wizarding world sucked ass for things like nepotism and classism—don’t even get him started on racism, or speciesism, or whatever it was you called the messed-up situation with werewolves… and it wasn’t like the muggle world didn’t have those things but the more options you had to escape a situation the better.

Besides, it wasn’t just thoughts inside his head anymore, he’d told the twins he intended to become Minister one day—for Remus. Now that he was actually here with his not-godfather, the feeling just… seemed so much stronger all of a sudden. Less something ‘make it up’ to him and something he needed to do because Moony was…

Moony didn’t deserve this shack and to be afraid to teach when it was clear he really liked it. When it was clear he’d be one of the best teachers on the world if he were just able to help people as freely as he clearly wanted to.

No, if he was going to become Minister then he’d need one foot in both worlds and all the advantages he could. He’d be as blind as some of the snottier Slytherins out there if he discounted the muggle world as unimportant or ‘not as good’ as the magical one. He needed every option available to him, and maybe taking A-levels wouldn’t amount to anything really but it would never be a bad thing to have the option.

Besides, he was learning to make plans in the magical world, but he was learning those skills from snakes. Everyone else was one thing, but if he was ever going to beat them at their own game, the game they themselves were teaching him, then he needed things they would never see coming or imagined could be possible. And the only thing they openly turned their noses up at (and also therefore a blind eye to as a side effect) was everything muggle. It was essentially him learning an entirely additional education that they didn’t have and any extra cards he had up his sleeve the better.

Hopefully one would come in handy one day.

Luckily, Remus was unaware of how existential his thoughts were around innocently asking about the library tomorrow, and just made a small clicking noise with his tongue.

“That’s all for the morning then, listen up. You asked me to teach, right?”

“Yeah, maths.”

“Too bad, you’re getting literature right now and you can’t be ignorant of the classics. In either world.” He sniffed jokingly and lifted the book pointedly in the politest ‘shut up’ Harry had ever gotten.

He just snickered to himself and plopped back against his pillows and let the werewolf get started, humoring his attempt at a ‘bedtime story’ and still thinking this was a strange choice of activities when they could just continue talking or even play a game or something.

And yet, despite his dismissal of how childish it all was and his petty determination to make the man read the whole little book right here and now in protest… he was out like a light before Alice even had her first bite of cake.



Chapter End Notes

Remus:

Baby Mine (The Hound + The Fox)

You Will Be Okay (Annapantsu)

btw I got into k-pop during my break and am obsessed but cannot yet figure out how to connect it here, suggestions welcome





Chapter 62: Book 2 : Envy : 29


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“How’s this one!?”

“I like that one too—the color is nice.” Remus was too patient, giving an amused smile at his charge’s antics despite it already being probably the hundred thing Harry had forcefully shown him this week. Not all of it clothes, but it had certainly been a lot of clothes, and he knew Moony was only half invested in what he was actually wearing, more just here for moral support as always. Since Harry was only actually buying one out of ten things he put on and forced the werewolf to comment on, the low investment wasn’t that insulting either.

“You’ve said that about literally everything I’ve shown you so far!” He huffed, jokingly indignant.

“I’m afraid I don’t have the expertise on what colors match each other, and besides I think it’s your right to wear what you’d like. I admit I’m kind of afraid of commenting either way,” The werewolf deflected like an expert.

“Oh come on, I promise I won’t be mad if you gave me a real opinion you know, I’m aware I dress weird. It would be more helpful to know how weird it is in the wizarding world.”

“I’m sure you’re not the type who cares what the general opinion is.”

“I mean true, but I’m also friends with Slytherins and if I’m gonna get on their good side I also need to know how to dress like a pureblood when it counts.”

Remus just sighed, kind of defeated by this wild child.

Throughout their shopping adventures, the werewolf had gotten used to Harry’s insistence and bull-like personality in doing what he wanted. He’d gone along with most of it with this fond air, and despite being noticeably wary of other people, in the muggle shops they’d been visiting no one looked twice at either of them. Not since there were tons of people and families of all sorts also shopping for last minute holiday gifts, they blended right in easily.

Remus did have a moment of being hesitant at the shopping spree Harry was on, but also very clearly not brave enough to comment on his outfit choices, so kept it to himself. Only once had he come only so close as to imply that maybe they wanted to not spend a fortune here, and Harry had twisted it in an instant into taking it as a comment on what he chose to wear. Remus immediately backed off and there had not been a word or implication since.

Harry felt slightly bad of twisting his words like that, but he was also not about to be lectured. Remus was a friend first, he didn’t want to be coddled or treated like a kid who couldn’t make his own life choices—he would love the reliable ear that the werewolf was for some advice, but he wasn’t about to be bossed around and drew that line in the sand immediately. Mostly because he knew it wasn’t about the clothes it was about the money, but Harry was not about to be told anything or guilted into wearing anything he didn’t pick himself because someone else felt weird about him having the money to buy it himself, and that was final.

Luckily Remus was clever enough to recognize that quickly and backed off to give him space to do these shopping sprees in peace, as a weary but supportive side kick mostly. Harry suspected it was related to his self-depreciating nature but was instead choosing to believe his godfather was merely respecting him instead… and the truth was probably somewhere in the middle, honestly.

As the trips wore on though, watching how much fun his charge was having, Moony clearly softened until he appeared mostly won over and just happy to be here at this point.

Which was great because Harry had an ulterior motive: yes this was a lot of fun, but he also needed to drill home to Remus that this was something he wanted. In amongst their shopping when the man’s back was turned, he’d already ordered new clothes as a present for the werewolf for Christmas and if he had a shot of convincing him it wasn’t charity, it needed to be made clear that this was mostly because Harry wanted to dress his godfather up, not because of pity or embarrassment to be seen with a man in shabby clothes.

He would rather the quiet werewolf be embarrassed his unofficial godson wanted to dress him up like a doll for his own enjoyment rather than humiliated thinking a child thought he was a charity case. Remus would not be getting out of new clothes either way and you know, lesser of two evils here.

Harry really hated that that seemed to be the situation with most things relating to Remus but… they would both just have to get over it. At least Remus would have new clothes that fit his complexion better and were warmer for the chilly season than the old jacket he had on now. And their relationship would stay playful despite any potential embarrassment at being forced to wear sweaters with a lot more color than Harry suspected Remus would have ever considered wearing on his own. That was a light-hearted kind of embarrassment at least, rather than the alternative.

So if Harry had been trying on more clothes (like a lot more) than strictly necessary in an attempt to wear Moony down, no one had to know. Going by how utterly defeated the man seemed at this point when Harry returned to the dressing room with yet another armful of things to try, he was going to call this mission a success!

“…I’m not quite sure that neon of any sort would be looked upon favorably by most purebloods, to be completely honest.” Remus finally admitted after much convincing.

Harry tisked but just looked back in the mirror to his current get-up. “I figured that, but it’s still annoying.”

Remus laughed quietly behind him out of sight of the mirror. The act of glancing back to see where he’d moved to though, had a new rack catching his eye. He made a playful gasp and spun on his heel to walk over, snatching up one of the big fluffy sweaters displayed, which were honestly perfect for the weather this season.

“I’ll be right back!” He didn’t even spare his guardian a glance but at this point knew Remus was not about to stop him.

“Sure thing…” Came the weary but clearly amused agreement as he disappeared back into the shop.

The two of them had found a routine in no time at all, and honestly Harry was… well he liked it, first of all, but he couldn’t exactly put into words just what it was he felt about it sometimes too.

He hadn’t asked but it was clear Remus wasn’t working right now, probably between jobs as he often was going from their letters, but not seeming to be that motivated to return to work probably while he had Harry here for break. He appreciated it, since it meant the two of them could do whatever with their days and spend the break actually together since that was the entire point of the trip in the first place.

But even not needing to get up to go to classes or a job, there was a routine that found its rhythm almost immediately between them two that was… easy, somehow.

Given it was a two-room shack they were living in and Harry didn’t know the silencing charm even if he had been allowed to use it, Remus obviously noticed what an early riser his guest was and dutifully rose to spend the mornings with him. If Harry had wanted to help with the breakfast chores since he’d been so eager about cooking dinner the nights before, Remus had put a firm line in the sand and had him sitting at the tiny kitchen table to catch up on his homework for break at least while the werewolf pulled together their morning meal. They’d eat and talk charms, then finish their tea as Harry finished an essay or wrote a letter to one of his friends (Hedwig, the clever bird she was, having arrived the morning after he did when she connected he’d left her behind—don’t worry he’d made it up to her with plenty of treats), and then the day would really start.

If Harry had wanted to immediately jump up into the things they had planned for the day, he never got the chance to since after breakfast they now went on walks around the little forested area. Moony’s knowledge of tea leaves and herbs expanded into knowing about the flora and fauna around the little area, even if it was mostly covered in snow this time of year, so Harry got a little more education on rural living and foraging than he had before. They also discovered the cows did come up to the fence and were happy to accept all the veggie scraps they saved from the previous day’s meals with deep, grumbling sounds of content. They were pretty quick on the uptake too, because this was only day three of their new routine and by the time they left the shack this morning the large creatures were already lined up at the fence waiting for their snack, happy to greet Harry running over through the snow to say hi.

There was also always a chore or something for them to do—collect wood from the pile outside, brush off snow of the small path back to the road, clean the kitchen from breakfast or the sitting area from whatever they’d been doing the night before: the list went on. Remus also had an owl delivering small parcels of groceries they put away, then of course cleaning out Hedwig’s cage, wrapping the presents they’d bought the previous day or… you know, just something to tidy up around the place and keep them moving and useful. By that time it was usually late morning and he’d help Remus pack them lunches to go, and then they’d be off to whatever the real goal of the day was.

So far it had been shopping, and a lot of it. It had also been into the muggle village nearby, the two of them taking the long walk over the snowy road while bundled up tight—and Remus drawing warmth-saving runes on their clothes which was a major win on all accounts.

At this point Harry had pretty much everything he needed from the muggle world, so this last shop they were in was purely a selfish desire to update his wardrobe some. The downside of most of his shopping sprees being in the summer was that he clearly couldn’t wrap his head around what he’d want to wear once it got cold, so it was a nice chance to get some sweaters, jackets, boots, and general warmer things that fit his colors better. He had a ton of options for warm days and noticeably less for colder days, so he was happy to fix that now. It was also a nice surprise that despite the rural area this town was still fully equipped with plenty of cafes and little clothing shops that he made himself very familiar at quickly.

Laden with their spoils (though not really as it all fit into his bottomless bag without adding any weight) they made the walk home once more to rest, although Harry normally wasn’t resting much given how the trip always got him so hyper he just bounced around the small apartment babbling his head off while Remus unpacked their things and listened with an amused smile. There was even an attempt to teach his werewolf godfather football in the snowy open area around the forest, though it was poorly thought through since the terrain made it all but impossible. Harry suspected it was mainly Remus’ attempt to tire him out since he was being too hyper, but in the end the werewolf was the one who looked the most tired by the time darkness fell.

It was hard to say what his favorite part of the routine was but he certainly had a soft spot for their evenings, when they partnered to pull together pretty amazing dinners given their skills and attention to it. Not to mention an expertise Harry had that Remus did not was in baking, so he also got to teach him some of his favorites to make for dessert—to which Remus fully proved himself a Marauder at heart when the cupcake-decorating activity ended up destroying the kitchen and wasting a lot of icing (most of it ending up in Harry’s hair unfortunately). Luckily magic made the clean up much easier than it would’ve been normally so Harry could chuck a handful of sprinkled icing at his opponent without feeling too guilty about it—and he kind of had to when he was under an icing attack himself.

Well fed and in a sugar coma then, the nights usually ended with them playing games on the sitting area carpet or reading together, and somehow Harry always found himself asleep far earlier than he’d ever been at Hogwarts. He knew it was all by his werewolf’s design and despite grumbling about it couldn’t complain that hard when the solid night’s sleeps were actually great.

It was only the third day of it but Harry was already kind of wishing this was just how life always was.

He shook those thoughts off as he examined the sweater he was wearing, but quickly decided against it. He had a couple kind of similar to this already and it was too scratchy up at the neck, and honestly he was about done with the clothes shopping for now. It was getting late and he was kind of already looking forward to getting home… which as soon as the thought formed he had to stare into the mirror for a second to convince himself that that feeling was actually real right now.

He wanted to go home.

As in, he wanted to leave the free-reign shopping adventure he was on and just… retreat back to somewhere he was more comfortable than out in public like this.

…huh.

He quickly put his normal clothes back on and went to find Remus again, returning the sweater to where he’d gotten it from.

“Not interested in that one?”

“Well, the twins said Mrs. Weasley makes everyone sweaters for Christmas every year and she was nice enough to give me one last year. If I get another I’d rather wear that one so I don’t need two,” He explained, almost in a ‘See? I can be reasonable!’ sort of tone, and earned himself a wry smile telling him Remus knew exactly what he was doing.

“Nothing about these trips have implied you’d be upset about having two.” He reminded him a bit too serenely.

Harry crossed his arms in a pout, “Are you calling me spoiled!?”

“Self-assured, perhaps.”

He almost injured himself eye-rolling at that new habit while the werewolf laughed at him, but made a show of pouting to change the subject. “Okay but the real issue now is what the heck I get the Slytherins. I’ve gotten everything I can in the muggle world with this,” referencing the last cart of things and Remus seemed relieved to take the hint that this shop was done as he pushed it for him towards the front to check out.

“We can discuss more tonight and make a plan for Diagon tomorrow. We still have some time this afternoon though, so how about we stop at the library?” Remus suggested and Harry perked right up. He had been looking forward to getting home but they hadn’t had a chance to stop there yet and he was curious so he eagerly agreed.

“Yes! We’re getting books on algebra, right?”

Remus gave a huff and just shook his head. “They called me a bookworm in my Hogwarts days but you certainly have me beat, don’t you?”

“It’s only ‘cause I’m motivated.” He admitted as the shop keep began scanning the many items for them, peering over the edge of the cart to double check it really was everything he’d meant to get.

“I did pick up that you’re rather hard to convince when uninterested,”

Harry narrowed a look up at the man but as Remus was now smiling at the cashier and accepting their greetings there was a good excuse to ignore him.

It wasn’t until they were free of the store, bags safely repacked into Harry’s bottomless bag, and walking the small sidewalks towards where the library was that Moony brought the focus back from the bickering they’d fallen into once again.

“About these books we’re getting,” He interrupted, Harry blinking up at him as he sensed the more serious topic of conversation. “I was thinking over your request to just ‘teach you’ things. When I tutored I worked out of this library a couple times and know there are published documents for children who need a home education here. I might pick up some for your year level to see what else muggle children your age should be learning, if you’re interested.”

“So not just algebra but writing and language and things,” He frowned, not having great memories of his muggle school but knew that was probably largely from the people and how he was supposed to be stupider than Dudley (somehow).

“As we’ve established, if you’re not interested then I don’t believe there’s much anyone could do to compel you so I won’t force anything, but the offer is there. I’ll stick to the one topic if that’s all you’re interested in for now.”

Harry thought it over, pressing his lips into a thin line as he did so but… as the library came into view, and he took Remus’ hand to cross the road, he gripped it tighter as he remembered what he was doing this for.

He was not a bookworm or that academically inclined and to be honest he didn’t want to be doing extra homework or boring stuff like this… but he was motivated to be smarter than everyone else someday if he could manage it. The hand in his was a good reminder of why.

“I’m interested only because I want both magic and muggle educations, not because I think literature or history will be fun.” He admitted bluntly.

Remus just laughed. “Understood. I’ll do my best to make it painless then.”

000

Harry kept insisting he wasn’t a nerd and yet evidence kept failing him because despite of it all, he really did like libraries. That library he first read his Hogwarts letter in had been a sanctuary, the Hogwarts library itself was obviously magical in more ways than one, and he was finding that this muggle library was just as interesting yet peaceful as he’d hoped it’d be.

He actually did feel like a kid accompanying an adult for once, as Remus had helped him talk to the Librarian about getting himself an official card and then gone off to obtain the right paperwork and workbooks for that promised home education, so Harry found himself solo once more. Normally that was the standard procedure for him but all of a sudden he wasn’t super thrilled about it despite what a non-issue it was.

Especially given that this place had several dozen children and teenagers also milling about reading or playing, so it was quite a safe place that adults felt comfortable just letting their charges go in and it wasn’t weird to be left to wander exactly. It was just that Harry wasn’t particularly itching to be alone for once, because most of the things he wanted to learn from these books he really wanted ask Remus about first so he was more just hanging out and checking what a different muggle library could offer him. Normally he was in the fiction section if he were at his old library as a means of escape, and Hogwarts’ entire library felt like fiction and nonsense despite it all being real, so today was his first real attempt at exploring the non-fiction section.

And there was a lot.

It kind of overwhelmed him honestly, which is how he knew for certain he was no Ravenclaw, but as he wandered the endless aisles of books he did eventually stumble upon some that looked cool. It was mostly fun science stuff, particularly stuff about animals because those were cool and he was honestly losing his mind a bit in the magical world about what a ‘normal’ animal looked like… particularly because as he leafed through these muggle books he was still seeing creatures he was finding hard to believe muggles knew about and didn’t consider them mythical or magical.

Science definitely seemed like the muggle topic he’d like the most as it just made a lot of sense to him. He killed some time checking out books with colorful covers boasting weird facts and experiments for families to try, then a ton of magazines just full of animal facts and beginner science things, before he ran into what was clearly the heavy academic side of science. The books were a lot less colorful and inviting and probably full of much more boring text instead of pictures or fun facts.

He was instantly less interested and about to walk right through this aisle to loop back around to the more colorful children’s section, when a large familiar symbol on the binding of a big white book made him freeze.

How do I know that one? He wondered, pausing to grab it and turn it over curiously. He almost had to do a double-take at the title printed in boring muggle-type-font text on the from surrounded by a whole lot of magical symbols that he suddenly remembered all at once because Nick had given him several small texts with these exact graphics only weeks ago.

The History of Chemistry: Alchemy Symbols and Compounds.

Compounds? What are compounds? Is that science or alchemy!? Chemistry is a science, the one with the lab coats and test tubes and things—does that mean alchemy is a science?

He blinked several times at the title, trying to make what he was seeing make sense. Was this a wizard book that got mixed into a normal library by accident? Did people not think this should be in the fiction section then? If it’s a prank then a wizard might not even know what ‘science’ was to put it in this section in the first place, so where did it come from?

Well, the fast way to figure it out was to just read it himself, so he cracked the cover and flipped to the first page in hopes the introduction would give him a hint. The first thing that struck him was that muggle textbooks were very dry, to the point of being kind of robotic compared to things written by a wizard—no pizzazz or flair or personality!—but then again books written by wizards didn’t have editors or reviewers. On the upside though it was much cleaner and more concisely written than anything he’d read from the Hogwarts’ library in the past year and a half, so it wasn’t that bad, just a little dry…

… but then what he was reading sunk into his brain and even the monotone introductory paragraphs were suddenly riveting.

He almost didn’t realize the passing of several minutes, nor the way he’d sunk to the ground to kneel on the floor with the book locked into his hands tightly as his mind was blown by what he was reading.

Muggles knew about Alchemy! A long time ago both muggles and wizards knew about Alchemy. Then when the wizards went into hiding and the two worlds separated, it got refined into other subjects like Potions and Transfiguration in the wizarding world, but what muggles called Alchemy eventually evolved into Chemistry—but the old Alchemy was the exact same thing to both worlds.

Admittedly Harry had only scanned some of the stuff Nick had sent him as he hadn’t had the time (or real motivation) beyond goofing off with Hermione sometimes to really get into it. Now that he was hearing almost the same history of Alchemy but from a muggle perspective and this very official textbook was talking about how alchemy had been the origin of what became known as chemistry, it was all coming back to him and dots were connecting in ways he never thought possible.

That’s wicked.

“Harry?”

He almost leapt out of his skin, so absorbed in the text he’d completely forgotten for a moment he was in a public place and there were people wandering around right now. Snapping his head up he was relieved it was just Remus looking own at him, papers under his arm with a fond smile.

“Found something interesting?”

He immediately held up book. “What do you know about Chemistry?”

“Chemistry?” He tilted his head. “Hm, not nearly as much as other topics for sure… it’s one of the later branches of muggle science that the kids I used to tutor didn’t need, so I only have a basic understanding of what it is and some fundamentals. Did it catch your interest? From what I know, it’s rather similar to Transfiguration.”

Harry felt his spirits soar.

This.

It’s exactly what he’d been looking for when he was trying to distract himself in the Hogwarts library: something brand new, something he could sink his teeth into, something not even magical so McGonagall couldn’t get mad about him reading ahead! He’d been about to resort to dark Transfiguration to an attempt to do all those things before, but to think he’d found something muggle that scratched the itch too was the best news he’d gotten all year.

“Yes! It sounds really interesting!” He scrambled to his feet, clutching the book tighter to his chest.

Remus didn’t think anything amiss with his enthusiasm thankfully and just got on board as always.

“Well you have a library card now, why don’t you check out some books for break? I’ll see if I can’t find some introductory ones.”

Harry cheered, not dropping the book currently in his arms but happily following along as Remus walked back down the aisles some to browse through some more muggle books Harry had previously walked right by. Now that he knew what the topic was he could see the titles fitting his wants better, things like ‘introduction to Chemistry’ and other boring-looking muggle textbooks essentially, but Harry couldn’t give a quaffle.

Particularly not when Remus pulled a large flat one off the shelf and opened to a large, detailed chart to show him outright instead of waiting until they got home like with everything else, and Harry realized this was his first lesson unofficially.

“It’s called a periodic table. It’s basically everything muggles know about the world around us: every material that exists on earth, separated into columns and rows depending on what they do. See, over here are gases and over here are metals and so forth…” Remus trailed his fingers over the data and seeing Harry’s expression just smiled and knelt in the aisle too so the second-year could lean into his shoulder absently with his eyes glued to it.

And indeed, Harry was welded right to it immediately, enraptured, and everything Nick had told him about questioning materials and probes like ‘what’s the different between a rock and a cotton ball’ echoing forebodingly in his mind.

“Wait, those are all gases? I mean I guess I knew about oxygen but all these are…”

“To start at the very basics, then there are three types of matter—or materials as Alchemy puts it. Solids, liquids, and gasses… and yes all of these over here are gases. This one, is oxygen.” Remus pointed to the right side of the table and Harry felt his eyes widen. “This table is actually very clever in how it’s organized. Oxygen burns right?” Harry nodded immediately. “Well all the gases around it also burn… but every gas in this column is actually stable, so they don’t burn. They’re called ‘noble’ gases. This table is colored pretty well so you can see how it’s organized, as each color indicates that material does something different.”

“But how do they know that? Did they test them all?”

“Actually, yes, over a long period of time that is. How the creator of this table made it though is a very interesting story too, but it’ll take a while to explain: it has to do with these little numbers above and below each letter. He actually discovered a rule about materials that meant he knew this table would work, even if in his time he only knew some of them. Future generations of muggles did the experiments to discover everything else to fill the rest out properly. He was pretty ahead of his time as he was able to create this table in a time before muggles fully understood what these numbers were, so when they did discover them and went to update the table, they discovered it was all perfectly in order already.”

“Wicked… what was the rule!?”

Remus just patted him on the back reassuringly. “You’ll need a lot of background into some science basics before we get to that. As a sneak peak they’re called ‘atomic numbers’ but that will mean nothing to you until you learn about atoms and such. Let’s head back and maybe after dinner were can start from the beginning, that might be easier.”

“Can’t we start now?” Harry complained, unable to be that upset though with the promise of getting into this so close. He had half expected Remus to say he should wait until he was older, so the fact it was just until after dinner was a major win.

The werewolf just stood and took the books back, carrying them for him since Harry still hadn’t let go of his first one.

“How about food first? I suspect we’ll be at it a while and you’ll want some fuel in you to learn it properly.”

000

“So what’s-his-face didn’t even know about electrons when he did this? That’s wild.” Harry bluntly announced, absently blowing on the ink in his journal to dry the writing faster, kicking his legs distractedly as he sat at Remus’ tiny kitchen table. “Also wait a second, if living stuff is made up of carbon and glass is one silicon and two oxygen, does that mean the Transfiguration spell of turning a bird into a pair of glasses is just transfiguring carbon down one row and stealing oxygen from the air then?”

Moony stared at him, the book in front of him forgotten for a moment.

“… to be completely honest, I have no idea. I’ve never attempted to apply muggle principles to magic before, much less dissect a spell enough to be able to know what would apply and what wouldn’t.” He admitted. “Also his name is Dmitri Mendeleev… I can see you care a lot less about the history or names associated with the topic then.”

“Eh,” Harry drawled, instantly less interested. “I suck at names and dates… the idea of elements is so cool though! It definitely relates to Transfiguration somehow but I’m now sure just how yet!”

“I’ve read your paper… I would venture to guess you’re going to make some very important discoveries someday.” The werewolf allowed, seeming restrained as he said it but… also proud, if that made sense.

Harry wasn’t sure what to do with that so he deflected as always, dropping his quill to perk up curiously.

“You’re a lot more chill that Professor McGonagall was about me learning ahead, you know. Didn’t you say this was a topic for older students?”

“She has every right to be concerned: learning ahead in magic is a risk to your magical core so it’s not about what you can mentally handle, it’s about your body which is still growing,” Remus instantly backed the Transfiguration teacher up, but then his eyes softened some. “Before I explain though, can I ask…? I had gathered from our letters but seeing it myself… you really like Transfiguration, don’t you?”

Harry couldn’t help but smile. They had talked about it over letters but somehow it was different… he found himself repeating written conversations out loud with Remus often just because it felt different to say it in person. It felt different now that he felt like he knew Remus more too, less like a diary entry across paper and more like he was being heard which he could never get enough of.

“I do! At first it was because of Draco and McGonagall but then it started coming easy to me and now it’s more like a hobby than a school topic.”

“I’m more impressed you can still think topics like Transfiguration and chemistry as a hobby,” Moony admitted, kind of jokingly perturbed.

“Do people not like chemistry?” Harry wondered, having picked up from his attitudes that he was probably pretty unique in being so enthusiastic about all of this.

“Most times it’s considered one of the hardest branches of muggle science, particularly when learning it in grade school.” Remus admitted, but it had Harry scratching his brain some. It made sense to him at least and it in no way felt difficult like Potions or History were to him. “I suppose physics is a top contender though too, though I’m no expert in either of them...” The werewolf continued, that last part mainly musing to himself it seemed.

“Well it makes sense to me is all… I really like this table, it explains so much.” He pulled the book with the muggle table closer once more, intent to devour it all as soon as he could.

Remus didn’t seem to be against this plan by the fond smile he had on. “How did it start because of Draco and McGonagall then?”

“Well… I liked McGonagall right away because she was really uptight and I wanted to get on her good side, so I studied hard when I first got to Hogwarts so she’d think I was a good student. Then she really helped me with it too—she talks like you do, like I’m a peer and not just a kid.”

Moony blinked, visibly touched for a moment before just smiling. “She always was very good at that, yes.”

“And for Draco… well, one of the first things I learned about the wizarding world is that being specialized is way more useful than being good at everything, and since I needed Slytherin house to like me so they’d stop picking on Draco for being friends with me, I needed to have something special about me that they’d want to use.”

“Really?”

“Slytherins like trading,” He flashed a megawatt grin to deflect his ‘innocence’ on the topic. “If I’m useful then they can’t ignore me or get on my bad side by picking on my friends.”

“So you said…”

“Now that I’ve got a good reputation of being really good at Transfiguration, people are willing to trade a lot for my class notes on the subject. Slytherins in particular—I even got an upper year to trade with me for my notes! Don’t tell anyone I said that though, they traded extra so no one would know.”

“That truly is impressive.” He chuckled along.

“And it totally worked too, might I add! I outsmarted a third-year Slytherin last year using Transfiguration, and Slytherin house is really dependent on hierarchy and stuff, so a younger year confronting or tricking an older year is pretty unheard of. They thought it was so impressive they’ve really backed off Draco this year, since they treat me like I’m a snake too now and you have to be careful with snakes instead of ‘dumb lions’ as they say.” Harry couldn’t stop grinning as he boasted, thrilled that Moony seemed suitably impressed as he mulled that over.

“They treat you as one of their own… which is amazing in and of itself. I never imagined the house rivalries would ever get to the point where someone would be able to overcome it, or perhaps it just to your credit you’ve managed it anyway.”

Harry puffed up with pride, tossing his hair over his shoulder once for effect.

“It wasn’t easy,” he had to admit for a second. “But me being acknowledged as the best at Transfiguration has helped me a get a good reputation with them which makes making friends easier than it once was. I told you about Theo right?”

“You did. I’m glad you’ve cracked his shell some, it sounds like he needed it.”

“I’m not completely sure about that but I really do like talking to him. Aside from Neville whose still pretty nervous all the time, I don’t think I know anyone as smart and calm as he is.”

“It sounds like the topic has opened a lot of paths for you, including connections to other people. And isn’t not just for a grade or for your friends at this point now, you truly enjoy it?”

“Yes!” Harry could confidently say that, even if there were a lot of things his confidence was faked on… this one was as true as it’d ever been.

Remus took all this in calmly himself, before seeming to decide something for himself. “To go back to your original question of why I think it okay to learn something like this then, it’s directly because of that interest. Not just because you want to know it—I’m happy to help you with any topic, but some things I will say you should wait until your older. Transfiguration though… you clearly have a strong talent in it, and perhaps because it’s so easy for you, I think you need to be pushed.”

“Pushed?” Harry settled some of his excitement, sensing this was a little more serious a topic. Moony reassured him with a pat of the hands still on the book in front of him.

“You’re a gifted child, Harry. Not just with magic, but in intelligence.”

He… wasn’t sure what to make of that.

“I’m not as smart as someone like Hermione… or Draco in potions even. I told you about my History grade, right?”

Remus just snorted. “Don’t try to deflect, I’m not talking about your grades. Did you care about your Transfiguration grade when you wrote a paper that breaks ground on a thousand-year-old subject?”

Harry pressed his lips into a line, realizing he’d been caught. “Ah… no?”

“In a lot of ways that’s what true intelligence is… not being able to regurgitate information but being able to use information the right way, to do whatever it is you’re really after.” Remus walked him through it oh-so patiently, a small, rather bittersweet smile on his lips for some reason. “It’s not just Transfiguration, which you seem to have a prodigious talent in, but everything else… how you talk, how you view the world. Your life goals, your ability to read and understand people, to plan ahead and fight only certain battles you think worth the energy. You have a very solid grasp of yourself, of the people around you, and even of the world itself which, if you didn’t realize it, is far beyond your years. There are seventh years who don’t have the maturity you do sometimes Harry, I hope you realize that. Talking to you, honestly if not for your height I would say you’re years older.”

“Oi, I’m not that short!” He huffed, rolling his eyes as the werewolf teased him playfully to break the serious tone he’d set.

“Ignoring that lie, what I’m saying is that you don’t have to be a prodigy in every subject they teach in school to be gifted; you don’t even need top scores. I’ve tutored several children who were insanely intelligent and clearly gifted, yet they had failing grades—hence why their parents hired me as a tutor in the first place. It’s just that they were not pushed or appropriately challenged by the normal coursework and so eventually just lost interest completely. Their grades suffered because of their apathy, not because they couldn’t do it.”

Harry sat up a little more, realizing where he was going with this.

“You don’t want me to get bored?” He frowned.

“Not all schoolwork is interesting, some is boring and there’s no way around that. But in Transfiguration you have a strong passion still, and I don’t want you to hit a wall and end up uninterested when there’s nothing else to satisfy your curiosity. Particularly since you can’t learn too far ahead with magical topics or you’ll end up risking your core.” Moony tapped the book between them once more. “Honestly, if you truly think there’s a link between Transfiguration and Chemistry that might be the greatest news so far, since Chemistry is a deep topic that will take you quite some time to learn. It may be a bit advanced for your age but… considering you still want to learn it, I don’t see a reason to stop you if it can help you continue to be interested in schoolwork for longer.”

He considered that for a moment, seeing the logic some but…

“I mean, I think this is interesting but it’s not going to help me find an interest in things like History or Charms,” He pointed out doubtfully.

“No, but you don’t need to excel in every subject, just pass them. You want to learn Transfiguration and Chemistry, therefore you’re going to be reading a lot, and doing even more maths and research to support it. Reading, arithmetic—studying and the act of learning in general… if you do it because you want to in one topic, you’re still exercising those skills. Then eventually when you’re forced to read a history book or work out a Charms spell, it won’t be as fun but you’ll be very practiced in reading and learning skills, which will make it all the easier to at least pass the next Charms test even if you won’t be getting an ‘O’s on it or publishing papers on the topic.”

“I guess that makes some sense,” He allowed, still not thrilled at the reminder of how much studying he had left to do in the next five and a half years at Hogwarts. Practice learning new things on something interesting, then when it came time to do it on something uninteresting he could still manage it well enough. It wasn’t bad logic even if it sounded so un-fun right now.

“You look so concerned… what’s wrong?” Remus poked fun at him gently, and he rolled his eyes.

“I just don’t think it’s that serious. Maybe I’m good in Transfiguration but honestly it seems like a fluke… I never had to do anything to be good at it, but there are a ton of things I’ve put a lot of effort into that I failed terribly at.”

“Harry, it’s called a talent.” The man reminded him gently, leaning over to put a hand on his head to physically stop him from shaking it in annoyance at the sarcastic remark. “Do you think it’s fluke you’re good at quidditch? Or that it’s easy for you to talk to people? Maybe you’re not passing Herbology with flying colors but your scores are decent without much more than paying attention in class, right?”

“That’s mainly because of Neville,” He mumbled grumpily.

“And quidditch?” He challenged right back.

“I mean, isn’t it because of my dad? He was good at quidditch too, right?” He tossed out without thinking, but even if maybe for a split second he regretted bringing it up, Remus didn’t even hesitate.

“You are not James Potter, Harry. Even being her clone you’re not Lily Evans either. You weren’t gifted their abilities when they died, you were gifted some similar habits because they are your parents and you have their blood—what you do with them and think of things is all up to you. People might tell you your father was good at quidditch and Transfiguration, but he certainly wasn’t the youngest seeker in a century and his academic talent was not nearly what yours is. He was also probably a gifted student who was never pushed because let me remind you, I used to study with him… the amount of essays I saw him fudge drove me insane but the teachers loved him so he always got good marks.”

“Really…?” He blinked, taking that in slowly. “…I can’t imagine Professor McGonagall doing that for him though, even if she liked him.”

Remus chuckled, “Well, he was pretty good at Transfiguration, so no favoritism necessary there. Not on your level, but it was definitely his best subject too.” When he couldn’t really respond to that, Moony patted him gently on the head again to get his attention. “It’s not like you to be so self-depreciating. Having a talent in a subject was a good thing ten minutes ago when you were talking about how it helped you get close to Draco, right?”

“Yeah, but it’s different.” Was all he could defend himself with, a bit worried Remus would then ask how it was different… which was something he wasn’t even sure of himself to be able to explain. Luckily, he didn’t.

Instead, he seemed to just sit back in his chair and accept it with a slightly sad smile.

Before, that is, he suddenly stood with intention.

“Alright, I think that should be enough studying for one night. Go get your jacket and boots on,”

“What?” Harry did a wild doubletake at that switch up, automatically looking out the living room window behind them, revealing what he already knew in that it was pitch black outside. “It’s night though…?”

He pointed it out like this was somehow news to Remus, who seemed not to care. It was just, as per their new routine he was half sure they were about to get into the nightly negotiation at turning in for bed. It was still an hour earlier than their normal time but it was all hours earlier than Harry himself would’ve chosen to go to bed.

Moony seemed to be going rogue though and just shrugged with a mischievous glint in his eye.

“We’re not going far, just out to enjoy the air some. I think it started snowing while we were talking.”

“Did it?” He hopped up to walk to the window… but it was impossible to see out of right now, the night turning it into a black mirror rather than an actual window. “How the heck can you tell?”

“I can hear it falling.” He said simply, in the kitchen and Harry realizing he had their travel mugs out and what looked like hot chocolate getting spoon into them—the kettle being magically summoned and already whistling from boiling water within thanks to a distracted wave of his wand. So they were really actually going somewhere, which only served to confused him even more.

“Hear it… the hell?” He frowned.

He supposed he could probably call to memory the sound of snowflakes hitting and already fallen blanket of snow, but that was usually in the dead quiet while walking through the storm itself—not inside with the fire crackling and them talking and quills scratching and all that.

“Come on, it’ll be fun. Bundle up,” Remus called again, and Harry tilted head as reflection in window but then gave up to dart back to door to grab his boots.

“It’s so dark though,” he pointed out, still confused but Remus just smiled down at him as he came over to pull his own cloak on.

“I can use magic and Lumos is quite effective, don’t worry. I didn’t think you were scared of the dark,” Came the tease that Harry could not let lying down if he tried—forcibly finishing the ties on his boots pointedly.

“I’m not, it’s just the middle of the night in a forest is all. Not going into the forest at night is a big rule at Hogwarts, remember?” He ruthlessly teased back, implying he was too much of an ‘old man’ to remember his school-day rules.

Harry had no idea what it meant when Remus just gave him the dryest look had ever seen on the man’s face before.

“I am very aware, yes.” No idea what that tone meant, and it didn’t sound like he’d get an explanation either. “Luckily there is no such rule here and it’ll be fun, you’ll see. There’s nothing to be wary of in this forest but some local wildlife after all… and a werewolf or so, if you’re afraid of such rumors.”

Harry almost flat out dropped the gloves he was trying to put on to gape up at the man, the sheer audacity he had to suddenly joke like that out of nowhere after tip-toeing around it this entire time.

Golden eyes just stared down at him challengingly as if daring him to try it… and yeah, once a Marauder, always a Marauder he guessed. Took him long enough to warm up apparently.

“… I’m not sure if I should laugh or punch you,” He admitted, half aghast—and Remus had the gall to let out a loud bark of laughter at his expense.

“You father would’ve laughed but your mother would’ve hit me. You come by it honestly it seems,” He grinned, slipping a hat over his red head to prevent further retaliation—which he obviously knew was coming. “Off we go then! Hold this, it’ll keep your hands warm.” He placed one of the ready mugs into his gloved hands and then shuffled him right out the door without much more fanfare.

Harry got hit full in the face with a blast of arctic wind… it had definitely started snowing after all as it pelted him in the face for a moment, before they were outside and the door shut behind them. Once there the air change relaxed again until the snow fell more reasonably from above to land on their heads instead of into their faces.

Remus shuffled them forward, it seemed to Harry blindly because it was dark as shit out here. The little house was the only source of light for kilometers in any direction, even stars and moon above blacked out by snow clouds pressing down yet invisible above them. He had no idea it’d started snowing much less so hard, as it had already piled up to near his knees, and he was thankful once again for Remus’ talent in runes and the fact he’d put warming ones on his boots to keep the warm in and the snow out.

True to his earlier words he did cast a Lumos once they were out into the forest a couple dozen meters, Remus’ hands on his shoulders to keep them from being separated and a close presence guiding him into a literal unknown. Even after casting the Lumos though to give them some bearing of their surroundings, and despite being the only source of light, the little orb he conjured struggled against the pervasive darkness of a forest at night, much less the active snow storm happening.

As his eyes adjusted to the new light though, Harry found himself kind of entranced.

It felt like they’d entered an entirely new world compared to the reality of the little kitchen they’d just been standing in. The orb cast a bubble of light that didn’t make it that far, snowflakes coming into their perimeter from seemingly nothingness and either falling to the ground or whipping right back out into the unknown darkness on the other side too fast to keep track of. The entire world was cast into a monochrome light too, the Lumos being a subtle blue, but the darkness and pure white snow making even the trees and leaves and branches around them seem very black-and-white.

Not only did it feel like another world, it felt otherworldly too… the magical world felt unnatural to him in a lot of ways but this was purely non-magical and it still felt somehow eerie in how busy-yet-calm it felt… how insanely, unnaturally silent it was without a silencing charm… and just ethereal and beautiful.

Not really sure what he’d previously associated beauty to mean, but this hadn’t been in his lexicon before. Now though… he needed to reevaluate some things because this ranked pretty high on things that took his breath away, and it kind of took him by surprise.

Moony trudged them a little farther and brushed the layer of snow off a fallen tree, pulling him down to sit beside him on it. It was cold, and Remus purposefully placed him on the edge of his cloak to prevent him sitting on a wet branch, and bundled up leaning into the werewolf and clutching his hot chocolate, the weather wasn’t bad at all actually. It was actually surprisingly comfortable so he could just sit and absorb the strange environment they’d journeyed into.

“Okay… this is pretty cool,” He admitted, looking up to where he knew the trees were but only being able to see the orb of light illuminate a couple lower branches at best before the darkness above bore down on them once more. He blinked away the snowflakes that landed on his cheeks as he did so. “Do you do this a lot?”

“I like being in a forest, given the chance. It’s rare you can sit an enjoy it in the winter, though I thought you’d like it since we’ve been blessed with a white Christmas it seems.”

Harry couldn’t tear his eyes away from the world around them… it didn’t seem to be getting less interesting somehow, and he hoped he could commit every single thing to memory forever.

“I do… it’s nice.” He admitted. “We got snow at Hogwarts last year but… that’s a magical-castle-weather thing again, isn’t it?”

Remus chuckled. “Probably… we haven’t had a white Christmas in this area in several years though. We’re lucky this year.”

Harry smiled.

It’s weird to think that was… true, somehow. He had been lucky.

Weird.

“We still have several days to Christmas, it better not melt on us.”

“Don’t worry, projections say it’ll only get colder the next couple days, and this far from the city it’ll only build up rather than melt away. We should be safe.”

“Good,” he decided, burrowing deeper into his own jacket and Remus’ cloak to get comfy, intent on enjoying this for all it was worth and into Christmas as well. He liked it.

They talked quietly for a bit, somehow not wanting to raise their voices and disturb the existing quiet even if that was impossible with the way the snow seemed to steal even the sound of the wind around them into a muffled background hum. Suddenly though, Moony shushed him and put a hand on his head to get him to be still, and he automatically froze obediently.

They didn’t move an muscle for what felt like forever though it was only a couple minutes… before he saw them.

There was a herd of deer in the snow.

They seemed to just… emerge from the darkness, dark themselves in the poor light, and picking through the muted blanket beneath them with delicate, precise steps of careful hooves. They were as silent as the snow itself, and if Harry weren’t look right at them, he would never have known they were there. He had no idea how Moony had known they were there even, much less knew to be quiet and still to let them get comfortable with getting close.

One lifted it’s head to look at the humans sitting silently on their fallen tree as if vaguely recognizing that they shouldn’t be there… but after a long minute where they made no sound or movement, she decided they were nothing to mind and went back to nosing through the snow for any buried treats.

The group slowly picked its way through the orb to light, silent but present, except for an occasionally extremely soft sound of a hoof crunching the snow beneath it as one occasionally took a cautious, calculated step forward. They passed by, careless of their audience and moving along without a hassle or concern for the weather or anything else but their casual journey.

Harry could only watch, unable to tear his eyes away and for once his mind just as quiet as the scene in front of him.

Even after they’d disappeared back into the darkness and the quiet crunching of snow beneath hooves had disappeared, and long after they had to have been out of hearing range, and they finally moved a little more than dead-still… they didn’t really talk and disrupt the quiet again.

Harry just settled in and finished his hot chocolate, kind of really enjoying sitting in a dark, snowy forest with a werewolf all of a sudden.

000

Harry normally loved shopping. It represented some semblance of freedom for him, since he had the money to buy whatever he wanted and the audacity to do just that… and every other instance of going shopping historically had been a moment he’d broken free from some supervision, whether welcome or not. He also really liked his clothes and getting new stuff, the thrill never getting old since he’d spent a large chunk of his life penny-pinching literal coins at a time to be able to buy his once precious few belongings.

In the extremely bright light of day given the blanket of snow that had fallen on them last night made looking out the window positively blinding now that the sun was directly above them and reflecting off the world of white outside, Harry found his normal enthusiasm dying.

That feeling he’d gotten in the muggle shop had come back full force and honestly… he didn’t want to go out today.

Mainly because his muggle shopping was done, all that was left was the things he still needed from the wizarding world, which meant a trip to Diagon Alley.

But he couldn’t go with Remus to Diagon.

Sitting in what he considered now ‘his’ seat in Remus’ tiny kitchen, he found the once colorful alley losing absolutely all the appeal it’d once had to him.

It was cold and snowy outside, but warm and filled with the scent of cooking onions and spices from where Remus was cooking lunch for them at the stove. With his Hogwarts work entirely finished they’d gotten through the first chapter in the Chemistry textbook this morning and made muffins with chocolate chips in them for breakfast. They’d shoveled off the deep layer of snow blocking their rough pathway back to the road, then ended up building snow-creatures of all questionable sizes and likeness until their tiny muggle cabin had a verified zoo of magical snow-creatures outside.

It'd been a busy morning, and now safe inside, hair dried and skin warmed up once more, appetizer of hot chocolate drunk and settling in for lunch, frankly Harry was kind of dragging his feet in actually going through with their planned trip this afternoon. For the first time he was thrilled that Remus insisted on only taking a small trips instead of wasting their holiday buried in shops, since there was a precedent here that he could probably speed-run this Diagon journey in one or two hours tops to get back home in no time.

Which is why he was leaving the meal cooking to Moony so he could focus up and finish this shopping list of his to know exactly what he needed to get so he could get in and get out at each shop with all haste.

He had almost everyone figured out thanks to the muggle shops they’d gone to. He was a rich child so despite tons of friends he managed to get everyone relatively nice things, although those he was only on friendly terms with, not friends exactly, were definitely more generic.

Nearly the entire football club was getting their own personal footballs he’d picked up from a muggle sporting goods store. Even Ron, mainly to keep the peace so it didn’t look like he was specifically excluding him, but it was for sure the most boring one he could find. And while he wasn’t a snake so he wouldn’t get the whole gift-giving-language thing and no other lion would likely catch it either, it also kind of back handed as Ron hadn’t actually been to the football club at all this year. Frankly Harry didn’t miss him, but he was still ‘one of the Gryffindors’ so he had to give him something and the ball was like it was an olive branch of ‘hey come back to the club’ despite the fact he knew it would just piss Ron off even more. Was for sure not going to actually get him back to the club but at least the effort would make him look good in his own house for once.

For people like Hannah and Susan he’d managed to get actually decent women’s cleats instead of boring black or white ones: most people were still in sneakers after all, but as everyone was getting more and more into the sport, and given the gear to play it properly is muggle, getting your hands on it at Hogwarts was relatively hard for purebloods. Dean, as one of the biggest players of the club and notable muggleborn himself, had somehow gotten pairs for himself, Seamus, and Lu already, and while he shouldn’t be surprised he was still kind of impressed when Daphne had appeared with her own pair too.

That’s kind of what inspired him for the girls’ gifts in the first place, because he’d seen the green eyes of envy on Hannah’s face at Daphne’s new dark purple and slightly sparkly athletic shoes that very obviously helped running on grass a lot.

Just to be sure as well, he’d also practiced and now knew even if they didn’t fit (since he was only guessing at their shoe sizes,) if he got them slightly larger he would be able to transfigure them when he got back to actually fit their feet, which he considered very brilliant on his part.

So that’s the club in general, Susan, and Hannah checked off…

He mentally checked things off, double checking the list and crossing out those who already had gifts he just needed to wrap still.

On top of a new custom ball, Lu was also getting shin and knee pads because he seemed to limp everywhere these days from practicing with Susan.

Dean and Seamus, for being the saints they were in running interference with Ron, were getting brooms of their own officially. Dean was for sure more interested in football, but Seamus was still a diehard quidditch fan even if he didn’t make the team, and the two of them fully shared each other’s’ enthusiasm for their respective passions by adopting it themselves. The times Seamus and Harry had tried to teach Dean during some pick-up games on the school brooms though, they’d ended up in very in-depth discussion on the best broom models where he learned Seamus had some very strong opinions on the topic. Since he’d known exactly what to get from those discussions (a respectable, modern Comet series since Seamus called him a lunatic when he’d tried to offer Dean his Nimbus to practice on—claiming that was like handing someone learning to drive a Ferrari), he’d actually already put the order in by owl, to be delivered Christmas day so he didn’t need to stop there himself in person thankfully.

He was slightly nervous gifts that large would be a bit too far but… he owed them a lot for their efforts this year, and if McGonagall could get him the Ferrari of brooms as a teacher and somehow not get called biased (she was) then he could get away with spoiling some of his closest friends, thank you.

Besides, it was also sort of self-serving as now they’d have no excuse not to play pick-up games with him, and Seamus would no longer be able to claim his inability to aim correctly was because the ancient school brooms were drifting on him or whatever.

Neville… angel that he was, got high end goalie gloves and cleats as well obviously, dark red in color. That was literally the bare minimum though since he didn’t want him to be excluded as the rest of their friends got new gear, given he was still pureblood so his Gran managing to ever get him muggle cleats was all but incredibly unlikely. Even if she’d tried, given how the things he normally got went, they’d be shoes from forty years ago and also somehow cursed to tangle their laces together or something else equally unlucky.

No, Harry had been planning Neville’s actual gift since Halloween pretty much, and had already written to the Flammels in amongst their normal correspondence weeks ago. Ms. Penny had mentioned she was a gardener in her own right, not seriously but certainly continuously, so his hunch was correct that she’d been able to putter around her garden a bit and find some seeds that they were pretty sure were technically extinct. Since her garden was hundreds of years old by now but still well-maintained, she’d been pleasantly surprised (if not a bit saddened) to realize that some of her plants were so old in fact that many of their wild relatives had died out at some point.

She’d been happy to send some seeds as well as a potted seedling of what was apparently a very unique bush (in some kind of magical jar to keep it alive thank god, since Harry knew it would die before it got to Neville if he’d been in charge of more than just its delivery), and even a set of handwritten notes on how to care for it which were at least two hundred years old going by the state of the parchment.

There was no way he’d actually be able to repay Neville for everything the blond had done… every chance he got he already showered him clothes and sweets and anything he could think of, but his quiet friend didn’t really care about material things in that way. Slytherins, who had enough money that ‘having things’ was not the reason they gave gifts at all, still enjoyed the politics and messages behind the act of giving a gift, but someone like Neville… Harry could gift him the Potter family vault key OR a pile of literal cow dung and he probably would respond with that same quiet little ‘thank you’ he always did.

Susan’s words about not being able to play life like a game of scales dug heavily into his shoulders when thinking about giving Neville things because the guy seemed to personify that problem Harry had pretty well. There literally was no material thing he could gift his meek Gryffindor friend that would ‘make up’ for anything, because to Neville none of it actually mattered like that. All he wanted back was for Harry to be a friend and since he knew he was a terrible friend on many levels that was going to be a life-long struggle he’d need to work on.

For Christmas though, the plant would have to be enough for now.

For the Flammels themselves, since they had pretty much everything mortal-possession-wise and Mr. Nick being an alchemist meaning what they didn’t have they could literally just make, he’d settled on a show of skill since that was what most of their relationship was built off of. Before he’d left Hogwarts he’d spent a rather long time carefully transfiguring beetles into matching broaches for them—leaving the wings on as that seemed to be becoming his signature thing and he thought the little trick would be an entertaining way to display the principle of the paper they were helping him write. It was his first real attempt at designing something to wear—clothes or accessories—but he really enjoyed the process at least and hoped they liked them.

Speaking of designing stuff though, his second attempt at making jewelry was for Luna, in which he repeated the trick except turning beetles into what he thought whackspurts looked like going off of the description she’d given him. No idea if he was anywhere close, but the contraptions would now float around her on beetle wings, maybe landing on her hair or cling to her ears as earrings if they wanted to. Really he’d let the beetles keep some autonomy so they could orbit, but as he had no idea exactly what was doing he really wasn’t sure how they’d act long-term… he was pretty sure Luna would like them though, no matter how weird or crazy they were or became.

His non-Slytherin first years he’d all gotten nice sets of journals and wand-holders for up their sleeves, figuring since he was taking on a mentor-like role he needed to set them up for success, and the little Gryffindor boys in particular needed a reminder to focus on their studies and keep on top of their dueling lessons too. He did add a chunk of candy and some crazy colored inks to test writing notes out in for a flare of fun though.

And speaking of candy, he’d put in large orders with Honeydukes for all the Hogwarts professors barring Hooch and Binns, since one was a soulless waste and the other was Binns, a ghost who couldn’t eat candy. He figured he was already a suck up to most of them and McGonagall was going to get a metric ton of coffee caramels from him regardless, so if he didn’t play it like it was so obvious he had favorites, the better. He even sent Dumbledore exactly one box of Bertie’s just to keep up appearances that he was still a good little Gryffindor who didn’t hate his headmaster’s guts to the pits of hell, but it was for the obligation and deflection only.

He even sent some of the licorice that Draco swore his godfather liked to Snape—that one was purely to fuck with him though as he couldn’t help but grin to imagine the look of disgust on the potion master’s face when he got it.

More candy and half a ton of knitting yarn for Hagrid, books and some muggle science kits he picked up in town earlier for Hermione, a nice cashmere scarf and a flower delivery for Mrs. Weasley since he knew he was about to get a sweater, a couple other things he’d picked up here and there in his shopping so far…

All of that had been rather reasonable to sort out before he even left Hogwarts, and then either pick up during their trips into the muggle village down the way or at least send Hedwig off to put orders in for magical shops he knew took those orders. He didn’t need to hand-pick out every journal and magical ink color as he knew what he wanted and could easily put in an order for red ink and matching Gryffindor-styled journals for first years to Flourish and Blotts, and the clerks there would know exactly how to execute that order.

The only people he had not figured out just yet, were the Slytherins, and the twins.

He had been thinking about it though—a lot in fact—it’s just that he needed to actually put the final details on some stuff before he could call it good. The twins had been very hard for him for some reason, as he wanted to match their energy and creativity if he could, he just… well, who could match the twins? They might joke and call him their triplet but he was, in fact, not half as devious or creative as they could be sometimes which was frankly impressive.

In the end, he’d decided to go for something more business-than-fun, which seemed counterintuitive when dealing with notorious goof-offs, but Harry knew the twins were far more serious than they ever let anyone see. Just because they were dedicating their wits and energy to pulling pranks, didn’t mean they weren’t brilliant—they were fourth years but easily doing magic not even taught at Hogwarts to be able to create the “joke” products they were experimenting with. They were doing it all for the laughs in the end but they were doing it—such as inventing, documenting, selling, and planning to start a very real, physical business one day.

Harry knew they already had a line of joke candies they wanted to start dealing out at school. They’d told him about it as a confidant since they were in on his secret business stuff and were willing to share back in order to get a Slytherin-ish take sometimes. They’d already brainstormed a few things even, and Harry knew it was likely he was about to get some of the most recent ones with the updates they talked about as a Christmas gift ‘surprise’.

That being said, one thing he had noticed was their whole ‘Weasley Wizard’s Wheezes’, as they’d recently dubbed it, had a bit of a marketing issue. Not a big one as all wizard products if you walked down Diagon Alley had the same vibe: loud, garish, wonderful, crazy, circus-like colors, normally dark jewel in tone or frighteningly pastel if to be marketed for girls or something. Everyone doing that up and down Diagon is what Harry had fallen in love with when he’d seen it for the first time, since he’d been coming into it from a world of worn-down suburban white and meaningless, hand-me-down grey.

A year and a half ago, it meant even his unnaturally blood-colored hair hadn’t stood out at all in the chaos of his entrance to the wizarding world.

From a business perspective though, it meant no color you picked would ever stand out at all, even if they did manage to get a physical shop location in Diagon, and while for an individual to blend in it was nice, a business needed to be able to catch window-shopper’s eyes into stopping at least a moment— in hopes of that eventually turning into people coming inside as well. It was just that it felt like every color you could imagine was already taken! You couldn’t even coat your store front in pure silver or gold to stand since those materials were so common in the magical world somehow it would still be pretty normal comparatively. Gringotts was the closest to standing out as its huge, white marble presence at the end of the alley stood out sharply—but that wasn’t a business and building something to look like what wizards associated with their bank was not a good decision. Also, for some reason all-white buildings had a distinctively muggle feel, and everything in the “evil” Knockturn Alley was black and dark grey, so going black or white to try and stick out amongst all the other colors would also scare off all the magical customers.

Fred and George had already been giving a few things out, including to Harry, and he’d noticed the deep purple and orange scheme they were trending towards. They weren’t stupid—he knew their favorite colors were orange and pink but this deep wizardry-jewel tone choice for their packaging was probably a conscious decision on their part specifically to blend in with the already existing products commercially available, to seem more ‘adult’ and legitimate since they were just teenagers trying to start something serious.

In Harry’s opinion though, blending in was the last thing they needed. The products would sell themselves because they were good products, but being unable to tell a Wheezes product from a Honeyduke’s or Zonko’s if he held all three in his hand felt like a bad business decision. Maybe short term it would work, to grab onto Honeyduke’s and Zonko’s already established reputations in a small way, but long term they’d be just another candy or joke shop to choose from.

Which meant they needed something unique amongst their competitors, and Harry wanted to get that for them somehow.

It had taken him a long while to brainstorm what color scheme to go with since everything had already been taken, something that toed the line between magical and muggle to appeal to both markets, and also being somewhere between full garish Gryffindor and something so refined only a snobby pureblood would buy it since they had mentioned they would like to breech the Slytherin market if they could, they just hadn’t made much progress on that front yet. Harry had been thinking about it for weeks, but it wasn’t until he’d spent this past week walking around muggle shops and actively taking notes on different styles out there that he finally settled on one he thought would be perfect.

He'd taken it from one muggle clothing designer but it wasn’t like anyone owned the color combination—in fact a good chunk of the world’s countries already used it, including their own.

How he intended to use it though was careful, the deep navy the main color with very tasteful accents of gold, white, and red here and there for something a lot more subtle than wizards normally went with. Also having a dominant color at all, not equal parts of two insanely bright colors (which he personally liked, don’t get him wrong) was a little more sophisticated while not being boring like the fact Draco’s ‘in style’ robes according to purebloods were flat black yet-again this season. The dominant color being a neutral would probably attract people who liked things a little less wild, while having the pops of brighter colors, if done right, would still be playful enough when needed.

His gift to the twins then, was a several-foot parchment role where he’d written his essay on why this was a good business decision and how best to use it, as well as his intention to get some sample packaging from a shop in Contrair he thought could do that for them. He’d already talked to the shop keep there over the summer, the ‘Odd Solution’ she sold actually being what equated to a muggle hobby shop with a plethora of papers and glitters and more for decorating or whatever crafty project someone wanted to take up—it was actually where he’d ordered Hagrid’s yarn from already since he knew she could do whatever color he specified. Likewise he knew she could dye paper or buttons or whatever crafts she sold any color he requested at all, but he didn’t know if she’d be willing to branch out some and sell stiff paper made into boxes or tissue paper to fill those boxes with to cushion Wheezes’ products, and so forth. Every shop keep in Contrair had that creative flair to sell whatever they wanted if it so fit their interests and abilities, so he hoped if he could talk to her in person and pose this idea, she might be able to put something together and then maybe be willing to work with the twins directly to get them their packaging if they liked the idea. Even if they didn’t like his color scheme proposal they could still then be able to work with her to get packaging for the colors they did want to move forward with.

So the plan was in place, but that was at least one in-person conversation he needed to have in the Alleys.

Not to mention, Slytherin was a whole other monster.

As always, gift-giving in the snake house was a full contact sport and he felt like maybe he’d just lucked out or they dismissed him as a stupid Gryffindor if his gifts had been off last year. However this time there would be no excusing it if he messed it up: they treated him like a snake so he had to show up like a snake and if he were to be a ‘stupid Gryffindor’ this time, then there would actually be love lost between them.

At the very least he had to put in some serious effort to nailing this down, but it caused some serious dilemmas. His only consolation was that at the very least he knew Draco would love whatever he got him… his parents though, who’d be there with him on Christmas morning to see the gift, would definitely be judging him harshly so it still had to be absolutely without fault since they were already very hassled by the fact Draco was friends with him at all. He could not fumble this and the pressure was really on.

Luckily after over a year of taking notes since last Christmas, he thought he had a good understanding of the politics of it all even if he knew he’d need to brush up on the specifics of the gift-giving-language they all grew up knowing before next Christmas.

Slytherins, as a rule, didn’t really celebrate birthdays with gifts. Special events or milestones seemed to be fair game, but birthday gifts weren’t really the norm in pureblood culture. Reciprocating a birthday gift would unlock a whole can of worms and one-up-ing that might not ever end, so they typically didn’t start—they typically didn’t publicly announce their birthdays at all like it was some closely guarded secret.

In fact, he was pretty sure Slytherins just flat out didn’t celebrate birthdays. He’d been obviously distracted this year but other than a well wishes from Draco in their journal he hadn’t gotten anything from him or any other snake, even if he’d found letters and presents from non-snakes in the pile of mail Axeclaw had hung onto for him. He’d also wished Draco a happy day on his birthday back in June and got a ‘thank you’ back before his friend had gone on to tell him about the flying practice he was doing that day. Draco, as a rule, was the most spoiled person Harry knew, so the sheer fact his parents hadn’t even put up a special dinner or taken a trip somewhere to celebrate their precious son’s birth meant that birthdays were not a thing to Slytherins. If the elder Malfoy’s had any excuse at all to spoil their only child, they absolutely would’ve, so the idea of celebrating a birthday must’ve been so insanely muggle that Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy hadn’t even heard of it.

Which might be an exaggeration as they weren’t that dumb or unobservant, so it was more likely so muggle they chose not to take part in it, Harry assumed.

Yule was a serious event though.

He’d picked up that the Malfoy Yule party was a Very SeriousTM ordeal and if they weren’t having it, another pureblood family definitely was. He was sure there was some politics in the background of who got to host it and who was going to what party, and so forth, so it said a lot that the Malfoys were the hosts most years. Which, he attributed mostly to Narcissa Malfoy’s terrifying hosting abilities since he’d experienced that once himself.

The thing was, gifts always came with strings to Slytherins, so they were generally rejected or frowned upon in the normal day-to-day. What constituted a gift versus a bribe or a trade, after all? The lines were too blurred when it came to Snakes and at least they were self-aware enough to know they were too much for even themselves to handle if they went about giving gifts willy-nilly.

The exception, was Yule, where there was an expectation was very clear that what you received genuinely was just a gift in honor of the holiday and nothing more. In fact, it was so obligatory that no one escaped no matter how you felt about someone.

That was actually the only reason Theo had given him a gift last year despite clearly wanting nothing to do with him back then, despite only ever saying two full sentences to him ever at that time even! Because Harry had forcefully inserted himself into his world and sat with him throughout their first school year despite how much he openly had not liked that, there was still a connection despite him not wanting one. They were connected in each others’ social circle, so there was an expectation to give a gift. After all, if Harry had given him a gift but Theo hadn’t… that would’ve been a catastrophic look on a Slytherin that the cautious bookworm would’ve avoided at all costs.

In fact, going by Daphne’s explanations and some off-hand comments by Blaise, if someone gave you a gift and you hadn’t gotten them something in return, that was about the worst situation a Slytherin could find themselves in, socially. Literal a nightmare situation for many of them—so even if you were gentle acquaintances, even if you’d only met a couple times or done public business with them once or twice, you played the gift-giving game, or else.

Hence a journal from Theo last year. In gift-giving language that was insanely generic, almost a ‘reflect on yourself’ or ‘you should study more’ type backhanded comment. Harry had actually liked the journal but without knowing if he were an academic or not, it could be seen as a very icy, impersonal, slightly grudging ‘fine if you must have a gift here it is’ type thing—very on point for the quiet boy at the time.

Had Hermione been a Slytherin, giving her a well-made journal would’ve actually been a nice compliment—but since Harry was only really good at Transfiguration by luck, it was more of an insult to him. Not that he’d known that since he was a stupid Gryffindor, but hey. He’d even copied the attitude in a much more positive way by getting his underclassmen some journals this year, since the message from him was that he wanted them to focus on school a little more, and thankfully they weren’t close enough to any Slytherins to know journals were sometimes considered insults.

It was all very complicated, essentially. He couldn’t just get them things they needed to wanted, if he knew them then he had to get them a gift and it also had to have the right message behind it or he’d end up insulting a lot of people and damaging his reputation in their house after all the effort he’d gone through to be taken seriously.

Which all circled back to the current dilemma… of what to get the Slytherins.

He’d already explained in detail how important gift-giving was to his snake friends to Moony, but he was ranting about it again as he struggled to finish this list. Remus just finished their meal and put it on the table above his paper, joining him at the table and mulling the issue over himself.

In some ways, despite Harry’s sharp words on the topic, Remus had still been a little hesitant or uneasy whenever Harry flaunted how much wealth he had. There was an imbalance in a way, and the constant reminder he was twelve and one of the richest wizards in the wizarding world did pop up in awkward ways unfortunately. Which, James Potter had been too, so it was kind of a double standard in his opinion.

The only excuse he could think of is that his dad had been Remus’ age when he was alive so it was just a thing about his friend he’d known, but now faced with someone so much younger being the same way it threw him off sometimes. Maybe because he was now an adult looking at a kid, maybe hung up on the idea that twelve-year-olds typically didn’t know how to manage money…

For some reason though, talking about giving gifts to Slytherin seemed to cure him of that discomfort entirely. Maybe because Harry wasn’t just going for the most expensive thing he could think of needlessly, impulsively even, he was sitting here honestly trying to figure out the right gift. If it happened to cost a lot, then he had the money to get it anyway was all.

And maybe it was because Moony now knew about Harry’s Slytherin friends via their letters and had gotten an earful about all of them in person now too, but he had clearly picked up that money and status was just important to their way of life and that Harry personally respected that.

Maybe it was a combination of both and more, but whatever it was Harry was happy they’d gotten over the discomfort entirely at this point and he now had an ally to brainstorm with.

“Does Mr. Nott like tea?” He asked suddenly, and as surprised as he was Theo was the first person he had an idea for, Harry felt warm that Moony had already picked up on and was and respecting the Slytherin habit of treating people politely, going by last names until you were more familiar with them.

“I think he does… he picks at his food and Draco gives him a hard time about it, but I think he likes tea well enough.”

“I know when I’m busy with work or a book, I’m always annoyed to look up and realize my tea has gotten cold while I wasn’t paying attention. Time always flies like that, in a good story.” He chuckled. “I know you can enchant a cup or a mug to keep tea at whatever temperature you’d like it to be near indefinitely. I’m don’t know the magic but I’m sure someone in Diagon would be able to do it.” He suggested, since this was a planning session to see what Harry could get in the Alleys this afternoon.

He perked up at how excellent that idea was, already planning what shop he’d stop at in Contrair. He’d eaten there a couple times himself and knew they had self-stirring mugs so maybe they would know about the temperature enchantment too—and if they didn’t they’d at least be interested in looking into it to further their business.

“That’s brilliant! Maybe I’ll get him some fancy tea and then an enchanted mug like that. He’s very secretive about what kind of books he likes and you can’t do vouchers or gift cards to like Flourish and Blotts,” He’d ranted a bit. Draco hadn’t even known what a ‘gift card’ was and decided it was no use bringing that up to any other snake ever. It wasn’t nearly fancy enough for the pompous purebloods and he strongly suspected it’d be taken as a heavy insult by most Slytherins. It was like giving them cash, like they couldn’t afford it themselves… so yeah, huge insult.

Honestly he’d thought Theo would be one of the hardest since he’d previously been trying to aim for his bookworm tendencies before realizing he didn’t know enough to gift give in that area. A gift for something hobby-adjacent was clever though, as a nice up of tea always went well with a book. And it made him vindictively happy that a werewolf’s idea and an Odd Solution would be Theo’s gift—if he liked it, it’d be the most hilariously ironic thing to happen this year.

Also, speaking of the Contrair Alley café, directly next door to that shop was the eyeglass store, and he needed to talk to Osmias. Last they talked he’d suggested those poison-detecting glasses and wanted to see if he had them ready to be able to give to his firstie snakes as Alden in particular definitely did not know any detecting magic just yet unlike his classmates and could used the leg up.

He added that to his list of stops next to each other with a pleased hum.

“I think I know a shop in Contrair Alley that might be able to do something cool with a teacup… but I also have to stop at another store or two over there. I know you said you’d wait at the café we met at before but… what about a café there instead?” He asked as delicately as he could, because the question was also kind of code for ‘are you welcome there?’ Cause he’d already confirmed outright he would not go into Diagon with him, visible or invisible. He hadn’t said anything about Contrair though.

And Harry realized something when Remus just frowned with a tilt of his head.

“Contrair Alley?”

Harry tilted his head right back, surprised. “Eh? You haven’t been?”

He searched his brain for a moment, wondering if he’d never mentioned it in his letters before. There was a solid chance he hadn’t, as their letters were genuine correspondence, not filled with boring business stuff like where they got their potion ingredients. Over letters Remus had always purposefully steered the conversation away from shopping as the unspoken reality is that most shops didn’t serve him outright, so he had less options to bother discussing such things with.

“I’m afraid I haven’t. I haven’t even heard of it,” Moony admitted, pausing in eating his lunch for a moment to give a curious look.

It hit Harry quite suddenly how good this news actually was though and his energy shot up immediately.

“It’s run mostly by muggleborns and the like! It’s a shopping district like Diagon but since purebloods own Diagon you can’t really open shops there if you’re starting new. It’s a really fun place, I don’t know why more people don’t go!” He blurted out eagerly. “And by ‘more people’ I mean purebloods in general, as no one told me about it—if I hadn’t literally stumbled into it off of Diagon itself then I never would’ve found it but it’s a great place and has a ton of muggle stuff as well as magical stuff, and even both! Like my contacts I told you about: a vendor down there learned about contacts and glasses from muggles and adapted them with magic—they call it an ‘Odd Solution’ since it’s something muggle that’s been made magical and sold for wizards instead.”

Moony set his spoon down on his plate, surprised. “I had no idea…” He admitted, and Harry knew the look in his eye was the same hope he himself was feeling on his behalf.

“Are you interested in checking it out then? Draco went with me only once but I literally had to drag him and even then he still refused to go into any shops. Purebloods and wizards not super friendly with the muggle world almost never go down there and from what I’ve seen they’re really all very nice. They mind their business, I should say—most of them aren’t pureblood enough to be nosey as wizards always are.” He tried to sell the place, really hoping he wasn’t wrong in thinking that the folks in Contrair would care a lot less about a werewolf in their shop than those in Diagon would.

After all, he’d lived there for several weeks as an unaccompanied minor and no one had really said anything about it, nor called the Ministry or Hogwarts to report him or anything. None of Dumbledore’s people or stray Death Eaters had come to both him—he just bought food from vendors and stopped in at the bookshop to read occasionally and the shop keeps had let him do it without a single word that wasn’t business related said to him.

Surely the would give a shit about yet another man just wandering around their shop, like Remus was just any other customer.

He really hoped at least.

And so, it seemed, did Moony, although he was visibly unsure about it too. “I… may be interested. If you really don’t think it will cause trouble.” He admitted reluctantly.

Harry felt the pressure of actually being asked his opinion on something, much less something so important. If he was wrong, Remus was the one getting hexed or screamed at, not him.

For some reason that made it all the more important he was right about this, more so than if it was just his own neck he was worried about. He didn’t think he’d be able to live with himself if he swore to Moony’s face that he’d be okay, only for things to in fact not be okay and his pseudo-uncle being the one to suffer for it, particularly when Remus was somehow willing to trust an audacious twelve-year-old’s read on the situation despite how much horror he’d probably seen and experienced being out in magical public before.

But despite everything, Contrair had been his saving grace multiple times now… and no matter if he should feel very pessimistic on the kindness of strangers, he still held out hope it wouldn’t disappoint him now.

Did he know it’d be okay?

No.

But did he really want to believe the entire wizarding world wasn’t as terribly racist (speciesist?) as Diagon was?

Yeah he really, really did.

And for some reason he didn’t want to just let go of that hope just yet. Maybe it was the Christmas spirit possessing him or something.

Also… he was remembering something that he hadn’t yet mentioned to his host for this vacation. Something he wasn’t strictly planning on mentioning either but… but it would offer a solution to their concerns if they needed it to.

“I don’t know for certain, no, but… I have high hopes. They mind their business and if they are chatty they’ve always been very nice. Muggle-nice, not the nosey-nice wizards do.” He huffed. “And uh… at the very least, I have something to show you there if something is a bit weird.”

A bit weird he says… like they both didn’t know that they meant someone openly attacking Remus for what he was.

Luckily the werewolf just nodded, not seeming to mind the implications. His eyes only seemed hesitant a moment longer before somehow hardening and softening in the same expression. Soft in trust perhaps, though hard in determination.

“Well, if it’s something I should see… let’s check it out one we have your list together.”



Chapter End Notes

Remus: Edelweiss (JJ Heller)





Chapter 63: Book 2 : Envy : 30


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Remus stared at the door in front of him.

Melancholy.

He used to think it was disappointment but the word felt too unbearable eventually. Disappointment was a part of melancholy, perhaps the trigger for it even, but something he’d learned after a lifetime of feeling it, is that you didn’t truly feel disappointment for more than a moment.

Disappointment was a reaction.

Something went wrong, something didn’t turn out… disappointment sprung to life for a moment as your heart reacted.

But then came other things. Emotions like sadness or grief, perhaps anger in some situations… to him, it just felt melancholy.

You could feel melancholy for years without it ever once stuttering. Disappointment only came in brief moments, along with everything else… but melancholy persisted. It was pervasive and unavoidable, the foundation in which someone could live their life if the disappointments didn’t stop coming… and coming, and coming, and coming.

It wasn’t a disappointment if he already knew.

He’d suspected… obviously, he had.

His heart couldn’t take it though.

Too many people had called him a coward, called him weak, called him soft-hearted in a world where only the brave at heart truly thrived that he found himself being unable to face the reality that looked right back at him behind impossibly deep emerald eyes.

Lily’s eyes, he’d thought at first but… after this week he knew Lily had never looked like that.

…he had though.

Looking the mirror a time or two, he’d seen the same look… he just didn’t want to believe it no more than he didn’t want to believe the sun wouldn’t rise tomorrow. It felt like he’d have to have given up all hope on life to truly believe in something so terrible, even if the sky itself were dark with proof.

It wasn’t a disappointment if he’d already known… if he’d already seen proof before, found it in words on paper and a young voice chattering in his tiny kitchen, or mumbling grumpily in his blankets on the couch.

He’d already known, he just… he just…

It was in everything he didn’t say, when he never once mentioned Petunia or his muggle relatives despite having written half a novel in letters by now. How despite going over and over and over his gift list, how not a single time had any muggle made it to that list. How he’d talked about who he hadn’t wanted to give a gift to but was obligated to, like Ron Weasley and even Severus Snape of all people… but not a single word had ever left his mouth about a present for his aunt or the people he’d grown up with. Not even a word that he was purposefully not getting them anything or a single hint of nostalgia for any other Christmas before, like this holiday was the first Christmas he’d ever seen and it was all bright and new… just nothing.

He refused to even think about them.

But it was also the silent feet. The fact he didn’t exactly use the invisibility cloak, but for as loud and as brash as Harry could be in a conversation or when he wanted attention, when he wasn’t talking it was as if he were trying to disappear into the walls behind him. How he would’ve been practically part of the furniture for how he could erase his presence… if not, unluckily for him, he wasn’t currently residing with a werewolf who, for better or worse, had a lot sharper senses than the humans Harry was used to living with.

The muggles he was used to living with, Remus’ deeply uneasy suspicion corrected.

It was just the way he hovered near the small of his back when Remus was cooking in the kitchen or fixing them tea, out of his direct line of sight with inhuman silence if not for the fact he had inhuman hearing so as never to really lose track of him. Not that he mentioned that fact ever, knowing he would severely stress out his young guest with that knowledge.

“You’re very quiet.” He’d calmly noted on one of their lazy mornings. The twelve-year-old was an insanely early riser… obviously Remus heard the moment he woke and made a point to join him instead of leaving him in an unfamiliar place alone for too long.

“Am I?” Harry had seemed noticeably taken aback, green eyes veiling some of their light. “I thought for sure you would say I was loud.”

“When you’re talking maybe… when you’re talking over people, for sure.”

“Oi,” He complained at the teasing which just made Remus laugh.

“Every other time though, you’re very quiet.” He tried to point out.

“I didn’t realize,” Harry had just shrugged it off as he returned the task back to stirring their sizzling breakfast. Remus caught the way his expression flickered though, and knew to drop it.

Had made a point to pretend he couldn’t hear or sense the boy from then on when he was apparently unknowingly hiding from him, giving him the illusion that he could still safely disappear even in the small two-room building. He had a ton of practice at it after all, since very few people appreciated the reminder that werewolves had a much better sense of hearing and smell than maybe any human was comfortable with. They just didn’t like knowing he could always tell something about them that they couldn’t wrap their heads around, apparently.

Harry had a better excuse to dislike it than most though.

Sirius never liked that I always knew where he was either.

Automatically he took a step back from the door, arms curling around himself as if the random thought that popped up on him had physically hurt. In a way, it did hurt a lot, to the point it might as well be physical.

He closed his eyes against it all, a little too used to compartmentalizing these kinds of things by now. Being with Harry this week, thinking of these terrible truths… clearly a rouge moment of nostalgia had escaped the locked box he usually kept these thoughts in.

He hated the idea that Harry could relate to his own childhood apparently. The last person who’d been able to actually relate like that had… hurt.

It still hurt, honestly.

He wanted to say it still hurt as badly as the day it had happened but it wasn’t true… time had healed some things but it was still almost unbearable when he suddenly remembered things he wished he wouldn’t anymore.

He took a deep breath, not knowing when Harry would return and refusing to be seen like this.

It wasn’t a disappointment because he’d already known.

Known from the conversation only last night, how Harry had been so proud to flaunt his Transfiguration skills when talking about how it helped him with his friend, with the house rivalries… yet as soon as it got close to saying his skills were important academically he’d flipped to being self-doubting, or even self-depreciating about it.

It didn’t take much to figure it out, he was still a child who liked to build snowmen and crawl under furniture in the invisibility cloak to jump scare him during their mini food fights, still fully, childishly believing the werewolf wouldn’t see it coming. He was also a child who had a lot more than snowball fights and homework on his mind though, and it showed.

It showed in the way any hint of added responsibility made him stutter or shy away from the conversation immediately. How he was the most self-assured child Remus had ever met since that day a lifetime ago when he’d met James Potter on the Hogwarts’s Express… right up until you put those pesky little things like expectation on his tiny shoulders.

The pressure of words like ‘prodigy’ or ‘gifted’ made Harry suddenly doubt himself.

He was confident he could use his skills to get what he wanted out of life, things he could decide for himself he wanted and knew he could muster the internal strength to fight for. It all fell apart though when anyone else expected something of him… someone he didn’t want to disappoint, but perhaps they were asking something of him that he didn’t know if he could handle—and it terrified him. The uncertainty ripped the rug out from beneath him, making him completely 180 into someone much shyer and less bold than he normally was in the blink of an eye.

He knew who he was and could confidently say who he was.

If someone else put a label on him though—a label like ‘smart’ or ‘prodigy’—something that he himself did not come to the conclusion of first… he floundered, suddenly terrified and sinking beneath waves he hadn’t realized he’d only been treading. The pressure of expectation was a chip in the unbreakable glass that threatened to bring the whole thing down one day.

He’d already known though, it wasn’t like that conversation unearthed anything new, just a tiny little piece and Remus knew there would be more under the surface somewhere too. He wasn’t afraid of them though, he wanted to find every last piece in the end, somehow.

He just… he’d done everything he could.

Back when he still had hope he could turn his abilities into being a full teacher instead of just a part-time tutor, he’d taken classes, he’d learned a thing or two. He knew about routine, about structure, about giving children small chores that were well within their capabilities to give them confidence. About having fun but instilling rules and the sense of safety that came with it. About being flexible and always willing to help if ever you were asked… he’d never really needed to put it into practice but he sure had this week.

Those lessons were part of the reason he’d given up on tutoring… he could never really be there for kids consistently enough to give them the structure or confidence he’d be there for them that they truly needed in a teacher. He still didn’t know if he could give any of that to Harry now but… but Merlin he’d done everything he could.

… he might’ve already known, but the apartment in Contrair alley was the disappointment. The trigger for a waterfall of melancholy that he struggled to get out from under.

And actually, it wasn’t really the apartment… it was the door.

They’d agreed he would stay at a café during Harry’s last-minute shopping here, but then he’d unveiled this apartment… his for the rest of the calendar year it seemed, but completely empty at the moment—just how he’d left it back on September 1st.

Remus had been overwhelmed, to say the least. He almost hadn’t made it this far as needing to go down Knockturn Alley was almost enough to get him deciding that maybe it wasn’t a good idea to trust a twelve-year-old’s wild, harebrained schemes, but in the end they had made it over, under the promise they were literally just passing through. Contrair Alley was also… something.

Still overwhelmed by it all and not having much time to see it all before learning about the apartment, Remus thought it seemed nice enough, he just… couldn’t think about it right now.

Harry had been talking a mile a minute and Remus knew he was unnaturally perceptive and he did not want him to think he was rejecting him or the situation or the apartment or any of it, so he’d kind of cut the tour short. He’d told him he would go check out that bookstore he’d mentioned—Bethany’s or whatever it was—while Harry did his shopping, and then afterwards they’d meet back here at the apartment.

Thankfully Harry had gleefully agreed, and off he’d run into the alley he was clearly very familiar with.

But Remus couldn’t make it past the door.

…he sunk to his knees for a minute, looking at it and trying not to break completely… a useless thing to attempt, but he’d been trying half his life at this point so he had some practice.

It wasn’t the apartment… he’d already known and he’d once been in a very similar situation so the fact there was an apartment here wasn’t that surprising. He remembered v i v i d l y, standing in entrance of the Ministry in front of twenty odd fireplaces all hooked to the floo network, people bustling around him as they came and went busily, a major hub to take him anywhere in the world he wanted…

… and knowing deep in his core that there was nowhere for him to go.

Everyone he’d once known and loved was dead or just gone. Everything he thought he’d had left, well… he spent everything he had to try and get back, only to be turned away and forced to leave the Ministry grounds with… nothing. Nothing in his arms and nothing left to his name, nothing left to who he used to be and absolutely nowhere to go.

If he’d had an apartment or a shack in the woods to run to in that moment, he would’ve.

He’d been twenty-one at the time and all he could think of was to return to muggle London and walk until his legs gave out. Harry was nine years younger but thankfully at least richer, so he didn’t end up on some street like he had, at least he had this apartment.

Remus couldn’t even be upset or mad or jealous about it… he was just so thankful and unbelievably relieved that Harry had ended up somewhere safe. It literally did not matter how it had happened, he was breathless in relief that this apartment existed at all.

What took him to his knees though and made it feel impossible to stand up again though, was the fucking door.

Once upon a time, a long time ago… someone with dark hair falling in his silver eyes had talked quite a lot about wards. Sirius had… always been very good at wards. It was just this talent he had, an uncanny one too… in fact when he and James went to apply to be aurors, apparently he’d broken some kind of record for how fast he beat the ward-breaking portion of the exam. James had never let him live it down.

Remus bowed his head, fingers digging into the wood beneath his nails and the sounds of splintering wood shrill in his ears as if he could block the memories out.

It’s just… against his wishes, he knew.

It was Sirius’ wards and his own runes that had created the map… their greatest creation, the one they’d been proudest of right up until the day they met little baby Harry. Years before that though, they had to have spent a hundred or more hours with their heads bent over the map to bring it to life exactly the way they’d dreamed it to be… and Sirius had been amazing at it, but Remus had learned a lot from him too.

And because of it he knew the wards on the door.

He knew the main ward was a muggle repellant.

…everything else on it seemed secondary honestly, he… he’d just never seen a muggle repellant ward quite this strong. There was literally no reason for it to be here, in a magical alley that muggles couldn’t enter anyway. He knew enough that only someone like Sirius himself or the goblins could’ve created it too.

Harry had money, thankfully. It seemed that was all he had at some points, since Remus had failed him.

But at least he had money, and maybe a little more brains at twelve than Remus did at twenty-one, because if he couldn’t get one himself he could at least pay the goblins create a safe place for him… and get them to ward it against everything he feared most so that he had a chance to sleep soundly at night.

The door was the disappointment, because it was the final proof Remus hadn’t known he’d needed, of what Harry truly feared most—and it wasn’t the monster that took his parents, or the dark outside their little shack, or losing his friends, or never reaching his dreams even. It was a disappointment because Remus could give his life to protect him against death eaters, pretend to have never met him to protect his future, even cast as many Lumos’ as he could and hold him tight to ward off uneasiness at the dark…

But Remus had tried to save him from those muggles, and he’d f a i l e d.

It was the nail in the coffin to his reality that he couldn’t save Harry from what he truly feared most. He couldn’t adopt him or be his guardian, he might not even be allowed to ever see him again after this break if anyone got suspicious about where a notably famous child had gone for the holiday…

… if he tried to just go for it and keep him from going back to his relatives come summertime, he might not even live long enough to see Harry graduate, much less teach him any muggle subjects like he’d asked. A werewolf essentially kidnapping a child celebrity… yeah, depending on the auror arresting him, there was a good chance he might not even make it to Azkaban, but to Azkaban he’d surely be going. And he wasn’t like the others of the community—the way he chained himself down every month had done irrevocable damage to his health over the years, he knew he’d only be in Azkaban maybe a month or two before the transformations on top of the dementors killed him outright.

Madam Pomfrey had always warned him the chaining would deteriorate his health over time, but it wasn’t like he had a choice… he wasn’t going to put others at risk and just accepted the shorter life, which still seemed so long and far away when he was eleven. It felt much closer by the time he was fifteen though… and he thought maybe the others noticed too, which was part of the reason they’d wanted to be animagi so badly. Being with them, with a pack instead of chained to the wall, had given him so much relief that he hadn’t felt that alive in years… and when the pack broke apart, he hadn’t felt that alive since.

Somehow, he knew… if he did end up in Azkaban, at least it wouldn’t be long.

There was a chance he’d be next to Sirius even… next to Padfoot again for one final transformation that would likely be the last he had to ever endure.

He coughed and bent forward as something slammed into his chest at full force, mostly in his head but something deep in the corner of his mind clawing at that morbid thought like a drowning man desperate for air.

He just closed his eyes against the feeling and shoved it down like he always did.

It was just the melancholy talking… just because he wanted to do the impulsive thing and just whisk Harry away, he knew he wasn’t strong or clever enough to actually do it, and being dead wasn’t the answer. He was a failure, he couldn’t protect him from what he feared most, but… he could still write him letters. He could still teach him Chemistry and foster his still-burning passion for learning, so that he didn’t end up like every other burnt-out gifted kid he’d met. He still could protect him from the dark and maybe one day death eaters or an enemy… that would at least be a worthwhile use of his life—or his death—instead of wasting it on an impulsive plan he knew he couldn’t pull off.

He could talk to Dumbledore. To Minerva, since she seemed to truly care for the boy too. There wasn’t really anyone else who talked to him these days, everyone from the old Order hadn’t made contact or returned a letter in a decade, but he could try again maybe… if it was for Harry maybe they’d respond.

Maybe… maybe his actual godfather was truly innocent.

He’d never truly known, never truly given up because how could Sirius had ever done that—

He cut himself off, knowing the sense of hope was dangerous. It was just… he’d been rejected from taking Harry in but if Sirius truly were innocent… he was his rightful godfather after all, he could whisk him away even if neither of them ever spoke to him again for not being there for either of them this entire time…

He’d waited a year and spent every knut he had to get a chance to speak to the courts about adopting Harry… the actual hearing hadn’t lasted ten minutes though, most of the Wizengamont thinking his desperate attempt was just plain funny in how pathetic it was he’d even tried. Obviously the answer was no, and he was stupid for even asking.

Since he’d ‘wasted their time’ once, they also banned him from bringing any other case to be heard, which meant despite trying he’d been rejected from making appeals on Sirius’ behalf… and unlike the goodwill Harry’s poor orphan status had, no one believed him when he’d tried to plead for his old friend. He had begged anyone who would listen to submit the appeal for a trial since he couldn’t do it, but even if they listened to his plight, even if they were polite in letting him down, no one would do it. That was about the time people stopped returning his letters too, he realized.

“Can you be quite certain it wasn’t a fit of insanity.” Lady Augusta Longbottom, one of his last-ditch hopes, had demanded of him back then. Her son and daughter-in-law were supposed to take Harry should Sirius be unfit, but Alice and Frank… had been reduced to nothing via the death eater’s torture.

She found herself suddenly saddled with her one-year-old grandson herself, and she would’ve taken Harry too if Dumbledore didn’t insist he was safest where he was, with his aunt. The two old bats had been long-time friends so she trusted the Headmaster’s words.

Remus did too, even if he was crushed by it. Lady Augusta at least had the most sympathy for his situation than anyone else, and being on the Wizengamont herself had helped him get his first chance at his day in court. Given how it had been an utter failure, she was cold and logical enough to shut him down flat about any chance of attempting it again, much less for the man who supposedly betrayed the Potters. She pitied Harry’s situation, but she had no grace for Sirius.

“He didn’t even get a trial… we don’t know until he admits it under Veritaserum.” Remus insisted, trying not to let the shaking of his hands infect his voice. “You don’t know him like I did… there was no way he would’ve betrayed them—betrayed James!”

“… I believe you.” Augusta had nothing but cold pity in her eyes. Graceful, but unmoved. “But I also know the Black family… I had the unfortunate blessing of meeting Walburga more than once in some circles. You’re telling me there was no chance the heir of those raving lunatics didn’t inherit even a piece of their insanity?”

“Sirius wasn’t like that—he hated them! They disowned him years ago for breaking away from how they operated!” He pleaded.

“I am aware. I am not saying it is not tragic.” Her voice was heavy… he bit back on some of his vitriol, knowing she too was suffering just as much right now from her own losses. The topic of insanity hitting closer to home than it ever did to the both of them right now. “I believe he was a good friend to you. To the Potters. I even believe he would’ve hated to betray them too.” Her eyes hardened then, piercing right though his soul. “Can you tell me with your full chest though, that he didn’t lose his mind and betray them anyway? That killing Pettigrew and all those muggles was something he did in anger and not insanity? Do you even want to believe that he did it with his full mind?”

He felt tears flood down his cheeks almost unknowingly and couldn’t meet her gaze. She was kind enough to put a hand on his shoulder comfortingly, though the squeeze she gripped him with was as harsh as her words.

“A man with that kind of rage should not walk free anyway. He should certainly not be in charge of a child, as he would be if he were out here to take Harry. Remus… do yourself a kindness and believe he lost his mind. At the very least you can know it wasn’t your friend who betrayed you, it was a broken man with a broken mind that did it. A stranger to you now… not the boy you once knew. Keep the memories of better times close to you and mourn the fact your friend lost his mind, not that he was never your friend at all.”

“… but what if he didn’t. We don’t know until he gets a trial,” He tried to persist, but he felt his resolve crumbling under the weight of his grief. He was trying so hard but… but…

“Remus… young man listen to me.” She shook him slightly once. “It will not be an easy thing to get his case seen… and even if we give everything to make it happen, the best case scenario is that he admits he betrayed them under torture and was just blinded by rage to kill Pettigrew and those muggles. You will get the knowledge he didn’t do it entirely maliciously… but he will have still done it, and you will then live knowing he betrayed you knowingly as well. In the worst scenario… he will have been a death eater like his parents from the very beginning and the man you thought you knew was, and always has been, a figment of your imagination.”

She sat back and sighed, as if this were all very tiring… as if he were not struggling to find the will to keep breathing right then.

“Do yourself a favor and believe he lost his mind, and it wasn’t anyone’s fault in the end. You don’t want to know the truth.”

Remus found a surge of strength suddenly, getting to his feet and dusting himself off to be sure he was presentable even as he struggled to steady his breathing.

Augusta had been wrong.

That wasn’t the worst scenario—the worst scenario was Harry growing up in an unsafe environment and now fearing the people who should’ve raised him, loved him this entire time. Harry Potter had been the most spoiled and loved child when he was a babe, surrounded by the Marauders and their friends and family as the first child of their friend group who’d all adored him, so he’d never been alone or wanted for anything… but in the end he hadn’t grown up with any of it.

And that was the worst-case scenario.

So what if he had to live with the truth that Sirius had been a death eater the entire time… that all those nights of him being there for him during either of their bad dreams or standing by him no matter what the Slytherins said or did to him…

He scrubbed his hands down his face, collecting himself.

It didn’t matter if their friendship was something that had never been real or if Sirius really did just lose his mind when he did it. He needed to get a trial, and perhaps during it they could bring up Harry’s guardian situation—if Sirius were officially deemed inept instead of just assumed as he was now, then his responsibility of godfather would have to be brought up. Harry was an extremely intelligent child, surely they’d let him speak to request anyone else than his relatives. If Harry got his day in court on the topic of his insane godfather… maybe people would listen finally. Surely Augusta, who’d been willing to take him once, would see sense and take him in now. Harry and Neville were close friends after all, surely that would be best…

Surely she’d agree if he got Dumbledore to see sense, to just see that those muggles were doing more damage than good. If the Headmaster heard about what Remus now knew and heard Harry’s request not to be sent back to his relatives, he had faith he’d be on board, and then Augusta might be willing to accept another grandson.

It… it broke his heart to admit it but… it didn’t matter what happened to Sirius. The Padfoot that James had made his son’s godfather would’ve agreed that all that mattered was Harry… even if that Padfoot had been lost to insanity, to death eater torture, or even to the decade in Azkaban at this point… the Sirius he still believed once existed would’ve agreed that it didn’t matter what happened to him, just save Harry.

Resolve made, Remus knew what he had to do.

He pushed open that damned apartment door and went out into the alley with a bravery had hadn’t felt in years.

000

Contrair Alley during the holiday season was a great place to be. The decorations and cheery music, the magical confetti mimicking snow falling on the already frosty ground, the smells of a dozen delicious things baking and brewing and ready to be eaten. An added bonus of this being a muggleborn-heavy area was that it wasn’t just the Yule celebration, but there were also plenty of Santa hats and candy canes and other more commercial muggle toys as well which was a little lighter feeling than anything Diagon had. There was certainly charm and warmth in the ancient, heavy traditions, but there was a breath of fresh cheer in the stupid, happy-go-lucky-for-no-reason nonsense muggles had with the season too.

Still, for as much as he liked it he was on a mission and positively ran up and down the street to bang out his shopping list as fast as he could.

He started with Martha’s Crafts, which to his joy went just as well as he’d hoped it would in that she was happy to sit and hear him explain his idea, and then skilled enough to catch on right away for what he wanted. She was a full muggleborn and familiar with the designer he was stealing the colors from and also insanely crafty given her hobby/profession here, so she very easily cut up some thick card stock into neat little cartons, filling it with magically silky red tissue paper. She even helped him pick out the font for the top that matched his very bad hand-drawn rendition, and then with a wave of her wand the corners of the carton were lined a thin white and gold, and it was almost like the mental image he’d had in his head had come to life. Maybe it was how excited he was, but Martha just laughed and gave him the prototype for free then, saying if he really want promising some business for her in the future with the recipients of the gift, then she’d take the gamble to give him this one sheet of paper free.

He'd enthusiastically thanked her, promising a letter perhaps start of the new year either way, and she just wished him a happy holiday as he ran off again. He could tell she only half believed a kid his age was actually going to bring her any business in the future, more just entertaining a fun little project for a child during the festive season when there was no one else in her shop right now anyway, but he relished imagining the surprise she’d get when the twins cornered her with their full business proposition come the new year.

He stopped at the café he’d used to eat and was thrilled that they did indeed sell their mugs, and that yes they could add a self-regulating temperature spell for a bit of a fee, no issue. He picked out a nice plain black one since Theo would in no way like one that stood out in any form, and tucked it away safe.

He stopped at the hair salon, not for a cut as he didn’t have time for that, but to at least say hi to the women in there that enthusiastically greeted him—or more like his hair— picking up some new shampoos and magical make-up just in case he ran low in the coming semester.

Last stop was Osmias, who despite being terrible at replying to letters apparently, actually had finished the poison detecting glasses he’d mentioned in the summer. They had a pleasant chat as always, Osmias being a bit of an over-sharer as ever, but then in no time he had four new fashionable sets of glasses. Since Osmias was a bit of a creative over-achiever too, they also had enchantments to detect glamours and change the color of your eyes to whatever you wanted them to be, which was kind of fun.

The first two were genuine gifts for Lake and Alden, which he was sure they’d find a lot of use, but the other two were prototypes he’d promised two particular grey heirs quite a while ago now when he’d posed them as a decent business proposition. They weren’t their real gifts of course, more as proof-of-concepts for later when they talked business again. Daphne had seemed way more interested, but while Blaise had seemed mostly uncaring aside from the whole poison discussion, you never really knew what he was interested in on a given day since he was too good of an actor in pretending to be nonchalant. Even if he didn’t like them so far as business went, Harry was still sure he was over-dramatic enough to get a mild kick out of the ability to dye his eyes red or gold or something else equally as creepy without the need of a glamour. He might also toss them out the window for being too muggle, but even if that were the case the chance to annoy him was tempting enough to be sure he got them for later.

With that, Contrair Alley was complete, and he made the short trip back up to Diagon to finish his list.

First was the tea shop, getting the most high-end tea he could find to go along with Theo’s mug, then Madam Malkins for some fabric, and then the stationary store where he bought several very nice journals for the upper year Slytherins he’d been trading with but was not very close to. He figured it was pretty much the same situation as Theo last year, in which he knew them and had done business with them a couple times so he was obligated to give them something, but they were not friendly enough to do anything more than low-effort, semi-insulting gifts like journals and quills. He fully expected to get a couple journals himself from them in return, so it was pretty much like doing a flat trade essentially.

Tracy and Melinda each got a set of the highest-grade potion ingredients he could find in the Apothecary— he didn’t know them that well yet to get anything more personal than that but had heard from Daphne that they followed the Slytherin trend of being good at Potions and were also interested in it to a point as well. Melinda gave away nothing so he left it there for her, but Daphne had let it slip that Tracy actually had a potion hobby and there may have been a quiet rumor in the snake house that she was selling some unnamed potions on the down low. Since he was still trying to butter her up, he was sure to get her a set of crystal bottles and gold wax to cap and seal her potions then as well.

Blaise and Draco were the hardest to get gifts for though, for opposite reasons honestly.

With Draco he really wanted him to like his gift since he’d been such a good friend all this time and he knew the blond would like anything he got him, but he wanted it to be perfect for exactly that reason. Blaise on the other hand, was a picky bitch who would love to find any fault with the gift he got and would proceed to then never let him live it down.

Even Moony had been hands off with that one when they’d been brainstorming, acknowledging that was a tough spot to be in with them.

He still didn’t have a full idea, but he at least had half a plan for Draco, and then was really banking on being able to find something special for the both of them at his last stop—which was coincidentally also where he intended to get Daphne’s.

He walked into Gringotts pretty comfortably, knowing he’d been a mess last time he was here alone and even more worked up when he’d been here with the Malfoys, but honestly he’d been here enough times now that he wasn’t really put off by it the building itself. Axeclaw had been alarmingly chill even when he’d literally been falling apart at the seams back then… uncaring for sure, but chill. He felt a sense of comfort that his account manager didn’t give a shit if it didn’t involve gold, and he was here to talk gold so things were all good for once.

What did surprise him though, was how he’d been in the building less than two minutes and hadn’t even made it to the front desk to ask for his manager when Axeclaw himself was suddenly opening the door to the back area and pinning him with a look.

“Well hello,” he greeted with a blink. “Am I that predictable or were you expecting me?”

“You were expected. Follow me.” He left without preamble, and Harry just jogged a bit to chase after him and return to his normal office. The door shut and the goblin wasted no time getting to it as he walked to his desk. “I am aware you have been busy. Anything to share?”

“Well, yes, but first: is there a letter for me? I was told someone dropped one off, and I probably need to read it first.”

Without a word Axeclaw just pointed one sharp finger at the desk as they reached it, and Harry saw one already waiting for him. Unmarked, but given the invitation he opened it hastily.

000

Mr. Potter,

I’ve enlisted the help of the goblins with the following issue at hand, and please do trust that their confidentiality is unmatched. I’ve ensured they were well-compensated for their secrecy as well.

I’ve informed Axeclaw verbally of some things but I believe he will not openly speak of things unless you bring it up yourself first. You do not need to share any more details than necessary, but I believe he will be very interested in the possibility of you inheriting the Black family wealth if you do become a ward for your wayward godfather, so he will be an excellent ally to have, given the excellent motivation. I’m sure the idea of one day combining the Black, Potter, and Monroe vaults has the entire bank in a tizzy.

That being said, I’m sure you’ll have questions. The White parties informed me you did a blood test which is excellent news, as it is actually the inspiration for this plot: taking over what is rightfully yours in Wizengamont. No matter your age, in the eyes of magical inheritance, if you are the sole representative of your family and your family line is guaranteed a seat in Wizengamont, you have the right to vote with it. As the only living soul within the Potter and Monroe line that you inherited, you are owed two seats. I do not have access to your family tree from the blood test but if you can confirm if Mr. Black is magically your godfather, then that means while he is indisposed—which means incarcerated—you are owed his seats as well, as his proxy. I am currently researching now how many seats the Black family has accrued, but given their dedication to blood purity I cannot imagine it will be more than one or two others, if any.

The ask for you is to give the goblins permission to use your blood test to see what other seats you might be owed. The Potter line in particular I know has married into many others throughout the centuries, but frankly I know little of the Monroe line so there are likely opportunities there as well.

Now, you might wonder why all the effort for some seats when there is little chance you’ll be a sole majority. The Wizengamont has 99 available seats but for the past century there has never been more than 70 or so filled due to extinctions and lack of inheritance or claims—currently there are only 53 seats filled. To be blunt, the major issue with getting our court date is that 12 of them belong to Albus Dumbledore and 7 belong to Cornelius Fudge. You need a majority to pass a motion in court, and between the two of them along with a couple other allies blindly voting with them, they’ve been enough to get every major motion into court for the past forty years. It is them and those allies that keep approving yet pushing out court dates, and even those who are convinced enough to at least let a trial happen are more than happy to be bribed into pushing a trial out another couple weeks… so on and so on and I am sure it will go on indefinitely rather than the truth come to light. Even then, you need a 2/3rds majority to make a sentence in a criminal hearing and I am sure even if Mr. Black truly is innocent, that will not be easy to do with how Fudge is operating. I would like to go into court that day entirely sure of our success, and not leave it to chance.

That being said, if you can inherit at least 10 seats, and we manage to get you to the Wizengamont in person on the day of the court, all you have to do is vote however you want. I, as well as my allies, will wait until you cast your votes to follow suit—the results will be close enough that those combined votes will turn the tides in either direction, therefore after hearing the trial yourself, the choice will be entirely yours of how to proceed.

I’ve already given Axeclaw the paperwork he will need, he just needs your permission to inherit the appropriate seats. The day you return to Hogwarts I should also have a better understanding of when the trial will be, though perhaps not the time to communicate it to you before it happens. I believe you are familiar with Lucius Malfoy—he will be the one to retrieve you from school on the day of the trial, and it will likely be a sudden occurrence, so please go along with him quickly. You may not have direct permission from the Headmaster to leave school grounds but I ensure you will not suffer more than a detention at most.

If you need to communicate anything back to me I will be at Gringotts New Year’s Day, feel free to leave a letter with Axeclaw. If nothing else, I only need the number of seats you hold before deciding how best to proceed.

I look forward to meeting you in person in the near future, and hope you enjoy your holiday.

Yours Truly,

Sebastian Nicholas Greengrass

000

Harry lowered the letter, mind spinning.

The first thing he figured, was that the fact Mr. Greengrass had completely forgone the code names in a letter that had been openly sitting on Axeclaw’s desk and signed his full legal name to it meant he was dead serious about confidentially not being a worry with the goblins. Which was good, they could finally speak plainly.

And since he had spoken plainly, he was a little lightheaded to realize the trial might happen soon.

Like before Easter kind of soon.

He wanted to breathe a sigh of relief that it’d be over soon, except he couldn’t since his stomach and lungs were tied up in knots in anxiety over making sure this actually worked. It was coming down to the wire now, and he couldn’t mess it up in the 11th hour.

“Mr. Potter?” Axeclaw saw he was finished reading and got impatient.

“All of this has to stay absolute secret. Sounds like Mr. Greengrass already said that.”

“Of course.” The goblin narrowed his gaze cooly, not amused he’d implied he’d ever repeat a client’s business apparently. “He’s the one who delivered that letter and expressed as much. Your account and confidentiality is my highest priority even if others also comment.”

“Thank you,” Harry just nodded once since there was no use in not being polite, but getting right to it. “I’m working Sebatian Greengrass to get Sirius Black a trial. He said in this letter he already gave you everything I’d need to claim seats in the Wizengamont which I’ll use to make sure he’s sentenced fairly. The blood test I did said he is magically my godfather, which means while he’d imprisoned I at least get three seats then, right? Can you find out if I’m owed any others?”

Axeclaw wasted no time, opening a drawer to his left and fetching a thick stack of folders, plopping it between them.

“I was warned you might ask such a thing, and I have already gathered that information.” He announced. Right, Mr. Greengrass had sent the letter saying he needed to get to Gringotts several weeks ago, Axeclaw had probably been sitting on this development for a while. No wonder he was impatient.

“You have already fully inherited the Potter seat as of the moment of your parents’ death, as well as the Monroe’s when you inherited their line as of last year. I also confirmed that the moment Sirius Black entered Azkaban property eleven years ago you became the Black family’s official proxy since it is confirmed he is your legal and magical godfather and he was unmarried. There is no further action required to use those seats other than being present in the Wizengamont court while a vote is being cast.”

“So at least three… but going by that file there’s more.” Harry couldn’t take his eyes off of it, and the goblin just bore his very pointed teeth as he pushed the pile closer to him. He took it but the writing was dense when he opened it and knew it would take him quite a while to actually read it all—neither of them wanted to sit here through that though so thankfully Axeclaw just continued.

“By right of succession—or extinction in some cases—you also have the right to claim the seats for the Bryne, Sullivan, Kennedy, Lynch, Ryan, Gallagher, Fleamont, Prewett, Gaunt, Roberts, Slytherin, and Perevell.” He announced.

Harry stared…

Then counted mentally and had to do a double take.

“Really? That many…?”

“The first six families all funneled into what became of the Monroe bloodline, which whittled down over time until their eventual extinction. There were more families present in the lineage of course, however only those were ever recognized or given seats in the Wizengamont. None but the Monroe seat has actually been used for a vote in 127 years, however they are still valid if reactivated. By you, specifically, as the only person to inherit anything from that line—blood, magic, or otherwise.”

“So there’s no one with any blood left from those families? Me inheriting their magic is all that’s left of them?” Harry frowned.

“Yes.” The goblin was ruthless with it. “Unless there was an illegitimate child out there that was a squib, who only had muggles in the line since, there is no one. The fact you do not need to undergo any further ritual or blood acceptance means that merely by inheriting the Monroe magical line, you have also inherited all that is left of them in this world. There is no blood out there in anyone left living: you carry their magic and since that is all that is left, there is no need to contest or claim anything away from someone else. It is merely yours for the taking.”

For some reason he felt indescribably sad about that… how even if he inherited their magic there was still no physical proof of all those family lines anywhere. It made him sad but also somehow glad he’d accepted their name on a whim last year… at least this way he could still keep their legacy alive somehow.

He straightened up again, determined. “So even not going anything, I get nine seats? Which means for the rest there is something I have to do?”

Axeclaw jabbed a boney claw at the papers he was holding. “That details the legality and magical traces of your claims, and unlike the Monroe line which is completely uncontested, the others are much more muddled. You have a claim to the second six, but you are not the only one. Slytherin and Gaunt are unseated and uncontested, meaning no one actually has claimed them even if perhaps they had the right to, and therefore it would be no issue for you to take them yourself. Fleamont and Roberts were women who married into the Potter line and thus ended the carrying on of their names, however neither the actual bloodline nor their respective seats disappeared. Going back up their family trees, those branches married into other still-active families who also have the right to claim the Fleamont or Roberts seats as cousins of various degrees. You, however, are a direct descendant of those women who last carried the full bloodline, and so your right to claim them will trump that of anyone else. Peverell is likewise being used but you as the descendant have a stronger claim to it. You are not the direct descendant for the Prewett line, however no one has claimed it or used it to vote since the Grindelwald’s war, so you do have claim to it until someone else of more proper lineage wishes to take it from you instead.”

“Wait,” Harry realized the implication of all this, wincing harshly. “By claim them… you mean a blood ritual, don’t you?”

“I do,” Axeclaw pretty much just shrugged, clearly not seeing the problem.

Harry groaned and put his head down on the table over the papers… shit. Not again… not twice again…

“What about the other four?” He sighed, stomach already twisting in dread.

“They are all claimed, however once again you are a direct descendant and, should you choose the claim them, would be able to take the seats by force.” He confirmed… also tacking on: “By blood ritual, as I said.”

“Oh great.”

“Also-”

“There’s more?!” He snapped his head up in alarm.

The goblin gave him an acidic look for interfering, but just unearthed yet another file to put pointedly in front of him. “Mr. Greengrass provided some more context that I investigated as well, and found that you not only have right to seats by inheritance, but by conquest as well.”

“Conquest?”

“’He who slays the beast, owns the beast’. That is one of the most ancient magical rights of ownership, but it also applies to the conquest and vengeance of magical bloodlines.” He explained curtly. “You had the right to take the Monroe name as you avenged their bloodline by killing the one who finalized their complete extinction. I have found that you also have the right to take the bloodlines of nine other families—eight from conquests of the Potter line, and one from the Monroe line—which seems to be a blood oath actually, but functionally it acts the same.”

“Okay so when you say conquest of that line…?”

Axeclaw literally just shrugged again.

“The details are lost to history; I am not even sure how Mr. Greengrass unearthed such a thing. All I know is that magically it is true that at one point in the past, nine families swore allegiance or complete surrender to either the Potter or Monroe families. As you inherited their names, those oaths have been made to you now, and the descendants of those families must obey. Functionally, it means if you command them, they must obey or else risk losing their magic.”

Harry stared…

“… is that… normal for pureblood lines?”

“No.” Axeclaw did not hesitate to confirm, folding his hands on the desk in front of him. “I know of only one other instance, and it is between one family who ‘conquered’ one other. Until now that was the only known instance that Gringotts is aware of at least, and to my knowledge it happened within this century. The Potter line is much older however, so my assumption is that a long lineage of warriors defeating past enemies gave way to time, and then eventually the families forgot they were ever once conquered enemies and victors as time went on.”

And yet somehow Sebatian Greengrass had known about this. Trust a Slytherin to be able to dig into one’s ancestry and use what they found as a weapon.

Harry couldn’t even be suspicious of him for it either… all this talk of ‘blood oaths’ and family conquests made him hyper aware of how pale Daphne had gotten when he’d offered a ‘blanket debt’ for the Potter family. While this was also great news for him and for Sirius’ outlook, it was also not lost to him that Mr. Greengrass would benefit a lot more from being owed a debt by an insanely powerful and well-positioned Harry Potter with more seats on the Wizengamont than anyone else, rather than the Harry Potter who had no idea he had such a leg up in the political world without doing anything.

Particularly because he would never consider actually ‘taking’ half these seats under normal circumstances—the benefits in no way outweighed the horror that was a goblin blood ritual after all.

However… if it meant being sure Sirius would get out of Azkaban, that he could give Remus his Padfoot back, that he could get a godfather and get away from the fucking Dursleys then…

Well, blood rituals it was.

Having this much power when it came time to run for Minister would only help anyway, despite how much this was about to suck.

“What families are they?” He wanted to know.

“Doyle made the blood oath to Monroe. Lines conquered by the Potter line are Boot, Dawlish, Davies, Edgecombe, Hornby, Littletree, Oggspire, and Sullivan.” He rattled off quickly, Harry desperately trying to absorb that and figure out if he knew anyone with those names.

He wasn’t exactly that well versed in blood status to recognize things instantaneously like he knew a Slytherin might, but he knew families were important and therefore had paid as close attention as he could… and didn’t recognize some but others he kind of did. Terry Boot was definitely a Ravenclaw in his year, Marietta Edgecombe he was pretty sure was a Ravenclaw in Lu’s year… he didn’t immediately recognize the others but names like Fawley, Littletree, and Davies rang all sorts of bells so he probably knew or knew of someone at Hogwarts with those names.

It hit him after a moment that there was absolutely an upper year Slytherin with the name Hornby though… that would be interesting...

Before he got too into plotting though, he pulled back at the thought of if he even should be openly using something like this. ‘Conquered bloodlines’ seemed… rather oppressive and counter-intuitive to the whole ‘Boy Who Lived’ thing that Dumbledore had created for him, and whether he liked that reputation or not it did help deflect from his less-than-honest activities sometimes. Particularly with people of power… and particularly if, ultimately, he wanted to be Minister someday then having a light-tinted, celebrity reputation would be useful. And if he came right out of the gate with not only 12 Wizengamont seats the organic way, but also forcing nine other living families to vote with him then he would start to look a little too dark-lord-y in some eyes.

Particularly Dumbledore’s, who given how many seats he had obviously knew the importance of political power despite being a school headmaster. If he suddenly found out that Harry had more political weight in the Wizengamont, there was a real chance he’d got from ‘pawn’ to ‘threat’ in no time flat.

And he wanted away from Dumbledore, he was not sure he was ready to just openly fight against him. In fact he knew he was not ready for that, not while he was still in school and the man held the power to just expel him for any stupid reason he thought of. For quaffle’s sake, they’d pinned all the blame of the last monster running loose in Hogwarts on Hagrid despite him being these days pretty much acknowledged as innocent—it would not take much for them to pin the current monster running loose on another student and expel them to call it all good. Doubly so as he was the only parselmouth in the student body with the threat of the Chamber of Secrets nonsense going around. If Dumbledore found out that Harry was gathering political power as a twelve-year-old, he might not want to risk waiting to see what a grown-up Harry Potter would do in the Wizengamont and the excuse to expel him was right there.

Besides… the Potters were Gryffindors, and despite him not having much connection to them, something about all of this conquering business felt insanely Gryffindor to him. Being full-on ‘conquerors’, more so than any other pureblood line around them, clearly getting into fights and winning only to… do absolutely nothing with it? None of those lines married in or had existing relationships with the Potter family so far as he was aware, so it felt to him as if his ancestors had gone around getting into extremely violent fights that required one side to completely submit in their defeat, but then everyone just kind of… moved on from it, with nothing to show and no hard feelings afterwards.

Which was so Gryffindor that Harry felt a little exasperated despite being one himself.

Still, his shining example of what a Gryffindor should be like was Neville… and it didn’t take half a thought to recognize that if Neville were given this power over other families who’d never done him wrong or even crossed his path before, then he would absolutely not use it. He’d do as the Potter ancestors had and just bury it and forget it eventually, since it wasn’t important anymore and it didn’t feel ‘right’ to laud over another family tree you didn’t even know personally at this point.

Given the Potters were pureblood though, there was a chance a lot of Slytherin families never forgot even if Harry’s own ancestors had. And Sebastian Greengrass already knew Harry was not like the Potters before him… he would be tempted by this kind of power.

And he was, let’s be clear about that.

However… the temptation was not greater than his logic, at least not in this moment. Mr. Greengrass might’ve actually overplayed his hand a bit by letting slip that Harry only needed ten seats to be sure of their success… and with only the inherited seats he would have 12, which would be exactly enough to negate anything Dumbledore did. It would be up to their allies then to vote appropriately, and that would be on the Greengrass family to get right—it’s what Harry was going into debt for, after all.

It was a gamble on Sebastian’s part to give the exact number, clearly he’d been thinking he’d need to push Harry to try and get more. He hadn’t let it slip if he suspected how many seats the Potter or Monroe line had, though if he did know… well, Harry shook that off, knowing that getting into the tail-spin of what a grown Slytherin might know versus what they were just lying about knowing or not knowing would only give him a headache.

Ultimately, there was no need for him to command anyone. He’d do his part by getting the 12 seats he was owed and Sebastian would have to do the rest.

He lifted his head from his thoughts. “I don’t need to do anything to command these families, right? It’s just if I do order them someday they’d have to do it?”

“I believe for a wizard, to command someone you would need to have a wand in-hand and be intending for them to obey with certainty. A request in a less-serious conversation holds no weight, you must have the intention of ridding them of their magic should they disobey you.” Axeclaw clarified helpfully, which was a relief.

So he could sit on this knowledge perhaps forever, and it would never accidentally come up. Like if he called to Terry to pass him the ball in a football game and he didn’t, he wouldn’t accidentally be ending a magical line, which was a relief.

“And so far as actually using these seats to vote… is it public? Do I have to announce what seats I’m using when it’s time to vote?”

The goblin tisked, clearly less interested in the details of how wizarding government worked but he did, unfortunately, know. “No, when a vote is being called only members present with their respective seats may vote: if you are absent, your seat remains dormant for the vote. The vote itself is almost instantaneous, it is called and everyone present must hold in their mind their intention, and thus the result will be calculated and tallied in the official register. It is public on the register what seat voted what, so if you wish to vote ‘yes’ then the Potter seat will be marked as a ‘yes’… but so will the Black and Monroe, and any other seats you take on. While it’s obvious you voted for the Potter seat, it is not published that you specifically are the one who voted for them. For example if you voted today then the Bryne seat will also for the first time in over a century cast a vote, but there will be nothing directly acknowledging that you are the one who voted for them.”

“It’d pretty obvious though, at least to other purebloods… I publicly inherited the Monroe name and I assume anyone could look back and see that Bryne was a feeder family into that bloodline.”

“Most likely. If they do not have Monroe blood and you do not give them permission to view your blood test, there is no way through Gringotts to determine such a thing, but a few fanatical wizards have been known to keep public records dating centuries back.”

Meaning some blood fanatics would absolutely know despite there being no living blood descendant of the Monroe line to interrogate or test to confirm.

But then it hit him.

“Wait… so if I cast a vote, then there’s a Slytherin seat that will cast a vote in—what I’m assuming is— the first time in hundreds of years?”

“Yes.” Axeclaw just nodded, completely contradicting that absolute panic Harry went through for a moment.

“Is there anyway to not vote with a seat? Like use eleven and leave that one alone for now?”

Axeclaw just gave him an annoyed look. “No. By doing the blood test you’ve been acknowledged the inheritor of that bloodline, and therefore automatically that seat. Any vote you case, all seats are cast with you.”

Harry ducked his head and pinched the bridge of his nose.

Shit.

That was going to cause a LOT of problems, he was sure. Much less the fact that every pureblood in existence would do a doubletake and probably freak out about it, but the fact that the Slytherin family seat would vote for Sirius Black’s innocence was so not a good look. Sirius might get free but there’d be a lot of death eaters out there who suddenly start doubting if he was one of them or not since their old boss was supposedly the last Slytherin… and a lot of light families would also be clutching their pearls at a ‘freed death eater’ since he had the backing of the family with the darkest reputation of them all. Everyone was already pre-disposed to think he was a traitorous death eater after all, given that’s why he was in Azkaban right now… this would so not help.

…luckily though, all of that would happen after the sentencing. They had to reach the point in the trial that they were voting on if Sirius was innocent or not, and if the vote ended up being for his innocence, even if people looked down and realized there was a troublesome vote in there then it would already be too late.

It would cause a huge mess afterwards but… one step at a time, get Sirius free first and then Harry would try and figure out how to handle that.

Wait a second… he said Slytherin and Gaunt were uncontested.

Harry lifted his head once more, a chill going over his shoulders.

“Back up a second… if the Slytherin seat was just uncontested, that means it isn’t taken but… there are other descendants out there that might’ve had a right to it?”

The goblin just narrowed his eyes. “So it would seem. Before you ask, there is no way to determine who may also have the claim if they are not present to be tested themselves: I merely know the seat was uncontested when I checked it for your right to inherit it. Truly the only way to confirm such a thing is through a blood test, which you already have back to the ancestor in question.”

And it was a straight line down to my mother from Liliana… there wasn’t enough of the family tree elsewhere to know who else might be in the distant branches.

“No, but like… it wouldn’t say that for dead people, right? Only living people would have a claim.” Harry felt numb to even ask the question as he knew it was stupid but… he had to check.

“Correct.” Axeclaw confirmed in a tone that said he was aware both of how stupid a thing it was to ask, but also aware of why his client wanted to ask it anyway. Just because he had enough grace to at least politely answer that, didn’t mean he had patience beyond it though. “Can I assume you intend to inherit these seats then? All nine, on top of the three you already have?”

Harry was thankful to stop his paranoid thoughts from taking over, even at the expense of the dread he was reminded of from these rituals. Learning from last time, he at least remembered to ask questions this time.

“Is it nine separate rituals?”

“Three. One to inherit the Roberts and Fleamont lines; one for Prewett, Gaunt, and Slytherin; and one for Peverell. They are different only because of the reasons I explained earlier, but if the seat status is the same then one ritual will suffice.”

“And how long will they take in total?”

“Approximately four hours.”

“How much blood will they all require again?”

“At least five times what you currently have, but blood replenishing spells are quite effective.”

“Do I get to draw the blood or do you do it?”

“It will vary depending on the ritual.”

“They’re going to hurt a lot, aren’t they?”

“No more than inheriting the Monroe name, I shouldn’t imagine.”

“Are there potions or some solution to cure me of the effects of the rituals immediately after they’re done?” He demanded and Axeclaw just blinked his beady eyes once as if he hadn’t expected that question in amongst the barrage.

“I do believe so. For—”

“For a fee, yes,” Harry huffed, ignoring the glare he got. “Then yes I’d like to claim the seats and would also like the potions as well. While we’re on the topic, can I offer you and Gringotts as a whole a bit of advice in exchange for a discount? Or at least keeping the original fee?”

He got eyed sharply at the word ‘discount’ but the goblin just pointedly put his fingers together and sat back in his seat stiffly.

“It depends on the advice.” He countered.

“Once given, I can’t take the knowledge back and I’d like to get an agreement that prices won’t change for me because of it.”

Axeclaw seemed to mull that over for a second, before nodding once.

“…very well.”

He lifted the quill resting on his desk to pen something briefly on a piece of parchment, spinning it around for Harry to see a brief sentence of their exchange.

“Prices may change for any other reason, but they will not change in response to the knowledge you are about to share.” Axeclaw communicated verbally as well, as Harry read it.

He looked it over carefully but it really was a simple agreement, so he just nodded—the goblin immediately snatching it up and with a snap of his fingers from the now-empty hand that used to hold the parchment, came a soft ripple in the air Harry almost missed if he hadn’t been looking right at his gnarled grip.

While it’d just been a simple sentence on paper in an exchange less than a minute long, Harry immediately got the impression that the deal was very much binding now.

So he got down to holding his end of the bargain up:

“About your blood rituals… you should really tell people up front that there’s a potion to cure the aftereffects. Also, you could increase the price of them by a factor of ten and people would still buy them—particularly purebloods. Humans are much weaker than goblins in that it really sucks for us and if we can pay to make it go away there are a ton who’d take you up on that.”

Axeclaw seemed to sit back in his chair a little more as if considering those words doubtfully.

“You say that since these will require blood rituals… you would like the potions at the standard rate.”

“What you charge anyone else is none of my business.”

“Very well. An interesting bit of knowledge, Mr. Potter.” The goblin dismissed. Not a ‘thanks’ or a ‘I’ll do it’, but good enough. “There is more involved in setting up these rituals as it will need to be done through the Ministry as well, so it will take me about a week to arrange everything. I can have the potions prepared during that time as well.”

Harry did the math and counted the days they had left until Christmas, biting his lip a moment.

“I don’t want to do it on or the day after Christmas, but any time after that and before the new year I can make time to come in.” He agreed.

“Understood. We will plan for the 27th then.” He promptly moved on without sparing much more ceremony for the large topic they were closing. “Onto other business, I trust you received my letter about your vault status.”

“I did, thank you,” Harry closed the folder he was holding to put it in his bag, assuming this was his copy when he wasn’t stopped. He pulled out a list he had ready for this moment though. “I’d like to keep the mail wards as-is, but if we can add this list of people to those allowed to contact me directly.”

The goblin took it and nodded once. “And on the topic of the Eileen Prince Foundation?”

“About that… maybe I’m just not understanding the reports correctly or something, but what is the fund even for if Hogwarts is supposed to be open to all magical students?” He had gone over the paperwork the best he could but it was still very technical and full of financial-language he only half knew at this point. Draco was a great resource for general terms but the specifics of things for the foundation were lost on him.

“Education at Hogwarts is not free, however that is the story that is spun since the Ministry supplements most of the tuition cost for students. In centuries past it was sufficient to cover the entire tuition, but over time the cost of Hogwarts has increased while the Ministry stipend has not. This disconnect means that yes, there is a cost for each student that needs to be covered in some way.”

Harry frowned at how he phrased that, his pre-existing suspicion of Albus Dumbledore kicking in.

“So to be sure I understand from that report you sent, it costs about 5889 galleons for one student to go to Hogwarts, but the Ministry pays 5681…?”

“Which means that there is 208 galleons per student to be paid, yes. Rounding for galleons.” Axeclaw confirmed, Harry hating the way he’d phrased that again.

“And to support the foundation for this coming year? Muggleborns only.”

“Actually I have received a notification on your trust vault that the tuition is going up once again for the coming year, to 213 galleons rounded up. Gringotts does not have access to the list of potential muggleborns but assumptions can be made about previous population sizes to assume it will need anywhere from 2,000 to 4,000 galleons to fund for the next school year.”

Harry was an exceptionally rich child but he was at least financially literate enough at this point to know, generally, that the average wizard’s yearly salary was pretty much around 4,000 galleons.

Therefore: what the quaffle!?

How expensive was Hogwarts!? If most of their stuff is magically done, why do they need this much money? If they had all this lying around, they could easily afford to hire a new History professor instead of making the dead guy keep doing it.

He crossed his arms as he sat back to think that over, unable to shake the suspicion either.

No, the real question is why the increase, and why doesn’t the Ministry match it if they always used to.

The answer to the second part was probably Albus Dumbledore.

He’d just learned the headmaster with his Wizengamont seats and allies had held a monopoly on votes for the past forty years, so things happening (or not happening) in recent years was pretty obviously him. Well, obvious if you knew how many seats he had, that was, since if it was technically anonymous there was a good chance only dedicated Slytherins actually did know how much power an individual had (which suddenly put the emphasis on bloodlines way much more context if knowing who was related to who could literally tell you how much power someone had in today’s government). Harry was planning on deflecting and hiding his own true seat count as much as he could after all, as the less people could predict or pin things on him the better, so it’d only make so much sense Dumbledore probably ended up on the same strategy at some point in the past. Secretly obtain seats somehow, not tell anyone, then when the vote went one way you could pretend to act however you wanted about it since your ‘one vote’ couldn’t have been the deciding factor after all… you were part of the crown, not it’s guiding hand.

It was also much easier to then deflect away from votes that didn’t happen if you had a secret majority. If the Hogwarts tuition kept going up every year or so by a couple galleons here and there, it might not seem like a very important topic to bring to a full vote in Wizengamont with other things like criminal cases and taxes and other big important government things happening. It’d get skipped for a couple years, prices would continue to go up… then if ever someone does have an idea to bring the vote around to expand the Hogwarts budget, it gets voted down. Dumbledore as Headmaster could probably give some bullshit excuse about why he voted against it with his ‘one’ vote, like saying that it was handled or that it wasn’t that important right now. No one else was probably fighting that hard to give more taxpayer money to Hogwarts if they could use it elsewhere, especially if Dumbledore was saying it was under control—and since the vote had gone to the ‘majority’ no one cared to think very hard about it and just moved on.

Which meant over time the amount that each student needed to pay was just growing, and growing, and growing. The fund Lily Potter had originally created was for about a thousand galleons to cover all muggleborns and even their out-of-pocket school supplies (which should average around 150 galleons per person itself) and that used to cover every single incoming muggleborn. That 7000 galleons in the will should’ve lasted Hogwarts ten years going by the prices at the time she’d died.

By the report Axeclaw had given him, that fund had dried up before Harry himself had turned four. A mere two-and-a-half years after her death technically, and the money was gone. Going by the odd amount, and mentally calculating how much a young muggleborn witch was probably making working part-time during a war in the scant four years she had after graduating Hogwarts and her death… Harry had a sinking, burning suspicion that that money had been his mother’s entire life’s savings in the wizarding world.

The ‘Potter’ family as in his father’s bloodline had a significant amount of money that the will could’ve just said ‘fund it forever’. But it wasn’t James Potter’s foundation, it was something Mr. Malfoy explicitly said Lily Potter had started in honor of a friend. It was a foundation that was only given to muggleborns specifically, and given she was a muggleborn who’d married into a pureblood line… Harry could read between the lines.

Yet it was gone years ago, because Dumbledore was up to something. He was putting one hand in each pie by being the one to increase tuition, yet also being the one preventing the Ministry from matching it, very purposefully putting it onto the shoulders of the students themselves to pay up—when the Ministry would pay for it according to their own charter.

As corrupt as it was, it was also… boring?

It just seemed so beneath Albus Dumbledore to stoop to embezzling of all the things. There had to be a better way in the already-corrupt wizarding world than something so cartoonishly, stereotypically evil. Normal evil somehow, like a pedestrian criminal. He was a royal bastard but the headmaster wasn’t pedestrian with his plots by any means—his cleverness and intricately crafted schemes were what made him such a bastard and this felt a little too direct and ordinary for him.

What made no sense on any planet was how the actual bludger no Slytherin family hadn’t used this to bury the man by now. Sebastian Greengrass knew he had the secret majority in Wizengamont, so surely pretty much every pureblood snake out there did too, right?

But then the obvious plot hole in this assumption hit him.

“Axeclaw, how do purebloods afford this tuition?”

“Excuse me?” He lifted a brow at the sudden request.

“Not to be blunt, but the Weasley family definitely cannot afford to send five kids to Hogwarts if they can’t afford new textbooks every year. And they don’t qualify for this scholarship, so how do purebloods do it? People like the Malfoys are one thing, but if the price keeps going up one would think someone like say the Greengrass family or the like would be out to strike a deal instead of paying full price.”

The goblin just folded his hands in front of him with a wicked grin.

“You are correct—most purebloods have arrangements with Hogwarts to cover their tuition in… other ways. Most of those methods are not financial in nature, although what it is per family is between them and the school.”

That’s why the clause for this fund is NOT to be pureblood: because purebloods aren’t paying it. That’s why Mom was so blatant about the condition… because it IS unfair and she was trying to fix the balance.

Even if Lily Evans had not known about Dumbledore’s active ploy here, she was still a muggleborn of average muggle family wealth and aware that there were fees and financial struggles associated with going to a magical school out of nowhere. Marrying James Potter or even earlier she probably found out quick that purebloods and those with family wealth and prior connection to the wizarding world got out of those fees, so it was just the muggleborns suffering. She probably just recognized it as something unfair about the wizarding world (since there were so many other issues it probably blended right in) and sought to balance the power dynamic a little by funding the muggleborn fees so that no one was even paying this tuition anymore. Pretty much only her before… and now her son if he chose to continue the legacy.

It was all a farce though, because Dumbledore wasn’t lying to the Ministry when he said ‘it was under control’, because he did not need the money for the school. Of course it was under control, he was artificially upping the tuition cost to create a fake sense of importance over Hogwarts’ education, but the Ministry already paid him enough to run the school in the first place.

Now that Harry thought about it, Dumbledore probably could give a shit about the actual money he was embezzling. He was probably way more interested in getting whatever deals the pureblood families had done to get out of the fees, and all he wanted to do by this is create those situations in which even the most Slytherin of the Slytherins had to deal with him. Create situations where he could benevolently waive the tuition as a favor here and there to garner goodwill and respect… a sense of gratitude and ‘I owe you one’ from people who bought into it. Harry wouldn’t be shocked if no one actually ended up paying the tuition naturally, or if Dumbledore waived it for pretty much everyone— which is how he earned so much good faith to almost everyone before they even got to Hogwarts.

On the other hand he also wouldn’t be shocked if there were quite a few people lining Dumbledore’s pockets directly. How he operated almost entirely off of the parents of muggleborns who had no idea they weren’t funding their child’s education. It did make him a little sick to realize just how many purebloods and half-bloods were, on the most part, outright taking advantage of their ignorance too.

And suddenly he got a horrifying thought.

“Wait, I’m paying tuition, right!?”

Axeclaw scoffed. “Yes. You would not have seen it on your statements as James Potter made a large donation to Hogwarts upon your birth that more than covered tuition for all your remaining years. The previous arrangement the Potter family had was withdrawn when Charles and Dorea Potter passed and left James Potter as the heir of the family. He officially canceled the deal himself, so far as I’m aware.”

“And out of curiosity, what was the deal?”

“That the Potter family would provide suitable Defense Against the Dark Arts professors so long as Hogwarts had need of them.”

Harry could only stare at that.

You’ve got to be kidding me. Dad broke a deal and Hogwarts was NEVER able to freaking fix it? Also, what kind of twisted shit is this, that the Potter kids never had to pay tuition so long as one of them or a friend was always employed? Free tuition for a whole family in exchange for a job?

That math sucked.

It also reeked of nepotism, and it ticked him off.

Especially because if the Potters, a supposed light family, had this kind of deal until Harry assumed Lily Evans got involved, there was no saying what some of the pureblood, darker Slytherin families had done. And Dumbledore liked to claim he was so benevolent; Harry wasn’t sure what the general public would think if this were common knowledge.

Or maybe it was common knowledge and no one cared since they profited off those who were ignorant.

That pissed him off even more.

Axeclaw noticed his rising blood pressure and tapped the desk pointedly. “Do you intend to reactive the foundation? If so which accounts would you like to draw from?” He brought it back to the original question.

He wanted to say no—so badly he did, because it was essentially directly paying Dumbledore for his stupid scheme. He’d taken his mother’s money and now wanted to continue to take his family’s money since he didn’t really consider most of it ‘his’ in an odd way.

Actually…

He sat up as he got an idea.

“I still have well over half a million galleons on the royalties of those books people wrote about me, right?”

“You do.” Axeclaw nodded. “The renegotiation of the royalty fee was quite successful, so profit has been maintained even if sales are lower in recent years.”

“Use that money for the Foundation—also increase the offer to cover all the required school supplies as well. Still only to full muggleborns.”

“Of course,” Axeclaw took note on the parchment waiting in front of him smoothly.

“A requirement though,” He corrected, mischief flaring sharply. “Is that the Foundation will only cover materials bought in Contrair Alley. And however you get in contact with the new muggleborns their first year, I want to provide each of them some basic starting materials—I’ll provide a full list later. When will you know who they are?”

“The list should be published officially in the Ministry by next June. In most cases Hogwarts will have known about them already since the day they were born, but they do not need to officially declare the incoming class until Hogwarts submits the headcount needed for Ministry subsidization.”

“I’ll have you the list by this May then to source all the right materials.” He declared, already mentally reciting what he needed to put into a letter to Bethany. He wanted all the books Draco had helped point him towards as a standard package, like Latin for Dummies and A Brief Hogwarts History that Bethany herself wrote as a much-condensed and more helpful version of Hogwarts, A History.

People had made money off of him without his permission so he was going to use that to follow his mother’s footsteps in evening the playing field for some people. If Diagon took a financial hit by losing about a third of their expected back-to-school sales, all the better for his sense of pettiness.

He’d already had Axeclaw invest in several Contrair shops after all, so boosting their economy would hopefully only be a good thing for everyone involved. The old money purebloods in Diagon didn’t need a single knut more, so far as he was concerned.

“I’ll see it done then.”

“One more question, about business in general,” He thankfully remembered one of the main reasons he’d come outside of the other very alarming topics discussed thus far. “I heard there was a tea tasting this Easter and am interested in how it all works so I might attend. Not to buy or trade anything yet but I want to learn to someday do exactly that.” He announced, and clearly the goblin liked the idea by how far his eyebrows raised.

“Anything I can do to assist, please let me know.”

That’s the politest he’s ever been. There must be a LOT of money in tastings then.

“First thing’s first, I’ve already gotten questions about restarting the ‘Potter business’, but I’m not sure what it was my family did.” He confessed—clearly Axeclaw was thrilled with this topic though as he sat up and pressed his hands flat against the desk top cleanly.

“The past two generations of Potters did not pursue the trade so it has long-since been dormant. You would not have seen any documentation for it in your Gringotts statements or the reports I provided since all deals and previously established connections have since expired. The ‘Potter business’ does not currently exist, but perhaps the reputation it once had is still alluring to some.” He preambled curtly before getting to the point. “The trade was potion ingredients. Rare ones. It originated in the 12th century with a Linfred of Stinchcombe who was an avid potioneer that established the initial Potter family wealth with the potions he invented. In future generations occasionally there are descendants that also create potions or products that multiply the family wealth, which was then passed down to what it is today. Even outside of those generations that hold an inventor, the Potter family was historically avid in the potion ingredient trade, specializing in certain ingredients that are extraordinarily rare to obtain. Not just expensive, but merely too rare to even put a price on.”

No wonder the grey heirs were salivating over the idea. It was something not even their wealth or connections could give them—they had to have a connection to me specifically, Harry Potter, with access to the Potter family trade to get these ingredients it sounded like. Which would be GREAT if not for the fact I have no idea how it was my ancestors got them in the first place.

“Let’s just say I’m interested,” He admitted bluntly, ignoring the frankly creepy grin he got in return at the news. “I don’t suppose you have any idea how my ancestors got those ingredients in the first place?”

The goblin lost his grin immediately. “I do not. If you do not have the information then perhaps it is stored in the Potter vault.”

“Which I don’t have access to until I’m 17.” He concluded, meaning his grand plans of getting into business was going to have to be put on hold for a little bit. He wasn’t too mad about it as he wasn’t sure he wanted to take all that on at this age anyway—he’d just been talked into learning more muggle subjects than just Chemistry, and after going over the lesson plans with Remus and learning what it’d really take to get his GCSEs and maybe an A-level if it came to that, he thought maybe he should just focus on that for now.

“I’m still interested but I have enough going on right now then, I’ll revisit this later after I attend a couple tastings.” He decided.

“Very well,” the goblin curbed his enthusiasm but seemed satisfied by the promise of ‘someday’.

I was about to say five years would probably fly by, but at the rate I’m going maybe I won’t even live to be 17… let’s not tell Axeclaw that, I’d hate to burst his bubble. I’ve never seen him this happy.

“Is that all, Mr. Potter?”

“One last thing: I want to visit the Monroe vault.”

000

To his joy, he found Remus in Bethany’s Books, peacefully minding his own business.

It shouldn’t be such a relief to find a grown man paging through a book curiously, perfectly alone in a public shop, but suffice to say Harry was in fact very relieved.

“Moony!” He greeted happily, thankful to be done with his once-loved hobby of shopping.

The werewolf looked up, smiling automatically. “Harry… did you get everything you needed?”

“Yep!” he confirmed, patting his bottomless bag securely at his side. “That should be everything—now it’s just a matter of wrapping all of that.” He half complained… wrapping was much less interesting than the actual obtaining of the gift unfortunately.

“Well we have plenty of time to get to it, and I might know a spell or two that’ll make it go quick,” Remus winked and Harry perked up at the reminder that magic had the ability to make the most tedious tasks much easier. He wanted to know that spell even if he couldn’t use it outside of Hogwarts just yet as it seemed like one of those real handy ones.

“Yay!” He cheered, but then couldn’t stop himself from asking. “Did you like Contrair so far?”

“I did, actually.” Remus smiled down at him, gold eyes glinting saying he knew exactly what Harry was asking. “I haven’t run into anyone just yet, but then again I haven’t gone very far either. I mostly was just here reading… this place has an interesting collection for sure.”

“Did you meet Bethany?” He asked, leaning through an aisle and seeing the woman in question curled up behind he till—where she’d put a large comfy armchair and was actively nose-deep in a book herself right now.

“I did not… you’re familiar?” Moony tilted his head—attempting to look around too but Harry stopped him with just his head around the aisle to see where she was, but still kind of hide away from her.

“I mean kind of… she’s super chatty. Really nice but a lot like Hermione that if you catch her in a conversation on a topic she’s fixated on she won’t stop until you break it off by physically walking away. She’s really knowledgeable and taught me a lot about Latin the first time I was here and buying beginner Latin books, but it also took forty minutes to leave. I do suggest meeting her as she’s really helpful but ah… maybe not today.”

“You want to go home,” Remus called him out, amused, and Harry pouted.

“Please?”

“Of course. I’ll put this back then,” He chuckled, returning the book he was holding to it’s shelf. “No other stops then?”

“Nothing for Christmas, no… although, I have to go back to Gringotts two days after Christmas if you don’t mind,” He admitted. Moony put his book back and turned, looking surprised.

“Is everything alright?”

“Yeah, just all that financial stuff… Draco’s been teaching me about it and Axeclaw, the Potter account manager, needs my approval on a ton of stuff to keep things okay.” He kind of skirted around any solid truths, knowing he didn’t really want to share the details but also not being able to completely lie to Remus either. “Since my parents died suddenly there were things left open that have gotten troublesome in the years since. Did you know my mom started a charity?”

He kind of blurted it out, half thinking Remus would already know about it… but by how sharply he turned and the alarm on his face, apparently he had in fact not known.

“She did?” He blinked.

“Yeah! But uh, since no one has been attending to it, it’s kind of a mess right now. With what Draco taught me about financial stuff I want to get it going again as soon as I can. It’s a scholarship fund for muggleborns who can’t pay the Hogwarts’ tuition and the list of next year’s students is decided this June so I want to do it before I go back to school if possible! Most of it is things I need to sign in person unfortunately.”

He danced around the real truths… getting so deep into ‘technically not a lie’ that even he knew he was full of bullshit but… he couldn’t help it. He was pretty much outright lying and manipulating his unofficial godfather, what with the financial troubles reminder, the callback to his parents, playing on a Gryffindor’s dedication to their friends… he might be a werewolf but he was also a weak-spined lion, and would never be able to properly argue against this argument.

He could tell the exact second his ploy worked and talk of supporting financially struggling muggleborns melted the werewolf’s heart—and therefore his suspicions.

If Harry felt guilty he just shoved it down, telling himself he’d make up for it by giving him Sirius back.

Moony seemed to need a moment to collect himself before a smile made an almost pointed appearance on his face.

“I think it’s admirable you’re trying to follow in her footsteps. We’ll have to come back after Christmas then.” He agreed, and Harry smiled his best carefree smile and tried to not let it show how much the dread at the blood rituals ate at his stomach.

“It’s getting late, so we should go yeah?” He changed the subject back to their plans, eagerly bouncing next to the man to cling to his arm as if he could apparate them back right then and there. As much as he liked shopping and Contrair in particular… he just wanted to go home right now. The idea that they didn’t have to leave again until the holiday finally arrived and even afterwards filled him with a type of excitement he’d never really had before.

Moony chuckled, before putting a calming hand on his head to settle his bouncing.

“We should be going, yes, however—I had one more idea for today, if you were interested.”

His tone was warm and sounded even a little excited, and Harry picked up on it immediately, getting on board fast.

“Like what?”



Chapter End Notes

Remus:

She Used to be Mine (Jessie Mueller)

Rabbit Hole (Mindy Gledhill)





Chapter 64: Book 2 : Envy : 31


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Draco was bored.

It didn’t take a full three days of winter break for him to lose steam on the excitement of being home for the holiday, as while he loved his parents there was just so much more to do at Hogwarts than at home. More people to talk to, he should say, since as much as he liked talking to his parents he also knew he was not quite on their level so far as their way with words went. Now that he’d gotten used to actually using every lesson he’d ever been taught against other real people (and ultimately realized how bad he was at it all honestly) it was much less fun being forever on the losing side against his parents.

Because his mother and father were clearly on the same team and could read each other’s minds apparently, so Draco didn’t even start with them. Which meant he’d defaulted back to pure honesty where he could, and choosing not to bring up other topics he didn’t want discovered since he had no hope of actually hiding anything from them… like his lessons with Madam Pomfrey specifically.

It had happened organically that his holiday ended up being mostly spent in his room or the potions room his parents had given him, but he’d tried his best not to be too much of a nerd given he already lacked a lot of the social ability his housemates had. It’s just that there wasn’t anyone to talk to in order to practice his own way with words and everything he was currently planning was still years in the making: there was nothing to physically do during this break but… study?

It's just, since Harry wasn’t coming over things felt a lot more lackluster than he’d been hoping they’d be. He’d already established all his gifts either before leaving Hogwarts or within their first trip into Diagon, gotten everything ready for both that and what his mother asked him to prepare for the party. That hadn’t taken him long at all though and since it still felt like there were just so many hours in the day to use up, he’d defaulted back to his childhood activity of playing quidditch on their lands.

But even flying had lost all of its thrill when he was suddenly once again stuck to just imagining his opponents. Now that he’d been on the house team, attended real practices and gone through real games, solo practice alone in the air on his broom somehow seemed to be negative fun compared to what it used to be. Compared to playing with his team or practicing with Harry, just being there in the air felt more like standing still than doing anything important right now. He still liked flying on its own, but just hanging out in the air and maybe practicing some sprints and basic exercises did not fill up the entire afternoons for him like it once did, and he actually managed to get tired of it when his body got tired too. It was an unwelcome first for him.

His next choice of activity was usually bothering other people… but it was at that point he realized just how isolated Malfoy Manor really was. He hadn’t quite realized just how alone he was growing up a single child in a Slytherin world where ‘friendships’ had to be useful to his parents first, and his mother and father didn’t actually have a use for anyone.

He could bother his friends, but there was almost no chance Nott would respond and Blaise was undoubtedly insanely busy now that he was under his mother’s thumb once more—he would very much not appreciate even the minor distraction a letter would be when he needed to keep both eyes firmly on Lady Zabini right now. The normal invite was either to go shopping or come over to the manor, but since they were going to be seeing each other at the Yule party anyway, even he knew that felt a little dense, socially. They weren’t Gryffindors who hung out without a reason… even if maybe Draco kind of wanted to.

Since he’d rather die than admit that though, he was stuck just sitting in the Manor until the party which was still over a week away. He couldn’t even write to the Gryffindor who’d accept his boredom, as Harry was off visiting his werewolf godfather or whatever and had warned he’d be out of communication pretty much the whole break. They still had their journals but… they hadn’t used them since the summer and Draco sensed that was very much on purpose, as something was silently there preventing them from bringing it up again. A couple weeks break was not long enough to push them to be ready to use them again, apparently.

No quidditch, no friends to bother… he even ended up doing his homework in it’s entirety as he knew if he acted bored around his mother, the first thing she’d ask was if he did it or not. With it out of the way though he was now fully out of things to do.

Even without his friends, he did have his parents’ whole attention if he wanted it… it’s just, he kind of didn’t.

Which sort of rolled into his last remaining option to occupy his time: his studies in healing.

It’d been an impulse not to tell Severus, but now faced with his parents in just the other room or questioning how his day had gone when he’d just been occupying himself the entire time, he found himself actively not bringing it up to them. There were many reasons, he told himself… his mother could say it was too dangerous or his father could say it was too pedestrian or light-minded an activity and make him stop. They could start to give input into what he should be doing with his ability, or try to pile on more information if they for some reason knew any healing themselves.

He just… didn’t want to hear it though.

It was just a hobby, but it was his hobby. Madam Pomfrey was the authority on the topic to him and he respected his parents too much not to listen to their input if they had any, but he very much did not want to get caught between those two forces. At least that’s what he was telling himself and would maintain if caught.

Besides, while he ended up cracking open the texts Madam Pomfrey had given him and revising the journal he’d started to keep on his healing notations out of boredom, it also played a part into his long term goals so… he was killing two birds with one stone while he was at it. It just so happened that it also ended up being the only interesting thing of the entire break filled with quiet, empty days so he ended up spending a lot of time on it.

His tutors growing up had beaten strict note-taking practices into him, emphasizing having a new journal for each subject and how to properly organize it. The subject of healing was a little less straightforward as everything overlapped in some ways but there were different categories he could break them out into. The physical body and how it worked was one, how magic worked with the body was another, and then even his spellwork practice which was pretty much a new topic entirely as he was attempting to do the traditional spells a unique way with his ability. Even the physical body though could be broken out into completely separate journals, once for bones, one for blood, an entire one just for the heart or the brain… yeah he had a lot of journals going suddenly, and it started to make more sense why the Madam had an office with the walls entirely lined in them.

It was kind of cathartic though, refreshing in a way to start a new journal and slowly fill it out, categorizing his growing knowledge into buckets he could detail out as much as he wanted to help him study and memorize it all.

He also got creative with it, going through his expansive potions books and splitting them out into a new journal, collecting all the potions he thought relevant to the task of healing and trying to connect what he knew the ingredients did to the exact function of the human body they were supposed to interact with. While he knew a lot less on the topic he also started one for healing charms as well although… since a lot of his spellwork was him trying to figure out the right pattern in cups of water he ended up with a desk full of parchments he was doing a lot of trial-and-error with, only saving the precious few he finally got right into their appropriate journal.

He did genuinely like learning how the human body worked, thankfully over the initial squeamishness of blood and organs relatively quickly, and soon he found himself up probably too late at night, not because he was reading quidditch magazines for the tenth time, but instead books on anatomy because it felt like there was more to the puzzle he was determined to figure out before he called it a night. The texts Madam Pomfrey had let him borrow went into all the basics, but also had in-depth tangents on how bodily functions worked, like a big contraption of many complicated parts. Being of a previously-dark Slytherin house, the skull décor around Malfoy Manor was pretty common and suddenly he was noticing which skulls were anatomically correct and which were clearly some artist rendition… he also noticed one in one of his mother’s sitting room that he was slowly become more and more sure was an actual human skull. He could even tell about how old they were and that they were once female too, which was… both eerie but also very cool of his own abilities.

And of his mother.

Unexpected hazards aside, he liked having knowledge in this area (an expertise in something for once), he liked understanding more about health and how to fix broken things like a puzzle that just needed the right skill to achieve. It was nice that even if he didn’t know how to do everything, the scope of work was easily understandable… he could learn the basics now and get an idea of how far he had to go to be able to actually do some of the things he was reading about.

He was also happy to break up the reading, interesting as it was, with practicing the beginner spells he’d been taught in a cup of water. Very quickly he established that size meant strength, so when trying to trial-and-error a new one he had one of the house elves bring him a thimble, and the tiny cup allowed him to quickly try many different tactics until he got close to the right pattern, letting him then increase the size of the cup and practice it again and again to get the power and speed down too. The relation to size was also a good warning to him, as Madam Pomfrey wanted him to be able to create the exact ripple pattern on a cup in less than a second… which would mean if he tried this on a full human, which was physically more than a cup of water, it would take him many seconds and much more power too. The goal was not ‘a cup of water in less than a second’… the goal was a human being, which meant he needed to be able to do it to a cup of water instantly, and several dozen times in a row, and then maybe he’d be able to do it to a human.

It was difficult, tedious work, but with understanding of his first spell, figuring out how to get the correct pattern of other spells went much faster. Then it was a matter of drilling it constantly until it worked.

He did NOT like being oh so very close to nailing down a new spell in his thimble, only for his hands to start to shake and a now very familiar sense of coldness seeping down the back of his neck telling him he was running low on magic. A couple times he switched back to reading until he’d rested enough, but he hated needing to leave something unfinished and found it was much harder to switch gears back to absorbing text when he’d just been focused on practical work. He liked reading of course but he liked doing way more, and when he was close to not only doing something but succeeding at something, it ate at him like a parasite that wouldn’t stop clawing at his stomach.

He knew better than to push himself into magical exhaustion though, as not only would his parents find out, so would Madam Pomfrey (somehow, he knew she would) and both of them would halt this hobby of his in its tracks since he couldn’t be trusted to be responsible with the knowledge. He also knew that this was all part of the “learning healing” process, since the act of reaching his limits and trying again on a new day would slowly but surely increase his magical core capacity over time, which was a key factor in one day actually being able to heal a full human body.

Now that he’d read a bit more into magical core theory though, he knew that that slow process wasn’t just slow... it would take years for him given his age and current magical core size. When this frustration of his own limits first became a real annoyance he’d actually done the test himself which required nothing special but the right medication technique—and he had cheated and used his wand instead of trying to figure out how to do it with just his ability because he needed to know his core size and at what rate he recovered magic to know how soon he could get back to practicing. The results were not stellar, as he was perfectly average for a twelve-year-old, which on one hand was okay he supposed… but it also meant it would take over 24 hours to fully be back to his ‘full’ magical core capacity, and that each time he reached the shaky-hand stage, he was really only giving himself maybe 15 to 20 seconds additional time until he reached it again compared to last time. Doing that calculation was pretty demoralizing to realize he could work constantly for a full week and even in the best case scenario would only give himself at best two minutes of extra time while he worked until his magic ran out again.

He could only go just under two hours of his thimble practice until he ran out of magic. If he were practicing a spell he already knew in a cup of water, even accounting for the fact he was probably much more refined with how much magic he was using since he wasn’t just blindly searching for the right pattern, he could still only go for about 50 minutes. Since he liked to know his goals he’d decided that ‘being a healer’ meant, to most people probably, working at St. Mungos for let’s say… and 8-hour shift (although Madam Pomfrey had implied young healers never got such nice working hours unfortunately). That meant if he exhausted his magic every single day then he would get another hour of practice every 30 weeks or so. If the goal was to get to at least 8 hours then that was around three and a half years… not accounting for the fact he was practicing on a single cup of water, not a full human body, and the spells he was learning now were the absolute basics… they would only get harder and require more and more magic as time went on. Even in a thimble his trial-and-error method wasted so much magic because he didn’t know what he was looking for in the spell until he found it by feel, and with the spells undoubtedly going to get more complicated and cumbersome… three and a half years seemed like the bare minimum of time it’d take to get there, but it’d take much, much longer most likely.

All of that was also not counting the fact he couldn’t just spend all his magic in a day on healing, he also had other classes while at Hogwarts and other magic to learn and be tested on and use on a daily basis. Defense Against the Dark Arts and— embarrassingly enough given who his best friend was—Transfiguration were not his strong suits and would no doubt take a lot of his time and effort while in school. They did have the priority after all, since healing was just his hobby.

He knew he was not accounting for the fact that his core would naturally grow as he grew up as well, as you wouldn’t know the final size of a magical core until the body was at least twenty-five years old or so, but that was too hard a variable to account for in his impatient calculations here. He was just doing it because he was frustrated with his pace, not because he wanted an exact day he felt like he’d ‘made it’… he doubted that day would ever come with how much he had to learn, but he wanted a general idea of how long the road ahead of him was.

And it was long, let’s leave it at that.

So… while he couldn’t push himself to exhaustion, he was a budding healer and the ultimate goal was to actually use these skills on someone someday sooo… why not test it on himself?

While she hadn’t explicitly shown him how to do it yet, he had seen her use a healer’s journal and was very tempted to give it a shot himself. It wasn’t a file, which was a person’s medical history and should be consolidated and passed along to the next healer that treated that person, but instead a personal record for the healer themselves. A journal of sorts one would log their daily activities, where they would write out how they puzzled together the right diagnoses and the corresponding potions, charm, or spell needed to treat it. Once the correct (or even incorrect) treatment was given, then the ultimate outcome was copied cleanly into the file for proper documentation.

The Madam had insisted that doing too much ‘in your head’ was a dangerous game to play as you could miss something… having a practice of writing it out and double checking for basic as well as complicated things helped prevent making mistakes or overlooking simple, routine things as well as the unique and difficult ones too. Doing the same exercise for every single patient, the same checklist no matter who or what it was, and having it be an ingrained habit is what made nebulous knowledge a healer may or may not have into something usable and consistently accurate in practice. The fact she still did it for every patient that came through the Hospital Wing’s doors meant Draco had been paying close attention, and he knew that if one of the best healers in the world was doing it even for diagnosing simple calming drafts to an anxious third year, then he wanted to get into the practice of it too.

And since he had a patient that needed assistance (himself) he figured it was best to start somewhere after all…

He played around with what format he wanted to use, knowing he had to keep it concise and to one page per treatment if possible so diagnosing didn’t take forever when he was put on the spot. Using himself as the test subject he filled out all the information he knew he’d need if he were looking at someone else with the same issue of ‘insufficient magical core capacity’… and made his first diagnoses.

Luckily, he had full access to a brewing set up and any ingredients he ever needed or wanted to practice potions with, and since he was quite confident in his ability, he started making nutrient, pepper-up, and mild magic-enhancing potions for himself. All of which had minor core-expanding properties temporarily while they lasted and would not interfere with each other, so he could take all three and gain almost two full hours of extra practice time with his thimble, though only an additional hour or so on a full cup of water. Going by how fast he regained magic after using it, he could do that twice a day—once every twelve hours or so with no magic use in between and be perfectly fine.

While he was skirting Madam Pomfrey’s rules on a technicality, Severus’ rule was to never consume something he’d brewed unsupervised without getting his personal clearance it was safe, and Draco knew his parents assumed he was sticking to that when they saw him brewing in their potions room for hours on end… he just didn’t tell anyone that wasn’t the case.

He was hanging out with too many Gryffindors apparently.

So if he were breaking rules anyway… frankly he was more scared of Madam Pomfrey than Severus so he was just going to proceed and pretend his godfather would never find out about this. The Madam didn’t seem to be chatting with the potions master about this hobby of his for now anyway, so while he did just assume she would somehow know he was getting more practice in than was strictly possible with his core size and how many hours in a day there were, he doubted she’d do more than frown at him and would probably not rat him out to the man who taught him potions in the first place.

Besides, he wouldn’t do it if he weren’t completely confident in his potion brewing ability. Severus had even said himself that Draco was easily third-year level of potion crafting at the end of last school year, with his knowledge being that of a fourth-year before even starting at Hogwarts even! The entire point of learning this healing stuff and potion brewing was to use it on others someday, and he would never be ready to give them to others if he wasn’t confident in consuming them himself.

It's just that, well, he was confident in drinking his own potions, at least these three which he’d been confident on for over a year already, amongst others. He’d be fully confident giving them to Harry even, which was the metric he knew for certain meant he was as sure of the quality of these potions as he could possibly be. Yes he was still young, and maybe Severus had not taught him potion-making with the true intention of ever thinking they were ‘good enough’, but more as a hobby himself that he never intended to go anywhere with other than ensure his godson did the best in his class out of the rest of Slytherin house…

But Draco sure as hell intended to go somewhere with the knowledge he’d been given and he was impatient enough to want to start now.

Some of his housemates brewed potions to give to others in exchange for trades, and no one thought it weird after all. He saw no reason not to brew potions to use on himself, not even to give to others and risk anyone besides his own health! Severus’ rule was just outdated, he decided for himself… a remnant from when he was six and learning the pepper-up potion for the first time and routinely doing it terribly. Not now that he was twice that age and having had it mastered years ago.

So he broke the rule… a first for him, in a lot of ways. Slytherins weren’t supposed to care about rules, more specifically laws, but even the people who taught him that fact undoubtedly still believed he would follow their rules… for some reason. For a long while he did, he would’ve actually… uncaring about Hogwarts or Ministry rules since day one but still unwaveringly listening to his parents and Severus because he loved and respected them deeply. The idea he would disobey any of them felt… bad, to put it bluntly, but he’d never really encountered a moment where what he wanted went directly against what they’d been telling him. They had always been on his side after all, their advice was to help him get what he wanted, not prevent it.

For the first time he realized that might not be the case… not due to any of their faults but mainly because they didn’t currently know what he wanted since he was wasn’t telling them about his studies.

So he was disobeying, yes. It felt weird for sure, but he didn’t exactly feel guilty either since this is what he wanted and Slytherins were supposed to go after the things they wanted. He knew Severus would forgive him if it ever came to that, though he also wouldn’t feel that bad if he never found out either.

He was self-reflective enough to know that Harry had been disobeying the world since the very first moment they met and hadn’t ever given a single shit since he’d probably been doing whatever he wanted for years at that point. The fact Draco himself was fast approaching thirteen before the thought to disobey his mentors even occurred to him made him wonder just exactly where the stereotype that Gryffindors were ‘rule followers’ and Slytherins were ‘dissenters’ actually came from. Or was it because lions were the ones typically making the rules and snakes had their own game with different rules that the two things never really lined up?

He was ignoring that for now, it made his temple twitch to think too long on it.

With this new initiative and a lot of time to kill over break, it didn’t take long to get into a habit. Wake up, have breakfast (or lunch honestly, since he was a late riser) with his parents if they weren’t out for the day, go out and fly on his broom to get a work-out in if not refine his skills some. Then come in and freshen up, read some to get into the mindset, take his potions then either practice his thimble work to find a new spell on the list the Madam had given him or on a full cup of a spell he already knew, and once he was out of magic take a break and have a snack or read some more… then head to his potions room to fix up his recovery potions. He could make two days’ worth of potions in one go so every other day he skipped this step to just read more or continue working on his journals. Dinner with his parents was always a quiet affair yet a nice break to actually talk to people instead of living in his own head for an entire day, and then afterwards, late into the night he’d get his second wind and, potions downed, would practice again until he was out of magic once more. Off to sleep, then rinse and repeat every day, and finally the break seemed to be move quicker instead of dragging on in boredom.

It was this act of diagnosing himself with exhaustion from trying his drills too often and self-prescribing a fixed sleep schedule and potion regiment for himself to help increase his pace of practice that sunk home how… nice, it was.

There was a problem and he could fix it with the knowledge he had.

When the people around him were struggling with things, most of the time he had no idea what the problem even was much less any idea of how to fix it. And he very desperately wanted to fix it if he could, it’s just… that’s never how it worked.

Most people neither wanted nor needed his help.

Things like broken bones or sick stomachs though… maybe people would actually accept his help if it were tangible things like that, things he could fix in an instant if he had the knowledge and skill of how to do that. As the weeks progressed he found satisfaction in that he was making progress, he was slowly getting there to the point he would have that knowledge and skill someday… to actually help if someone needed it.

The break seemed to fly by then, Draco finally satisfied with his days and even missing having friends or just more people besides his parents to talk to, found he didn’t mind the new pace he was living at all.

000

“I can’t believe you let me do this—do you regret it now?” Harry couldn’t help but tease, Moony just rolling his eyes as he set their hot chocolates down on the coffee table and took a seat on the rug beside him.

“Not at all. I like it: it’s much more like a home than before I think.” They observed their work with varying levels of excitement, but a shared joy nonetheless. “Thank you Harry.”

“No problem!” He cheered, fully satisfied with their afternoon’s work in a way he’d never been before. He’d been tired after the ordeal that was the alleys, and usually Remus insisted they did something calm with their evenings so he thought this would be much more active chore than normal when he first suggested it, but it hadn’t been that hard in the end.

Magic made things much easier after all.

And ‘chore’ was overstating it, as Harry had had a ton of fun doing it—like he’d been waiting his whole life to be asked to redecorate. Much less with a werewolf at his disposal who was pretty good with color changing charms and not that bad at Transfiguration himself (since Harry couldn’t currently use magic) to make pretty much whatever he was trying to imagine come to life. He’d had a grand old time bossing Remus around to ‘do this’, ‘change this color’, even walking him through the Transfiguration principle Harry had discovered to change existing materials properties to make the couch and cushions and blankets fuzzier and softer.

He didn’t go crazy with it like he was sure most people thought he would if given the chance, but just because he liked to dress with a lot of color didn’t mean he wanted all that in his face on the walls too. He’d gone with a lovely forest green for the walls, with deep orange and gold accents for everything else since the furniture was already mostly a dark wood and he thought it all went together very well. Remus had even let him rearrange the furniture itself (finally, an actually good use of the levitating charm) to what Harry considered a more comfortable layout with the living room area now centered around the small tree they’d taken from the woods outside and decorated with paper stars. Moony also had a stash of interesting collectables, past gifts, pictures, and paintings that were just sitting on his shelves or in a box in his room that Harry had great fun hanging on the walls as proper decoration instead of just being clutter, and it all came together to be a much homier place than before. It had already been pretty cozy to be fair, but now it felt Christmas homey and also had a lot of his own whacky sense of style to it too instead of just being strictly functional and comfortable.

He basked not only in the joy of his successful handywork, but also in the praise and gratitude. That Remus had actually asked for his help and then just trusted him to do whatever, promising that he could just revert it all when he moved out in less than a minute with magic, had given him a freedom he hasn’t tasted before.

But he loved it.

He’d been so focusing on getting out of the muggle world by any means necessary, no matter where he ended up needing to go in order to do it, it never really occurred to him to think about where it would be. If Sirius did get free, obviously Moony would still be part of his life… he hoped. After that though, one day he wouldn’t need any guardians at all and he was rich enough that literally the day he turned seventeen he could just go out and buy a house or something. He could do this again, with his own place… he could make a home himself without needing to beg anyone else for the privilege of living there.

He loved a lot of people and loved living with them. Draco, Neville, Remus… but there was something to be said about having his own space. Like the apartment back in Contrair; he could’ve decorated that probably. If he’d been in a better headspace he might’ve, but all he’d been focused on at the time was survival.

It wasn’t that he didn’t love being with people, but this exercise had introduced the thought that someday he’d have a place in this world that was just his and he could make it however he wanted it to be… and well, he couldn’t wait for that day. No matter what happened with Sirius or his relatives, in four and a half years he’d get the chance and no one could stop him. He was excited in a breathless way, but tried to stamp down on it given he’d been at Hogwarts less than two years and already that time felt like a lifetime… almost five more seemed an eternity.

“Do you really like the colors? It’s not too much?”

“Of course not, I told you I don’t have much of a preference and I think this turned out very nice. The green is very fitting for the forest too; perhaps I should get some plants to liven it up some more.” Moony reassured him.

“That might be nice. House plants are always a good addition—I’m trying to convince Neville to bring more into our dorm room but he’d worried about them getting damaged.”

“The Gryffindor boys’ dorm isn’t historically known for being a calm place I suppose.” Moony allowed.

Harry snickered from the truth of it all. He liked to think himself pretty organized but if they were playing an exploding snap game or Dean and Seamus were arguing about one of their quidditch teams and it resorted to wrestling, or Seamus got a little too bold and attempted to do his (inevitably explosive) Charms homework in their room, then all bets were off real quick.

They chatted some more, dinner done and enjoying the new feel the small place had. This was about the time they either read or played some card games before Remus always managed to get him into bed somehow, so it was kind of a surprise when instead of picking out a book the werewolf seemed to pause as if considering something, and then suddenly returned to an earlier topic.

“Harry…”

“Hm?”

“Would you tell me more about that charity you mentioned earlier?”

Harry blinked, not exactly having expected that. To his chagrin, him bringing it up was mainly a deflection away from Remus asking why he needed to go back to Gringotts later, not the main point, so he hadn’t mentally prepared a ton to share about it. It couldn’t hurt to explain that one though… hopefully.

He stuck to the basics though, so he didn’t fumble at being put on the spot.

“Ah, yeah… it’s called the Eileen Prince Foundation. Apparently my mom started it but by the math Axeclaw gave me it ran out of funds when I was like three. People published books about me apparently though and Axeclaw got a bunch of royalties from them in my name so I’m going to use that money to fund it going forward.”

“That’s very clever of you,” Remus smiled along, not seeming alarmed so Harry felt a little more confident to continue.

“I don’t like the books in the first place so using the money for a good cause just worked out,” He shrugged. “The foundation itself as Mom put it only applies to muggleborns, so purebloods can’t use it. I also asked Axeclaw to change the terms as well that the foundation will pay for not only tuition but all school supplies as well—only if they’re bought in Contrair though. Diagon gets enough business and is frankly not that helpful with the introductory stuff for muggleborns, but getting my stuff in Contrair first year really helped me catch up so I want to point people there.”

“That’s extremely generous,”

“I mean not really—I’m still profiting off my apparent fame for something I never wanted and I don’t want that money to begin with. Better use it if it’s there because I’m not gonna touch it. Honestly if I had my way I’d get rid of those stupid books outright but Axeclaw said there’s nothing to be done about stuff that’s already out there within sinking a lot of money into it… and maybe it’s a goblin thing but he really didn’t seem pleased with that option.” He admitted, amused at Remus’ nearly involuntary snort of humor at that. “Is there anything in particular you’re interested in about it?”

“I was just wondering, about the tuition in general. It’s not a topic that comes up often, and I remembered your parents once talking about it. I hadn’t realized anything came of that decision, like a charity… but to me it’s very fitting for your mother.”

“What decision? What did they say about it?” He perked up, curious. Remus had promised to tell him anything he wanted about his parents but… honestly they hadn’t had a lot of those conversations this visit at all. There just seemed to be other things to do and be preoccupied by, and yeah there were the moments of nostalgia here and there that Moony would offer up, but Harry rarely asked outright and therefore the topic seemed not to come up often.

It was just, this holiday had been about meeting each other now and having fun with the whole Christmas spirit thing… nostalgic topics like his long-dead parents really only brought the mood down unfortunately and Remus seemed to accept that it wasn’t the time or place and respected it by not bringing it up himself much either. All the other adults in his life who used to know his parents never missed a chance to tell him his had his mother’s eyes or his father’s talent in something, but Remus—who theoretically knew them better than anyone else Harry had met yet—hadn’t done so since their first conversation in that muggle café.

He'd picked up on something and had held back ever since, and… Harry was thankful for it, in hindsight.

Now though, maybe the hesitation to ask was because this was something less-cheery, but important, so Harry was sat and tuned into the conversation a bit more seriously than before.

“I know your father didn’t pay tuition because of a deal the Potter family once had with Hogwarts. I didn’t either to be fair, but more because Headmaster Dumbledore was kind enough to waive it due to my family situation,” Remus admitted, Harry instantly needing to stretch his poker-face skills not to outwardly make a face.

Ah fuck. Bloody old fart got to Remus already… I need to bring that up because that’s so not good.

Before he could really plot to direct the conversation towards seeding the werewolf against Dumbledore, Moony continued with his tale.

“After we all graduated I believe it came up that your mother did pay the tuition, as did most other muggleborns.”

“But not purebloods.” Harry finished, Remus not seeming very surprised that he’d already known.

“So you know,”

He shrugged. “Axeclaw mentioned the deal, but that it was canceled. I assumed Mom did that and then made the charity thing because of how unfair it all was.” He acknowledged, not even getting into the meddling bastard of a Headmaster who created the unfairness in the first place.

Remus just smiled though.

“Not exactly… I’m sure if she got there first she probably would’ve, but they weren’t married when that discussion happened so she wouldn’t have had a right to cancel it in the name of the Potter family. It was actually James who canceled the deal after she brought it up.”

Harry blinked.

“He did?”

“Does that surprise you?” Remus was half amused, but also half sad as if he already knew what Harry was about to say.

“I mean… kind of. I guess what I thought I knew of him, he wouldn’t care like Mom would. About that at least.” He mumbled a bit.

“Well, they both certainly cared, although you’re right they cared about things for different reasons, and in very different ways.”

“I can figure out why Mom cared but… why did Dad then, if it was so different?”

Remus paused… then put his mug down on the table. “It’s a bit of a long story, if you want to hear it?”

He asked slightly too delicately to be casual. Harry knew what he was really asking was if it was okay to get really misty or sentimental, whatever it was they were when they talked about the dead Potters. So Remus clearly had been purposefully not bringing them up since he sensed his guest wasn’t that thrilled about it in normal day-to-day conversation.

Now was different though. They’d had a fun day and the night was quiet and serene enough that… perhaps getting a little melancholy wouldn’t be a bad thing at all.

He just nodded in confirmation, ready to hear it.

Moony smiled and folded his hands in his lap thoughtfully as he began.

“In our last years of school, your father definitely felt the weight of the war over our heads. During our fifth year it seemed everything went wrong in one way or another—we had a lot of issues going on in our friend group, his and Lily’s fighting was the worst it ever was, and of course the death toll of the war had peaked from a few terrible incidents. The overall outlook on the war was taking a rather dark turn… that was about that time that people started to think we couldn’t win… that maybe we wouldn’t in the end.”

“That’s…” Harry tried to absorb it, but as pessimistic as he could be he’d also never really given up like that before. Hearing it put this way, it made sense that people might’ve felt unbelievably relieved when the apparently hopeless war ended out of the blue because of him. He personally wasn’t thrilled with it, but it did put his fame into a better perspective to a point.

Remus seemed to agree with his internal thoughts, face clouding over briefly at the memories.

“It was not a good year, and on top of that we were faced with OWLs and needing to decide what we wanted to do when we grew up, which to a teen is about as much pressure as you can handle. And with a rapidly more depressing war happening around us, the options we did see in front of us and were being asked to choose from were… bleak.” He frowned deeply. “James, on the most part, was pretty much untouched by a lot of the life everyone around him was suffering from. He didn’t necessarily need to work and in any case knew he was going to be an Auror—had known that since he was five, actually. He had the grades and the means to do it easily as well. He was from a good family full of expert fighters with the best wards Gringotts could provide to protect against attackers, so he hadn’t lost any family to the war either.”

“Popular, good grades, mischievous.” Harry repeated… on paper, James Potter never had a care in the world. “He was spoiled, like Draco.” He concluded bluntly, Moony not even blinking to nod in agreement. And that was coming from one of James Potter’s best friends once upon a time, with zero hesitation to call him spoiled, so it must’ve been just as bad as Draco could be.

“Yep… honestly from what you’ve mentioned in your letters, they might actually have a lot in common on that front.” He gave a wry smile, Harry finding that unspeakably funny for some reason. “Ultimately, he ended up acting pretty weird that year, acting out and pulling some of our worse pranks. If you ask McGonagall she probably has that whole year blocked from her memory it was so bad.”

Harry wanted to laugh at his favorite professor’s misfortune before the point of it distracted him. “Acting out?”

“It wasn’t until sixth year when he suddenly had this change of heart that I finally figured it out.” Remus gave a fond look. “He was always, at the heart of things, a really kind guy. Admittedly pretty self-absorbed most of our childhood, so he never quite figured out how to express his desire to do good in a way that wasn’t selfish or all about himself. Hence the pranks and the picking fights and skipping tests just because he knew he could get away with it. Things like that.”

Harry didn’t quite follow.

“He was self-absorbed because he was kind?” He repeated, tone clearly expressing his doubt. Remus chuckled, though it had a bitter air to it.

“His world had always been good, so he didn’t understand how anyone else’s world could be so bad. Much less those he cared about, called brothers even.” Despite his smile the sadness reached his eyes then. “He saw how hard things were on others, my own situation even, our own classmates losing so much in the war… and when he was young, he was arrogant enough to think the world shouldn’t be that way, so eventually it’d work itself out. I think ultimately he came to realize injustice and cruelty wouldn’t go away just because it was wrong, because the white knight in his head said evil always lost and good always won—to learn that was far from the truth honestly terrified him I think.”

Hence the acting out. He… was just a kid. And not a kid who’d learned about unfairness from the time he could walk like I did. He was more like Draco… sheltered and loved and completely unable to wrap his head around that not everyone grew up with that same things.

Everyone grew up differently and Harry did it when he was four or something. Before he could remember, for sure. You could even say him deciding to take care of himself was another way he ‘grew up’ before he was actually old enough to be called grown—some could argue he still wasn’t grown either, just by age in fact. The time when he was senselessly angry over injustice had long since passed though: it still ticked him off of course, but he’d moved past it in order to start acting instead of being shocked or stunned by rage and unable to do something to counter that injustice. He was already very intimately aware of it, so it no longer took him off guard or surprised him into paralysis.

But some people… some blessed, spoiled few, had no reason to grow up until the world pressured them to, if ever it did. And James Potter had been very blessed; if what Remus was saying was true, he hadn’t grown up until he was sixteen.

Harry wondered if the same thing would happen to Draco… and he wasn’t sure if he even wanted it to.

“He figured it out eventually, and from then on there was a definite shift in how he acted and treated others. He was still himself of course, but he definitely got over his self-absorbed, self-destructive habits that used to drive me insane.” Remus scoffed some. “Lily too. She liked the new version of him much better and it only took a couple months to go from them fighting constantly to actually dating. It gave everyone whiplash if I’m being honest.”

Harry smiled, liking that mental image of his parents the best so far.

“Lily may have started the charity but James canceling his family’s contract with Hogwarts was all him, both for the same reasons of course. Lily was probably focused on evening the playing field for muggleborns and purebloods, but James had much more training in politics thanks to his upbringing and apparently canceling the deal was much more complicated and political than it appeared—I don’t know the specifics but I know it took him weeks to do it.

“Your mother was always focused on giving to those in need, but she never did it at cost of others. She didn’t want to take down purebloods, she only wanted to give muggleborns the same chances.” Remus explained, before getting a dry look. “James was a bit more aggressive. If he ever saw an opportunity to take down a pureblood doctrine, even one he and his own family benefited from, he didn’t hesitate. He always had that ‘I’m untouchable’ attitude about him so even when he was self-destructing to take out another family, he never minded.”

Harry felt a little stunned, eyes getting wide.

There were very few things he recognized as things he might share with his dad. People told him he acted like his dad sometimes, rarely, but most of the time people were just saying he looked like his mother. Even then it had never truly sunk in because those were just people he’d never met, and he was himself right here in the moment so it didn’t really matter. Mentally he still aligned pretty strongly with the snake house after all, so he’d assumed James Potter as the raging Gryffindor that people tended to talk about him as, would be rolling in his grave every time his son acted Slytherin.

But the whole ‘take them out with you’ thing… Harry felt that in his core.

“You look a little stunned.” Remus pointed out gently, eyes seeming to search his face to absorb his reaction carefully.

“I just… I thought I took mostly after my mom. That whole idea of ‘take people down with you’ though, I think is the first thing aside from quidditch I think I really share with my dad.” He admitted, certainly feeling a bit stunned as mentioned.

There was a deep sadness in Remus eyes, but he managed to give a genuine smile through it.

“I’m glad you have that then.” He agreed quietly.

Harry hated it.

He hated that somehow he could both see and sense how sad his werewolf godfather was but he just wouldn’t stop smiling.

He absolutely couldn’t stand it and shoved closer on the rug to bang into his side a little too aggressively. Remus didn’t seem to mind at all and just put an arm around him automatically.

“…don’t be sad Moony.” He mumbled petulantly.

“Ah,” The man cleared his throat, and Harry felt a hand come rest on his head. “…I’ll do my best.”

He hated that too.

“Did you like Contrair today?”

“I did.”

“Did you like the way I decorated?”

“Absolutely. It feels much more like home this way, don’t you agree?”

“Yeah.” He pressed his lips into a thin line, face still out of sight where he’d tucked himself into the werewolf’s side. He couldn’t help it though, as the words sprung to his lips without permission. “Why did you let me do it.”

It wasn’t a question and Remus paused a moment, seeming to realize this himself.

“Ah. I… probably should’ve guessed you would’ve picked up on that.”

“So there is a reason,” He accused, lifting his head to give a little glare at the man who did not seem intimidated at all when he returned gazes, just calm and patient as ever.

“Does it feel like home to you? Even a little?”

Well… he had him there, so he just had to nod.

“That is all I wanted then. Even if after this holiday we don’t get to come back here, just for this break I wanted you to be comfortable.”

“I liked it the way you had it too.” He grumbled.

“Even if that’s true, it’s not the same as someplace you’ve made your own. Even if it’s just the color of the walls, the fact you had a hand in it is better, don’t you think?”

“You did that on purpose?” He was still accusing him, but now got a little wary. He just… couldn’t see why he’d do something like that. It made him uneasy, the same way he knew he couldn’t outmatch Mrs. Malfoy and her manipulations, only worse because he’d let his guard down around Moony since he was supposed to be a Gryffindor and hadn’t even realized Remus was after something at all aside from them just having fun.

Moony soothed his agitation immediately though, squeezing him with his one-armed hug for a moment.

“Maybe… it’s not like I minded opening my home to someone I care about after all.”

The tease was gentle but it was also so sincere Harry felt like his heart physically hurt. And maybe it was the preexisting melancholy of the conversation, but the genuineness lodged a golf ball in his throat and made it hard to breath for a moment.

“Oh.” Was all he could get out.

Clearly his struggles were audible in his voice because Remus practically jumped in alarm, arm over him pulling him into a more proper hug immediately with a soothing sound.

“Don’t cry pup,” He said as Harry went to hug him around the middle automatically, but he couldn’t help but pause and blink twice.

“Pup?”

“Ah,” Moony coughed, flustered that he’d slipped up apparently. “Sorry… your father and our friends had some stupid nicknames once upon a time, as you know… when you were little you got stuck with one too, apologies.”

The confession was quiet, a little pained but overall light and fond as he regaled yet another memory he clearly held dear. Talking about his father’s journey had clearly made Remus nostalgic and something else he hadn’t meant to say slipped up through the cracks in the ground where he buried them.

That’s right… Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs. I saw the map—obviously I know Moony and he said my dad was Prongs but… I still don’t know who else was who.

And… Pup?

It hit him, suddenly. This vivid image, like a fairy tale in his mind but an infinitely precious one. He imagined his parents—exactly as they were in the pictures Hagrid had given them since that was the age they’d died at—with a younger Remus who was the same just, maybe a little less pale, less scared. Less tired and sad. He imagined the nebulous shapes in his mind’s eye that he had for Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew, all of them gathered in some bright place when they were all still just happy, twenty-year-olds barely out of school.

All of them just kids basically, barely not teenagers but still kind of acting like they were sometimes, goofing off in a house the Potter couple owned with stupid nicknames and a brand new baby between them as they tried to figure out how to be adults. They were the Marauders after all… more than one person had compared them to the twins, so it was agonizingly easy to suddenly imagine what playful chaos four notoriously mischievous pranksters and a young witch with a fiery temper just like his own got up to. He imagined it filled with laughter and prank spells, a ton of smiles and unserious chatter—food and teasing and a home that not everyone lived in but everyone felt welcome in. Five barely-not-teenagers with a baby to entertain, he could only picture the playfulness and stupid antics they got up to, and how it probably rang really similarly to the Gryffindor boys’ dorm when they were at their most chaotic.

He imagined James Potter—Prongs—being teased by his guy friends at settling down and having the first kid so young. Of Lily Potter, who oh so recently had just been the Lily Evans that they’d known for far longer and they still weren’t quite used to calling her that, would scold them if they messed up her house or turned her son’s hair funny colors with their pranks, but secretly loving the chaos. He imagined the Peter Pettigrew people had talked about a lot like Theo or Neville—quiet and less vibrant as others maybe, but a careful wallflower happy to be there and be a kind ear if needed. He imagined Sirius Black… a young man who had no idea what hell lay in wait for him in the future, just a happy prankster… people almost refused to say much about him so he didn’t have any more detail than that but just imagined him as innocent since that was the one thing he was clinging to about the man right now.

He imagined Remus… Moony, as a much younger, happier version of himself who was less afraid of himself, surrounded by people who loved him no matter his condition, his parents and all their friends teasing him that the babe in his arms was just a pup to a wolf.

He couldn’t help his eyes start to burn with tears at how breathtakingly nice it sounded. The image Moony had unknowingly painted for him, of his friends who’d once loved them both and had never once been afraid of him—unlike how Remus was afraid of himself, even now since it’d been so long since anyone had reminded him he was worth more than his illness by the time Harry got to know him now.

The image in his head felt real for a moment.

It was so easy to imagine it all happen, like it was right there in front of him. How Remus had once been happy, how Lily and James Potter had cursed the Ministry to the pits of hell and placed their infant son in his arms whenever he was there to visit and promise the beaten werewolf—their friend—that he was part of their family and their son’s godfather no matter what the stupid law said. Moony had probably held the baby a lot, a freshly registered werewolf after graduation and dealing with a lot of hate and aggression from the world at large but oh-so-thankful to be part of a family who loved him unconditionally.

Sirius probably held the baby a lot too, as the actual godfather… Peter too as the quietest of the bunch who probably got put on nap duty a lot.

All the marauders probably held the first son of their friend and been playful, loving caretakers once upon a time. And they were the marauders… obviously the innocent kid they found themselves in charge of would get a stupid nickname too.

He felt tears before he could do anything about it.

He could almost hear Moony getting a crying baby put in his arms, perhaps a little panicked and unsure about what to do about that since he was still only twenty and had probably never been near kids in his life, automatically clutching the infant tighter with a ‘don’t cry pup’ just falling from his lips the way it just had now… eleven years later when he was no longer a baby, but he was still crying.

It was just… the way Remus has said it felt so natural. Like it was the most normal, routine thing in the world to say it, like he’d said it a thousand times before—so much that it came out as a habit the moment green eyes in front of him got teary again, no matter how much time had passed.

Harry tried so hard to consolidate that image of that crying infant who was once that loved and… himself.

The image felt so bright, so important and warm and… and when he tried to imagine that it was him in that dream-like tale in his head, when he looked back at his life and tried to connect to the fact that it’d been him who was once loved like that he… found nothing.

Not a single memory of the warmth he could imagine being there, like a synapse trying to connect and utterly missing—electricity disappearing into the vast blankness of a void with nothing to hold onto except the hope that something had once been there, even if it had long since disappeared. Like trying to land home on a planet that had completely disappeared from the cosmos and only falling deeper into empty space as you completely missed where gravity said you should’ve landed safely.

It was like nostalgia for someplace he’d never known. Homesickness for a place that did not exist.

It felt like agony in his chest in a way that hadn’t hurt since he’d stared into that damn mirror almost exactly a year ago and been angry with the world for never giving him the chance to know better. He was less angry this time because by now he understood just a little more than he had before about what he had missed out on. Before, he only knew he was lacking in his life, now he knew how close a life with parents and family who loved him he’d really been, so the realization he still never had any of it hit even harder somehow.

He felt like crying all the more, but despite wet eyes and a snitch in his throat he held it together because he needed to know. He had to ask, even if it came out pitifully wet.

“Am I a pup because you’re a wolf?”

Remus gave a surprised, strangled laugh over his head as his arms tightened around him slightly on instinct. Like he found it funny, but it also hurt his heart just as badly as Harry’s own heart hurt right now.

“Ah… well, amongst other reasons. It’s a long story.” His voice was choked and drenched in a deep sadness; clearly it was very hard for him.

“Even if it’s long, can I know it?” Harry barely felt bad because he needed to know, or he’d go insane. If it wasn’t just Moony he wanted the full picture—even if he could never have it he wanted the entire warm image in his head complete, to know for certain what it was he’d lost or the unknown would eat him alive he was sure.

He pulled back from the hug to look up at him with as desperate look as he could get up at the werewolf, whose golden eyes seemed just as pained back.

“Please?” He begged quietly.

Remus paused a long minute, seeming to need to build the courage to speak again.

“I… think I said I should probably wait until you were older to tell this story but…” Given the situation, clearly he was caving now instead, his resolve crumbling at the sight of watery emerald eyes and small arms wrapped around his middle. His heart was far too soft to hold out, so even if he maybe still thought it a bad idea he gave in anyway. “We ah… we had a friend, back then. It was… well it was a secret but it… probably doesn’t matter anymore at this point.”

He took another long pause, clearly struggling. Harry waited him out patiently, not intending to even blink until he finished.

Remus wavered but… eventually continued.

“I guess… your father, and some of our friends were… illegal Animagi. I’m going to assume you’re familiar with those.”

“Really?” He breathed. Obviously he knew… McGonagall was one and it was high on his priority list for the future, once he was old enough to do something like that. There’s no way it wouldn’t be with his love of Transfiguration. “What was my Dad?” He asked immediately, transfixed on the Transfiguration skill. He didn’t give a quaffle about the law, the only reason he hadn’t looked it up himself was his respect for McGonagall (and her explicitly forbidding him from doing so in literally the first ever class/conversation he’d ever had with her), not because of anything the ass-backwards Ministry had ever decreed.

Moony hesitated less this time, sensing his fixation and knowing the lesson of ‘don’t break the law’ was probably wasted on him right now.

“A stag. Hence the whole ‘Prongs’ thing… I told you we had stupid nicknames.”

“Prongs like a fork?” He frowned.

Remus huffed in amusement. “Like antlers.” He corrected gently.

Harry suddenly remembered the herd of in forest last night and felt… shaky.

He barely noticed himself lean more into the man’s side with eyes wide. “But if he was a deer and you’re the wolf then that is why I’m the ‘pup’.” He pointed out, still trying to desperately grasp something though he wasn’t sure what.

Remus froze for a moment before seeming to very purposefully force himself forward…despite actively looking like he wasn’t sure if he should keep talking or not, even as words left his mouth.

“We… had a friend.” He admitted, sounding… uneasy. Either in surprise that he was actually saying this, or just in pain. “He was a dog. Padfoot… because his paws were very squishy,” He gave a sudden, short, involuntary laugh it seemed, but it audibly sounded like his heart was actively breaking and he was trying very hard to pretend it wasn’t. “It was a very stupid nickname.” He repeated again, seeming… breathless, and broken.

And Harry knew why.

He tightened his arms around him almost pointedly tight, closing his eyes tightly against his jacket and also against the topic he was about to breach.

“…Sirius?”

He felt the werewolf under his grip freeze solid. When he didn’t say anything for a while, Harry peeked up cautiously and saw him just staring at the bookshelf fireplace in front of them, but also clearly not seeing it at all.

He explained. “I saw my parents will. Axeclaw gave it to me… and Daphne told me what happened.”

Remus just… nodded, after a long moment.

“I’m… so sorry.” He got out, sounding dazed. “But y-yes. He was a dog. You were ‘pup’ because of the both of us.” He finally admitted, a deep resignation in his voice. But… there was also a warmth Harry couldn’t help but cling to immediately.

The words confirmed everything Harry needed: Remus didn’t believe Sirius was guilty either.

He was not angry right now at the mention of the supposed ‘traitor’, he was sad.

Moony missed his friend and fellow marauder. He was not glaring at the carpet because he blamed the man for costing him everything that night, he was gazing at the fireplace almost like he was hoping if he tossed himself into it, time would turn back and the world would be different when he finally turned to ash and scattered to the wind. Or that he at least wouldn’t need to continue to live bearing the weight of all this, if he were just cinders.

He wanted to be happy, and in fact he was for a brief moment to the point he opened his mouth, ready to tell Remus that ‘it’s okay’ or ‘I have great news!’ or ‘you don’t have to be sad because—’

But whatever he’d been about to say, since not even he really knew honestly… he felt his heart skip a beat at the sudden image of a small diamond hairclip that had never really existed flashing before his eyes.

He remembered very clearly wearing it, a small blue paw print made of some priceless clear gem clipped to the side of his hair. He knew every detail of it from where it normally sat on a rather blank gravestone, and he remembered vividly seeing it reflected back at him in a mirror: lightly tangled in his more wayward locks of hair since he’d worn it much shorter last year and it’s natural wildness had caused smaller, more delicate clips to simply disappear as he moved his head.

A hairclip that had never existed in reality, only in his mind, and apparently in his deepest desires that an enchanted mirror would know about.

How did I know he was a dog?

Some deep part of his psyche must’ve known, because why did his meditation and careful, precious building of the graveyard produce a paw print to put on the otherwise blank grave of Sirius Black? A grave he had not been to in half a year now, but the memory of a place he’d forgotten about—abandoned like a child fled the warzone of a vicious fight between enemies you didn’t understand—rising up like a vengeful ghost jumping up to scream in his face, haunting him as he realized everything he’d run from six months ago without a backwards glance was still there. It hadn’t gone anywhere, it was still standing behind him like a demon waiting to catch him turning his head for the first time in months and acknowledge it, breathing down his neck in anticipation for the moment he finally stopped keeping his back to it.

How did I know?

The only thing he could think of was maybe, just maybe, some part of him from years and years ago in a childhood he’d completely forgotten but somehow knew in his heart he’d had, remembered his godfather. So deep in his memory he couldn’t pull at it if he tried, only surfacing in a tiny, small clue of who Sirius Black once was to him on instinct while meditating over a graveyard.

The sheer hope that something that fantastic and romanticized could’ve actually happened within his own brain nearly killed him right then and there.

He wasn’t sure what emotion it was he was choking on, but choking he was, because suddenly he was crying openly, burying his face out of sight into Moony— who startled, holding him tighter as an automatic response.

“Harry!?” He startled, “It’s okay, it’s okay… don’t cry,” But Harry just clenched his fist into his sweater tighter as he cried… and Remus relaxed for a moment as he realized what the sobbing child in his arms wanted, and his heart seemed to soften again. “Don’t cry pup.”

He corrected himself gently, smile in his voice as he said it even if that voice was quiet and sad.

Harry just cried even harder though, Remus taking to just pet down his hair soothingly, knowing it wasn’t all bad somehow—or that he needed to get it out.

It was just… logically he’d known Remus was friends with his parents, with Sirius. The hard proof that they’d really cared about him once—maybe still—hadn’t hit home until just now with the proof and uneasiness of that coincidence in his mind, and it was extremely overwhelming. And whether he’d ever admit this or not, the realization of how hard he’d lost everything in his graveyard scared him more than a little bit. He already knew his brain was broken, his life was broken, and the reminder of that hit harder than ever when he’d just been feeling so happy.

It took a couple moments, but you couldn’t sob your heart out forever. Eventually you needed to breathe and the tidal wave of emotion that had crippled him passed it’s peak, even if the tears didn’t really stop. He was still able to collect a few stuttering breathes in and get out what he needed to.

“You don’t think he did it, do you.” He accused, still sniffling but fighting them off valiantly.

Remus froze again, hand pausing on his hair.

“Harry…” He began but trailed off, seeming to want to say a whole lot but was unable to finish. Harry pulled his head back without letting his arms budge and inch from their wrap around his middle to shoot him a demanding look. It was probably the wet face and eyes full of pain, but Remus’ willpower vanished instantly as he placed the hand in his hair kindly, but firmly, atop his head and respond in barely a whisper. “… of course I don’t want to believe that.” He confessed.

Harry sniffed pointedly and fixed his expression determinedly.

“So then don’t.”

“Harry-”

“I don’t believe it either!”

“Harry.” The tone had him shutting his mouth for once as the werewolf gave him an indescribable look. After a moment he seemed to come to a decision and focused more intently on him suddenly, releasing him to place large calloused hands either side of his face. “I don’t want you thinking of things like that. I know you probably can’t help it, but looking back doesn’t help us now. There is nothing good that comes out of this line of thinking.”

“You’re wrong,” Harry shot back immediately, defiant to his last breath.

“Maybe I am,” Moony derailed his aggression in an instant. Harry couldn’t help but be startled that he’d admitted defeat so quickly and it took the wind out of his sails before they could even catch. “But… you’re right. I lost three brothers and a sister that night, including him, a-and I-” He needed to pause to take in a wavering breath himself then. “Maybe… maybe I do still believe he did love us both at one point. I can’t do anything for him now though, and neither can you.”

His voice was quiet but stern. Harry had gotten used to that voice because it’s usually how he found himself in bed earlier than he wanted to, or reading some fantasy child’s story instead of something on Transfiguration, or shoveling snow when he just wanted to be throwing snowballs at his godfather’s turned back. Somehow he’d already gotten used to making a playful pout but complying with it but…

But this time he threw it to the wind because no matter how much he loved Moony, this was the hill he would die on.

“…maybe you can’t, but I can.” He insisted with a seeping of coldness to his voice that he used to ward off less friendly Slytherins when they got too snippy with him. Yes he knew it was brutal, and braced himself to see the pain on Remus’ face that he was making the choice to cause—but surprisingly it didn’t come.

Moony just gave a small smile, like he already knew this cold fact better than the twelve-year-old in his grip right now ever could, and was just amused he’d even try that with him.

“You shouldn’t need to put that on your shoulders.” He didn’t even acknowledge Harry’s sharp words, that’s how ineffectual they were.

“It’s not a burden if it helps him.” He insisted.

“How very Gryffindor of you,” He got countered with a calm patience that Harry normally liked but was now starting to piss him off.

Because Remus should be just as up in arms about this as he was, not resigned like he was about every other terrible thing that he knew they both hated to the pits of hell! Harry was angry, he wanted Moony to know it too.

He yanked back to pull his hands off his face by his wrists, shaking them uselessly as he got half angry he wasn’t taking him seriously.

“It’s not me being a Gryffindor it’s me being selfish! He’s my godfather, right? You—” He choked on the words for a moment as it occurred to him he’d never actually said it but— “Y-you are too, you know!”

It didn’t matter if it was their first conversation about it, it was true.

It had been true since some of Moony’s best friends had a child together and he chose to love him like he’d always loved them.

That actually got a reaction out of him, and clearly it hit him hard as he lost his composure to stare in open shock—and hurt. His eyes were looking at him but Harry knew he was seeing something from eleven years ago instead of the second-year in front of him, and whatever it was it was breaking his heart all over again.

“Harry, that… I’m not technica-”

“What did my parents say though?” He cut him off, not going to even give him a chance to argue this. “So what if it wasn’t in their will, I know what they said even without ever having met them! I know what they said so don’t pretend you don’t when you actually knew them!” he accused hotly, still sniffling up the remnants of his breakdown and cheeks growing cold from the previously hot tears. He was also still latched onto his sleeves so he flailed their arms in frustration, and Moony let him do it, seeming to just be numb from all of this.

What Harry said was true… and he hoped Remus was too caught up in the echoing memories of James and Lily Potter’s voices in his head scolding him for claiming he was anything less than family, too touched by their son echoing that same sentiment eleven years after their death to question anything further. He didn’t exactly know about the blood test and Harry wanted to keep it that way for now—this wasn’t the time or place in any case.

Actually, maybe it worked a little too well as he now just seemed unable to speak, but suddenly dropped his arms to his lap from where Harry was pulling at them. The look on his face made him worry a bit.

“Moony?”

“I’m so sorry,” He got out though it sounded hard and his eyes getting pretty glassy himself, struggling to keep it together. “I’m so sorry I couldn’t live up to that role for you.”

Harry felt a little bad now, but didn’t drop his chin.

“Axeclaw said you were… laughed out of the Ministry." He winced as he said it, but Remus didn’t blink.

He just scoffed, dark and bitter as he nodded once.

“That's… a blunt way to put it, but not untrue. The court thought it… very humorous I would even ask to be your godfather."

Harry immediately matched his bitterness toe-for-toe, with a flare of anger tossed in there too… though unfortunately it was buried beneath a deep sadness he suddenly felt for the golden eyes looking down at him. There wasn’t anything he could say that Remus wasn’t 100% aware of already, at his core.

“That’s rude.” He mumbled petulantly instead.

Moony gave a single, humorless laugh.

“They’re not interested in hearing any others appeals from me, since I… wasted their time before. I only had that one chance in court and… well. I’m sorry. I’m sorry it didn’t work out. If I’d chosen to try and fight for Sirius instead maybe he’d be here, maybe he’d be a better godfather than I ever was, and you never would’ve-” He cut himself off, frustration and sadness in eyes building all the more. “I should've picked him and things wouldn't have turned out this way and I'm sorry for that. For choosing wrong, for not being able to win." He bowed his head slightly, completely dejected.

He chose to fight for me instead.

That was all Harry could think of, instead of anything else. After their first letters, when he still hesitated in properly reaching out again, he had felt anger and this sense of betrayal. He’d felt let down that this man he didn’t know, who was supposedly so important to his parents, to him once upon a time, had stayed away for eleven years.

Of course he’d been angry. Frustrated and annoyed, with little grace about the meek werewolf’s reasoning but what reason could he possibly have that would make up for a childhood at the Dursleys.

That was before Harry knew him though.

Now he did and… things had changed. Or, his perspective had.

Because in reality, anything Remus brought to the court would’ve been laughed out. No matter how delusionally optimistic this werewolf was, Harry wasn’t. He knew enough of this world by now to know in his bones that if Remus had brought the appeal to give Sirius his day in court instead of him, absolutely nothing would’ve changed. It didn’t matter what he chose, Remus was always destined to lose in this world, and frankly it was insane he still held any belief that that wasn’t the case—to the point he actually felt guilt that it was his choice that failed them both. His choice had nothing to do with it, no matter what he’d have chosen to do Sirius would still be in prison and Harry would still be an orphan trapped in a muggle hellscape… nothing Remus did would have ever mattered.

For as much as he seemed resigned to his abysmal fate, the fact he still had even that bit of hope made Harry feel slightly panicked, because he physically couldn’t stomach the idea of seeing the day Remus finally lost that last tiny bit of useless optimism he had. And he did fear it, because going by how the world worked he knew it was only a matter of time.

His heart ached from the stress that gave him.

But also… because even knowing nothing could have actually saved them no matter how much they maybe wanted things to be different, Harry still felt like crying again from the way his heart lifted at the confirmation that they wanted things to be different.

Remus never had a shot in hell of changing shit, but… he’d tried. And all his choices would’ve ended in a loss, but still, the once choice he did make was for him.

He didn’t choose to do nothing, to save himself the embarrassment (and danger) of being laughed out of the Ministry by wizards who only wanted to see him suffer, and he didn’t choose Sirius who he considered his brother in everything but blood, who was trapped in Azkaban and potentially innocent as Moony never for a second thought was truly guilty.

He didn’t do any of that though, he chose Harry.

And yeah, maybe nothing came of it, but that didn’t mean the choice didn’t matter. It mattered a whole fucking lot because Harry was realizing that it actually meant everything to him.

“I’m happy you chose me though.” He confessed quietly, looking up at him hesitantly. “And… you’re here now in any case.”

Remus made a strangled expression, but it settled into a smile.

“I am. I’m… so sorry it took me so long… I’m sorry you had to reach out first.”

“Stop apologizing,” He huffed, frustration making eyes wet again, though he was not entirely sure why. “Just… I do get why, it’s just… I like having you in my life now. Again, whatever. I don't care that you're a werewolf or that you're a coward—just promise me you'll stay in my life. The past or who you are and what you've done don't matter to me as much as having that promise from now on."

It was a childish demand, and he knew it was unreasonable but… he refused to not ask right now. He had to because he was not letting something go unsaid and have him lose anyone else right now.

The golden eyes above him widened for a second, before he collected himself enough to nod. "I am a coward, it seems. Or I have been one, for a long time now. But… I promise I will stick around from here on out, the best I’m able to. I… don’t think I have to tell you about how unfair the world is sometimes.”

“I know,” Harry scrubbed the returning tears away with his sleeve rather aggressively. “But you have to promise me you’ll always try.”

“I promise. I will absolutely never give up trying to be a part of your life in some way.”

“Even if it’s just a letter.” He demanded of him, almost bratty.

“Even if it’s just a letter,” He repeated dutifully, grave and deeply sad from the fact they both knew maybe it might actually come to that sometimes.

Harry attempted to rid himself of the tears once more but gave up, giving the werewolf in front of him a watery glare over his sleeve instead. “I still intend to get Sirius a trial.” He announced defiantly.

Moony pulled him in again with a sigh, letting his red head rest press into his shoulder tightly. “I am begging you to let it go.”

“I won’t!” Harry objected immediately, yanking at his sweater again but not breaking the hug. “He could be innocent and maybe they won’t listen to you but what am I famous for if not to get people to listen to me!?”

“…I know.” Remus sighed deeply, tone heavy. “But even if he’s freed he won’t be able to help you.”

“You don’t know that!”

“Harry, I do.” He shot out, voice distressed and pressing him in tighter, as if trying to prevent him from wiggling away despite the fact Harry had no intention to do so. “I know what Azkaban does to people… even if he never meant to do it, he’ll still have been insane enough to get caught up in in the first place. A man that dangerous would never be able to take care of a kid, the Ministry would never allow it. Even if he does get his trial, it won’t be the answers you want to hear… he—he won’t be able to take you away from your relatives.”

Harry froze.

… he attempted to pull back but went nowhere from how tightly he was being held, and realized Moony knew exactly what he was doing. He just held still again, kind of… confused.

“…I never said anything about that.”

“I know.”

…his fists curled tighter into the sweater beneath his hands, probably ruining the knitting.

“But… I never said anything about that.” He could help but repeat, seeming to be stuck.

“I told you about that necklace I got for Christmas, right?”

Harry couldn’t look anywhere but the couch behind them from how his head was pressed into Moony’s shoulder and not going anywhere, but he barely saw a thing. The odd conversation switch made him blink a couple times and he…vaguely remembered something like… but he had had pushed it from his mind until…

“I guess…you said my dad was mad about it… or something.” He recalled blankly.

“It was a silver necklace. My father sent it to me.” Remus’ voice was small in a way he hadn’t been before—in away that meant the crackling of the bookshelf fireplace almost made it hard to hear. “I opened it before I really realized what it was and burned my hand something awful. That was our fifth year, and as I said James was… acting out pretty often when things that unfair got shoved in his face like that. He really was so, incredibly angry on my behalf… I’ll always be thankful he was, because I didn’t learn to be angry about it myself until years later.”

“…angry?”

“Yeah. Angry.” He repeated patiently, unhurriedly. “At the time I was just… scared.”

Silver.

Silver burns werewolves.

Harry had suspsected at the time… the twins’ necklace he wore sometimes…

The arms around him constricted even more to the point it was hard to breath, and it was only then he realized he was trembling. Moony was trying to hold him together, apparently.

“But I didn’t say anything.” He insisted, not sure why he couldn’t move past that part.

“I know,” Moony reassured him. “You don’t have to.”

“I…” He faltered. “I told Neville. I tried to tell Draco… once. I wish could but… I can’t. He's spoiled and a bit bratty and he's had loving parents his whole life. He can't understand." He blurted out, not even sure…

No, he was sure he did not want to talk about it, but there it was… coming out of his lips.

It was the truth in any case. That clawed at his stomach more than if it’d been a lie though.

“Sounds familiar.” Remus admitted, regretfully. “I didn’t actually tell your father the details beforehand which is why the necklace probably shocked him so badly. I… I told Sirius though.”

He forgot to breathe for a moment.

“Did he…?”

What am I trying to ask?

“He was a loud Gryffindor in a family of very purist Slytherins… even you would probably agree his mother was evil. Let’s just say he always understood too.”

Well, at least Remus seemed to get what he was asking, as that actually… it made some kind of sense… maybe…

For some reason there was a comfort that there were others. It wasn’t just him, it wasn’t new: children who’d been abandoned and reject for one reason of another, for being a Gryffindor, for being a werewolf, for being a wizard… there was always a reason. No matter who they were, there was always some bullshit reason.

There was always a reason.

He felt Moony press a hand to his back and tap gently, and he remembered he was supposed to be breathing. He had to switch to doing it manually though, or surely he’d stop again, and he didn’t know if the black spots at the edge of his periphery was because of that or… everything else.

"How about I make you a promise." Remus offered softly, and correctly interpreted his silence as curiosity. "I will listen, and I won't do or say anything you don't want me to. But I will listen."

"But… you're an adult. If… if I say something bad, something that makes you angry…"

The arms around him just rocked slightly as a hum went through the chest beneath Harry’s ear, and they’d clearly been still too long as it felt good to stretch some, to… get more comfortable since there seemed to be no intention of moving for a while yet.

"You said I was a coward, before. And you're right in a lot of ways that I was never strong enough to admit, but you're right. I'm a cowardly Gryffindor if ever there was one." He sighed, but not in defeat this time. "Harry I know about secrets you don't want to share, but that you need to share. I… I've kept everything quiet too, since the day I graduated Hogwarts and people stopped listening. Sirius understood to a point, so I felt I could talk to him at times but… he was so brash and he got so angry over the worst bits that it… wasn't what I needed, really. I didn't need people to get angry on my behalf, I just wanted a friend to listen to me, so I didn't have to struggle alone."

He couldn’t move even if he wanted to, but he clung to each word like a lifeline.

"The right thing would've been to tell an adult and let them help me out of my situation, but I didn't. Just like dozens of children at Hogwarts right now don't either. Everyone keeps quiet, keeps it to themselves, lets it eat away at them…" He took a steadying, if not shaky breath.

Glance at him. "Of course I want to be able to do something, not just listen. But… you should at least walk before you run. It may not be the right thing to do, to keep your secrets, but then again I'm a coward and I haven’t been able to do the right thing for eleven years. I will listen and I won't do anything with what I know until you permit me; I won't pressure you to do something either, I will simply be here if you want me to be. Right or wrong, at least it won't then eat you alive."

‘Like I think it’s eaten me’, went unsaid, but Harry heard it hanging in the air after he finished speaking anyway. He sensed it in the deep sadness that never seemed to leave the werewolf’s eerily golden gaze from the moment he’d met him, that hung above them like a cloud that was barely there most times, but never, for a second ever gone.

He could only stare out at nothing… hearing the heartbeat in the chest beneath his cheek and counting each one for a long while to be sure he was still awake, and alive right now. Most of himself felt like it was ten feet away in a dream honestly but he clung to that one stimulus to ground him here.

“You… really promise that?”

“Yes pup. For you, anything.” He promised quietly. “I can’t be your godfather, and I’m so sorry for that… but I can do my best to be a friend.”

Harry felt the tears again, but at this point he could give a fuck and ignored them.

Instead he found his mouth opening and replaying word-for-word a nightmare that he’d once promised himself he’d never let control him again.

It wasn’t until he was giving the horrors words to bring them to life once again that he realized just how much of a lie that had always been.



Chapter End Notes

Thank you to all those who leave kind comments though, I love you to bits. Thank you even to those who choose to leave nothing if you have nothing positive to add, I respect your maturity.

To certain others, not-so-friendly reminder that if you don’t like the story, you’re allowed to just stop reading it. You don’t need to tell me why you hate it. I write for the joy of it and nothing else, and I don’t have time for that nonsense.

In fact, some people clearly didn’t read my disclaimers because if you’re wondering why you can’t comment anymore, maybe recall the last comment you left, stable the high horse, and go fuck yourself.

Have a lovely day everyone and happy Thanksgiving to those who celebrate <3





Chapter 65: Book 2 : Envy : 32


Chapter Notes

By request of some, I have a discord now? I cannot promise to check it more often than I update these chapters, nor do I know how to work this thing, but I hope it'll be fun for those who want to use it.

https://discord.gg/cgywDum3





It was a nightmare only because Harry knew it was.

It was pretty plain at face value, but there was an undercurrent of terror that made it very clear that despite how boring the situation, he knew for a fact this was a nightmare and that he was not having a good time right now.

Contrary to what he might’ve imagined, or any other nightmare he’d had before, he wasn’t inside the shed this time. He was merely sitting outside of it, the sharp smell of grass imprinted in his brain in a way that told him he was either actively hallucinating right now for it to be so real in his nose, or the experience of getting out of his own personal hell was a memory seared so harshly into his psyche that it would never truly leave him.

He had a ton of memories associated with fresh cut grass that were good, but right now the smell made him horrifically nauseous and he felt his heart beating in his chest: not fast exactly but he was consciously aware of its very loud thumping, enough to really stress him the hell out.

He wasn’t aware of anything else but the grass beneath him and the shed door behind his back where he sat leaning against it, wooden walls with their smell and pattern also etched permanently into his brain from how intimately he knew them. A side effect of staring at them for endless, endless hours.

There was barely any sound, but the lack of it only increased how uneasy and sick to his stomach he was.

It was a dream, so he had no proof exactly, but somehow he just knew that Remus was silently sitting on the other side of the door, also leaning against it and only the thin wood of a very muggle shed separating them. The heavy chain of the bike lock over the handles above his head sat there ominously… Harry wanted to reach for them but he knew he didn’t have the key. Dream logic failed to go any further than him sitting there in absolute despair and muted terror that he didn’t have the key.

He didn’t know why he felt like crying, but he did.





Chapter 66: Book 2 : Envy : 33


Chapter Notes

Hopefully fixed discord link: hhttps://discord.gg/8b7zt5PBHp



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Maybe it was because he didn’t have a ton of those traditionally ‘good’ experiences that sometimes Harry caught himself not enjoying a moment out of this inescapable bittersweetness.

It was like you knew it was a good memory forming while it was happening, but something in his heart couldn’t just let go and enjoy it like he didn’t have any other cares in the world. He wanted this Christmas to be everything he’d ever missed, wanted it to be like the ones you saw on TV and in movies, wanted to be happy as ‘a kid on Christmas morning’ since that was something people always said.

Reality was much more… well, reality.

That didn’t mean it wasn’t good, that it wasn’t everything he’d ever wanted, it was also just… another day, somehow.

A good day though.

He’d never been so excited for Christmas exactly: last year at Hogwarts was the closest he ever got, and he still spent it mostly alone although he’d enjoyed it a lot and had a ton of fun. How could he not, when by comparison his Christmases of past consisted of him waking before the light to cook his relatives a holiday spread, then stand in the kitchen or—in worse years—in his cupboard listening to Dudley get showered with gifts. His cousin got gifts all year round though, and got even more on his birthday somehow, so it wasn’t like Christmas was super different to any other day in the Dursley household. It wasn’t different except… Harry knew that every other family in their neighborhood was also doing the same things and he felt insanely left out.

That was a feeling pervasive to his entire existence though, and the concept of Christmas usually made it worse but not by much.

He’d gotten over it, he’d told himself. Or, gotten used to it, he should say.

The idea he got a holiday with someone for once, much less that it was Remus… well it wasn’t until he was helping Alden with his own dream that he put the words he’d been avoiding into form.

He wanted to have a good Christmas, he really did. The realist inside of him said it was just another day though, don’t get your hopes up, reality never actually matched the picture in your head… and he was right to a point but it was also genuinely a really nice day if he could just let himself be senselessly happy for once.

Still, the bittersweetness probably got to him after how emotionally exhausting the past couple days had been. Be it his less-than-quiet dreams, or even the fact he was finally just comfortable enough with the routine they now had, but his internal alarm clock didn’t wake him before dawn anymore. So when Christmas morning finally came he actually slept in, counterintuitively on the one morning every other child was probably pointedly waking up earlier than normal.

And he was not used to having someone wake him up.

Honestly he could not recall a moment in his living memory when someone else had woken him up, other than long ago when the Dursleys used to bang on his cupboard door as they walked past him. He’d learned at a very young age to be up before them to avoid those terrifying wake-up calls, and to this day he was always, without fail, the first person up in the Gryffindor dorm so none of his roommates had ever even had the chance to wake him. He’d been woken after being injured or taking a light nap on Hogwarts grounds and such, but so far as anyone ever coming into where he was safely sleeping in his own bed?

Never.

So it was a completely novel experience when, from somewhere deep in unconsciousness without a dream to hold onto the first thing he became aware of was a hand on his hair, and suddenly the morning light flooded into his consciousness without warning.

The second thing that registered was Remus’ teasing voice singing one of the carols they’d heard walking down to the village last night to celebrate the Eve of the holiday and watch the festivities. There’d been a lot of carolers and that song had been stuck in both their heads the entire walk home.

As he blinked awake and tried to get in his bearings blearily, Moony saw his eyes open and flashed him an amused smile, patting his head lightly. “Happy Christmas Harry… tired, are we?”

He just grumbled a wordless complaint and the werewolf chuckled, pushing his head back into the pillow gently and going off to the kitchen. Harry really was sleepy as hell and just lay there to wake up incredibly slowly for some reason, while listening to Remus move about the kitchen. He smelled the floral scents of fresh tea and toast being slightly overcooked as they both liked it, and by the time he was returning with the cups and plates to place on the end table next to the couch, Harry was at least sitting up and trying to stretch off the sleepiness that wouldn’t leave like it normally did the moment his eyes were open. Maybe that was the difference in waking up on your own versus someone else doing it—clearly his body wasn’t ready.

“Merry Christmas,” He offered, but was cut off by a yawn out of nowhere.

Remus laughed softly, offering him a tea cup and sitting on the end of the couch his legs didn’t reach to with his own cup. “Someone slept well. Or were you too excited you didn’t sleep at all?”

“Maybe? I thought I fell asleep fine,” And he wasn’t going to admit that Remus instilling a bedtime made it so he could barely keep his eyes open at ten at night anymore. He was going to be so annoyed about that during his first Astronomy class of the next semester, he was sure.

It took him an embarrassingly long time to catch up to the fact this wasn’t just every other morning they’d had like this, this was Christmas morning, and look over at their tree. He perked right awake to see the veritable mountain of gifts there.

“Where’s Hedwig!?”

“Dead asleep in her tree—seems she had a very busy night and isn’t interested in the noise we’re going to make in here,” Moony smiled and Harry relaxed, knowing he had treats specifically for her in his bag to thank her for this very arduous night when she woke up later this eve. Not only was she delivering a lot of presents Harry himself had bought but she’d also clearly put in a lot of work bringing just as many back. “Did you want to do presents or breakfast first?”

Harry only thought a moment about it before deciding he wasn’t that responsible.

“Presents!” He downed his tea and put the cup to the side to slip out of his blankets and to the floor to inspect it. “The twins said they’d be sending a lot of candy anyway and can’t have breakfast ruining that,”

“Well at least your priorities are in order,” came the dry reply. The werewolf seemed to have abandoned any sense of order, given it was Christmas all bets were off and Harry intended to take full advantage of that.

The first thing he noticed amongst the large pile of gifts arranged beneath the tree as he did a quick scan, was that pretty much all of them were his. It was definitely unbalanced, which did not make him feel very good, but behind him Remus just settled on the couch with his tea and from the way his eyes were alight he seemed very interested in just watching Harry open them all.

Remus was… a good person. Harry already very much knew that, but to know he was genuinely happy to just share in someone else’s joy even if there wasn’t much coming his way was… well, Harry knew Moony was a better person than he himself was. Moony just wasn’t materialistic, a lot like Neville in that way: his happiness seemed to be found in how glad he was at the proof of how many friends Harry had to give him presents like this, instead of the meaningless things he may or may not have received himself.

And Harry didn’t intend to disappoint so he straightened up and got over it, focusing back on how much he did appreciate all the people who got him stuff, and also renewing his Christmas and gift giving spirit.

Because it didn’t matter if Remus only had a couple presents here and there from this stupid world, Harry had unfortunately already known that was likely to happen and had planned ahead.

He pulled over his bottomless bag that he kept at the base of the couch he was sleeping on and stood up over the werewolf, who blinked at him once but did not have proper time to really react to what he was up to before Harry dumped the bag over him, an avalanche of presents coming out much to his loud shock.

“Harry…” Came a distressed warning tone as Remus did a double take at the presents now laying over him and the couch around him, delicately extracting his arm at least to get his mug to safety on the side table.

“Ooooo, wait ‘till you open them before you decide to scold me,” Harry just gave him an evil and completely unrepentant grin. “You’re definitely going to be more mad about what they are first before the quantity!”

Remus looked dismayed and almost afraid to open one, but did so very hesitantly with a twelve-year-old standing over him and refusing to move until he did so. It didn’t take him long though to do a double take at the sweater he unearthed, dark brown but with a complimentary yellow diamond pattern.

Harry really enjoyed the horror on his face as he realized.

“These are all clothes.” He put together, sounding defeated with a grave air somehow.

“Yep!” He chirped—a lie since there was other stuff in there like books and candy and tea, but the volume was definitely mostly clothes. “You’re gonna look great!”

“Harry,” He repeated his name, far more distressed now.

He was ignored though as the boy in question just turned and plopped down to the floor before his own presents pile with a wave of his hand over his shoulder. “You’re barely thirty and you dress like an old man. We are definitely going to go over what matches with what before I go back to school.”

“Harry.”

“I’m just helping!”

The man gave a very put upon sigh as he wilted into couch, hiding his face in the sweater still in his hands and Harry tossed his head back, laughing maniacally. It was a very vindicating reaction since at least Remus wasn’t embarrassed or considering it charity—the plan of convincing him that he was just vain enough to be obsessed with clothes worked perfectly and he always did love when a plan came together.

“Please just… open your presents.” Remus begged for a distraction, which Harry was happy to oblige.

In fact, he had just the thing and went hunting through the pile for one in particular he suspected would be here, and was proven right by one blob in brown wrapping. Ripping it open he was thrilled to see a dark green, fluffy wool sweater with a golden ‘H’ on it from Mrs. Weasley, and grinned as he slipped it on to complete the Christmas day fit.

“Look, now we match!”

“You were right about Mrs. Weasley then,” Moony allowed, still recovering from his shock with a fond smile as Harry showed off his new prize joyously. Thankfully the attempt worked some as he seemed to relax at the reminder that Harry’s joy over clothes was not strictly related just to dressing (torturing) him, but in general too.

“Her and the twins were the only people brave enough to get me clothes last year, but I do wonder…” He scanned the rest of the presents, curious if anyone else would be that brave again and this time genuinely interested in what people thought he’d like to wear. He actually did spot one that was clearly some kind of fabric, although very well packaged, and as he picked it up realized the wrapping paper was thick and expensive and a very obvious dark gold color. He almost couldn’t actually believe what all that implied though. “Did a Slytherin get me clothes!?”

“That would be amusing,” Remus agreed with Harry’s internal thoughts, bemused and curious.

He ripped it open immediately, the curiosity too much to bear… and was stunned by the fabric that came spilling out because if felt more like water as it cascaded over his hands, slipping out of the package like it was desperate to escape. It was made all the more water-like by the fact it was a deep blue, like silk but not as cold, cashmere but not as stuffy. He had no idea how to describe the feel of it, but it had to be some kind of magic as it definitely echoed almost like his invisibility cloak but way more luxurious.

As it unfurled he realized it wasn’t clothes exactly, but it was an entire roll of whatever this fabric was. There had to be ten yards if he were to unravel it all—and suddenly it hit him that the intention was probably for him to make something with it.

“Oh my god—definitely a Slytherin but what the hell?” He was aghast and in awe, to put it bluntly.

“It’s beautiful,” Even Remus had to admit, blinking widely in surprise. “I’ve never even seen fabric like that,”

Harry struggled to keep the watery fabric contained back into its package, and as he did so a card slipped out that he immediately abandoned the cloth to pick up. All that was on it though, was two brief words in very elegant writing:

.

Like it?

.

Harry chucked the card into the fireplace to his right with a shout.

“God damn it Blaise, now I actually have to thank him for it!” He exploded, making Remus jump a bit.

“Do you not like it?”

“Of course I do! And that jerk knows it and is going to hold it over my head!” He fake wailed, kind of impressed against his wishes.

He could almost hear the smugness in the bare two words, and both hated it but also was in awe at this fabric as well as the fact Blaise had actually gone there. Knowing him, it was probably sourced from some obscure, incredibly fashionable and niche place in Italy.

Did I tell anyone but McGonagall my half-assed intention to open a clothes shop one day? I’m pretty sure I never told a Slytherin outside of Draco as I knew they wouldn’t see it as a very impressive ambition and there’s no way Draco sold me out to that bitch.

Which meant Blaise had just figured it out on his own somehow and if that wasn’t annoying enough Harry had opened it first. That had to be some kind of power-play in the snake gift-giving-game that the Zabini heir had picked such a good gift that Harry couldn’t deny he liked it even if he wanted to, and had gravitated towards it even while fully wrapped.

No wait, I opened Mrs. Weasley’s sweater first… thank god, I can defend myself with that.

He breathed a sigh of relief and decided to shelve his craziest snake friend’s future harassment for later thought. He did like the fabric but he was going to need to do some serious leg work to utilize it right. It was both a compliment that Blaise had figured him out enough to suspect he’d like to make his own clothes one day, but also very much a challenge. Something like, ‘use my ungodly expensive, luxurious fabric and make it something good because it you’re not fashionable with literally the best material to work off of then you suck’ sort of thing.

Trust Blaise to know literally everything and then also use a gift to assign him homework essentially. Devious bastard.

He moved on, opening gifts with Remus cheerfully commentating on his enthusiasm in between his complaints about his own presents, as he slowly realized what Harry was trying to do to his wardrobe.

Theo had clearly worked around Blaise again, as he remembered last year they’d gotten him a journal and quill—basic obligatory gifts but matching enough that he’d once thought they’d collaborated. Now he strongly suspected Blaise had flaunted his own gift knowing no one would be able to match it and Theo had just quietly sourced a complimentary gift to go along with it, slyly capitalizing on Blaise’s gift-giving skills instead of doing too much himself. Not that Harry was at all disappointed by that, because he’d done a very good job of it: his gift was several fold with a box full of sewing materials, such as magically sharp fabric scissors, levitating auto-measuring tape like the ones Madam Malkin’s used, pins and chalk pens and square rules and more. Harry was in fact not well versed yet in what it took make his own clothes so there were several items he didn’t even know what they were yet but he was confident he now had everything he needed to give this new hobby a go when he was ready.

From Daphne he actually got what appeared to be six tickets to a muggle concert happening in London over the summer. He didn’t recognize the band but it was very reassuring that she seemed confident he’d be able to go considering everything else going on that she knew about. She’d also sent along a couple of their CDs of the band in question, so clearly it wasn’t just that she’d seen the band shirts he wore for the aesthetic sometimes and assumed he liked them, she was setting him up to like them and then go see them in person which was really cool. She had good taste and was just as clever as Blaise in the gift-giving arena so he was just going to assume she knew him better than he knew himself and was confident he’d end up liking this music.

Working his way deeper into the pile, he found gifts from various Slytherins he’d been attempting to get in good graces with, so clearly those efforts weren’t for nothing if they felt the need to reciprocate with a gift. Even the obligatory gifts, since most of their interactions had been them bumming notes off of him or exchanging small bits of information here and there, so the result was a lot of nice journals, quills, and even the occasional muggle pen. He wasn’t sure about the meaning behind the pens: he assumed they were calling him a muggleborn in a semi or outright offensive way, but since they were really nice pens and he kind of expected as much, he didn’t care. Honestly he was just curious as to how they knew what a muggle pen was much less how they managed to get one if the topic of anything muggle was so taboo to them.

All in all most of them felt very obligatory with varying levels of backhanded insults behind each one, but he still got some really nice journals and he’d been needing new ones for his subjects anyway, so score. One fourth-year snake he’d given notes to once actually gave him a pretty rare potion ingredient though, which surprised him as that was actually kind of nice… before bursting out laughing when he realized the guy was in Montague’s year level. They must’ve really fucking hated that bastard and was thankful to Harry for getting rid of him pretty much.

From his baby snakes he got a set of dragon leather broom riding gloves with beautiful red stitching and his name embroidered onto the straps, as well as a clearly handmade bracelet with plastic rainbow beads. The gifts were jointly marked ‘From Lake and Alden’, however Harry was pretty amused that you could clearly tell who had what influence. It suited them very well though and he was honestly touched.

Moving into lion territory though, he was thrilled not only by his own dose of Hagrid fudge and rock cakes, but also over the moon that Remus got his own matching box as well. Further proof that Hagrid was certainly, and always would be, one of his favorite people for being the lovable, gentle giant he was.

He got nothing from Ron, not that he expected anything else, but he felt very vindicated that he’d still gotten him a gift even if it was a backhanded one. Ron wouldn’t care like a snake would but Harry was so incredibly satisfied that he’d gotten a Slytherin gift-giving win over him, even if he’d never know it.

Hermione got him a book on quidditch and a new journal with golden snitch drawings on the bottom corner of each page—the only journal of the day that he had full confidence was not a backhanded compliment too, so he treasured it greatly.

Seamus got him a broom care kit and, hidden in the box, also braved an attempt at giving him clothes to include several knee-high socks for playing football in several bright colors and stripes. Harry appreciated the effort and also how practical it was since the football club was only growing by the day, and everyone was getting more and more ‘official’ gear to go with it.

Dean did manage to surprise him though with something much gentler, by giving him a really nice jewelry box: a deep green-grey with gold trim and a beautiful jade bird inlaid on the top. Harry found it kind of ironic that if he were to compare the two, then Seamus was for sure the more compassionate, considerate guy out of most Gryffindor boys (except Neville who was an extreme outlier in several ways). Dean was a bit more boyish and definitely seemed like the sort who’d stick to sports themes given that’s almost entirely what they talked about. Their gifts were almost exactly reversed though… which is when Harry remembered Dean had four younger sisters, so he probably had a lot more experience with softer, more thoughtful gifts than most other boys their age actually. He probably would not be a bad person to bounce gift ideas off next year if he could remember come next Yule.

Susan won the award for most random gift, with a daily planner but also a tie with a very cartoony strawberry pattern. Harry had no idea how he was going to fit a tie into his wardrobe given the only ties he had were for the Hogwarts uniform and he took them off any opportunity he could but… you know what, he couldn’t exactly fault her for giving awkward gifts so while it was weird as hell he was still into it. While not quite his style, he’d make it work somehow. Hopefully she wouldn’t mind if he tweaked it a bit though…

Hannah’s he almost couldn’t figure out until he realized the strange bottle was not a potion but—a cologne? He breathed a sigh of relief, very thankful she was a Hufflepuff because it startled him for a second. Had she been a Slytherin, unless it was literally a priceless perfume or had a very significant meaning it would’ve been a very blunt ‘you smell’ type of insult, and if a snake actually gave him a perfume to say that then he might just jump off the astronomy tower in mortification. He gave a relieved laugh as he sniffed it—and it did smell great, he couldn’t lie!

Lu’s was super fun: it was a wizard’s chess piece, but just a king who had this wizened old voice that began coaching him through how to play since he was a newer player. Like a grandfather in his pocket designed to teach him chess! Very clever since Lu had only gotten him roped into a game a couple times and he was pitifully bad at it, so this would not only improve his skill but then also gave Lu further excuses to get him into a game— and then beat the shit out of him at it.

His baby lions (he tried not to think about Colin’s name missing amongst them) all got together with a book made for pressing flowers. They had been very hyped on him using flowers as a combat tool and had all wanted him to teach them that during their dueling lessons, though since it was an upper year spell they had to wait on that for now. Clearly the theme was running strong with them though.

Luna got him a pair of glasses that supposedly helped him see… humpspurts? He wasn’t sure which one of the creatures she talked about they were for but he wasn’t going to question it, because yeah why not. He put them on his head like a headband to hold back his hair and proceeded onward.

The twins got both him and Mr. Moony a full arsenal of their test prank products and snacks— to which Harry was very wary but willing to try it out curiously. Particularly since Remus seemed over the moon about it (…is that a pun?) and was willing to be on call in case anything went wrong to undo the magic. They’d also once again braved his outfit choices to get him a bright red jacket, scarf, and hat that actually almost eerily matched his hair color, complete with a bright green pom pom on top. He knew immediately they were trying to turn him into a literal apple and found it very, very funny.

Neville won his heart all over again with an entire set of small glass frames, each with a pressed flower inside that he’d definitely grown himself and strung with wire to hang wherever he wanted— which he was ecstatic to do the moment he got the chance. He’d put them on the walls now if Moony would let him and when he got back to Hogwarts fully intended to line the inside upper edge of his four poster bed curtains so he could have them close. Almost as if reading his mind about it though, in the same box Harry also unearthed a dreamcatcher with beautiful purple and white beading… he’d had no idea if dreamcatchers really were magical or not, or if this was just a muggle thing with his friend’s quiet wish he had peaceful dreams, but either way Harry was genuinely touched and knew he’d never part with it.

There was a metric ton of candy, bookmarks, small bracelets and trinkets from many acquaintances throughout the school, some of which Harry realized he had not gotten them anything. He felt immediately bad over that, to realize some of them he hadn’t really talked to, or maybe he had just in passing? He couldn’t even remember really talking with most of them once and felt horrible to realize they’d clearly gotten something more out of their exchanges than he had to think of him during the holiday like this. He wanted to say this was the social blunder Slytherins wanted to avoid by playing by strict rules but he also knew there’s no way they’d feel as guilty as he did right now over it, it was more just them looking bad they wanted to avoid. And Harry sure as hell looked bad in his own head for the mistake even if the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs who’d given these small gifts probably didn’t really care that much.

He immediately began writing down the gifts and names of who gave them in one of his new journals, knowing he needed to keep better track from here on out since he couldn’t do it by memory. He’d thank all of them personally in person once school started themselves, maybe giving them belated new year’s candy or something…

Oops.

“These are pretty good," Remus was high key amused as he picked through the treats the twins had given him. "They're what, fourth years you said?"

"Yep. I kind of suspected they were more ahead than their grades suggested they were." Harry shrugged. "They helped me get ahead in Transfiguration last year, and they really knew their stuff."

“This is a little higher level than just being ‘ahead’ as a fourth year… this is something I’m sure a seventh year would struggle to do, much less invent.” Moony lifted a piece of wrapped candy that looked pretty normal to Harry, which is how he knew not to trust it for a second.

“What does it do?”

“Cause and cure illnesses apparently… although going by how unstable the charm is I’m going to recommend we not eat them until I’ve given them some notes on fixing the stability.”

“Really? They seemed so confident they were almost perfected,” Harry remembered the twins boasting about their ‘nearly finished’ prank snack line.

Moony gave a wry smile as he sniffed it once but then carefully put it back down. “They’ve likely been testing it on themselves, and to them it probably is nearly stable. It probably wouldn’t do much to me as I’m an adult, and also resistant to magic… and it would probably be overly effective on someone like you, whose two years younger. I don’t think they took into account the strength of the charm depending on who is eating it.” He explained, Harry realizing that was a pretty big weak point, yeah. He knew they’d been selling them to classmates already but all those customers were, currently, their same age and magic level. If someone younger or older ate them, there might be very different results. “It’s an easy fix but I think I’ll give them some pointers in the letter I send.”

It had been established pretty early in this trip that Mr. Moony had to write back to the twins, something Remus was not upset about at all but actually seemed very interested in doing. The topic of pranks, particularly the mechanics of it all and helping this next generation get good at it, always made his soft gold eyes light up a bit more than they normally did. At this point the ‘letter’ he’d been drafting might be a small novel by the time Harry left to bring it back to Hogwarts with him.

“I’m sure they’ll be both bummed but also hyped for the new challenge,” He mused, attention shifting back to the present that he’d been saving for last. Clearly he knew it was from, since the silver wrapping paper and neat black ribbon just screamed ‘Malfoy’ so it was easy to avoid that one until the end.

For as much as he thought he knew Draco, some part of him also kind of wondered what went on in his blond head sometimes. How he looked at the world was just so vastly different from his own way that Harry did wonder sometimes… just, what he thought of things. Of him.

He was willing to acknowledge at this point that Draco was his best friend… Neville just as close in some ways but Draco was important for different reasons he couldn’t quite explain. He knew that Neville loved him like a brother, that he didn’t just and would always be there. Draco though… sometimes he worried what Draco really thought of his choices or just of him in particular.

Actually getting a gift from him was like seeing what he thought he’d like felt like an opportunity to get an honest glimpse into his mind.

Although… perhaps he was overthinking it some, when he opened the box to reveal something so quintessentially Draco he couldn’t help but feel so insanely fond of that boy. He lifted up the journal, only a confused for a beat but confident he hadn’t actually just gotten him a notebook like he was some aquaintence, opening it and being unable to help smiling.

Inside, in his eerily perfect handwriting with some actually very impressive illustrations, was what seemed to be an entire journal of potion notes. It was completely filled with diagrams of various plants and potion ingredients, entire pages around beautiful sketches detailing long paragraphs and explanations of what each one did and how it worked, the various ways to cut them and what they did to potions. His personally handwritten notes cut right to the chase and made it exceptionally clear for someone who was only decent at potions. Harry did have a potion ingredient book he’d bought in Diagon last year but this was custom made for him, since at this point Draco now knew exactly what language Harry needed to speak in order to understand something.

The detail, the careful crafting of a quill over an entire journal and the precise drawings… it must’ve taken him forever to do.

Before he could really absorb it, he saw also in the box something gleaming and shiny: a gorgeous hair pin of sprawling Christmas roses that seemed to be cut from iridescent clear diamonds.

Harry had to laugh.

Draco is always trying to fix things, but he had no idea how.

His heart melted some, lifting the hair pin but not replacing Luna’s glasses for it just yet, instead just holding the two items in his hands carefully.

Yeah… it made sense. Draco Malfoy could buy literally anything in this world that money could buy… which probably meant at this point that ‘things’ just held almost no meaning to him anymore. He knew whatever he bought with what amounted to his parents’ money though was not the message he wanted to send—and Slytherins were all about what a gift would mean instead of the actual object itself.

The hair pin—which was undoubtedly worth something ungodly probably—was a reminder that while he had money and he could spend it easily, it was almost an afterthought to his true intention. What Draco really wanted… was to help, to be involved, to understand and be able to fix things even if Harry wouldn’t let him.

He couldn’t fix the problems Harry wasn’t bringing to him, but by Merlin he could sure as hell fix his potion grade.

The whole idea of it being ‘the thought that counts’ really took on a new meaning here, as Draco could spend literally any amount of galleons and it would ultimately mean nothing—to him or anyone else since it was clear he didn’t care about the price. The fact he’d spent how many hours though, creating this beautiful journal with exquisite care…

Money meant nothing to him, the pin was proof of it.

The fact he’d spent that much time and attention and effort… that was much more priceless.

He couldn’t help but smile and get a little misty eyed as he clutched the journal tight to his chest. He didn’t see Remus smiling in his own form of joy behind him.

000

“Merry Christmas, Malfoy.”

Draco greeted the Greengrass heiress politely, given his family was hosting the annual Yule ball. It would’ve been so much more fun with Harry here, but now that he wasn’t a first-year and understood more about the politics of this entire thing, maybe it was for the best he wasn’t in attendance.

The amount of ex-death eaters here would not have made him that comfortable, probably… but then again Harry only really had an issue with his mother, not his father who wasn’t exactly hiding his past relation so…

You know what, Draco was going to stop trying to assume what Harry might or might not like since clearly he had no idea.

“Greengrass.” He inclined his head and she gave a stiff bow that was precisely polite while not overstating it, since they did know each other in a much more casual setting at this point.

And honestly he was thankful to have someone to talk to normally for once. He’d done proper greetings of everyone as they arrived, including his own housemates with their parents, and was getting bored of the small talk and niceties that no one actually meant. He couldn’t even enjoy a comfortable silence as Nott was here somewhere, but doing an amazing job of remaining completely hidden from sight and not socializing on point of death.

And given Blaise was standing by his mother’s side as they charmed the entire party senseless meant he was staying firmly on the other side of the room from wherever they were and wouldn’t get a chance to even say hi. He was under strict instructions from both parents not to speak to Dalia Zabini unless his mother was right next to him and he was not interesting in testing that rule.

“Have you been enjoying the break?”

“It’s been quiet,” was all he could say, but by her smirk she knew damn well why.

“Speaking of the notable absence of drama in our lives this break, I am curious as to what he got you. I offered to help but he seemed determined to do something himself,”

“Turnabout’s fair play,” He challenged right back and she grinned, tucking a stray piece of hair back into its elegant braid.

“A pretty necklace and some earrings… oh, and a treasure map.”

Draco blinked, then dropped the casual facade to give her a wild look of surprise. She just grinned.

“You heard that right. He must’ve gotten it from something he inherited from the Monroe line, as they were once business folk themselves… but it’s an honest-to-Merlin treasure map. Father thinks it’s real even, but we’re having it authenticated in the new year.”

Draco couldn’t help but look ahead and question his life choices, but secretly he was very impressed with his friend. Slytherins did love a challenge, and business-oriented people like the Greengrass family liked the gamble over profit even more, even if they tracked it down and the treasure it promised ended up being nothing. That was… oddly perfect, despite the fact it was absolutely bloody insane.

Who the hell just had a treasure map lying around!?

Harry Potter-Monroe apparently, that’s who.

“I’ve stopped questioning things at this point,” He announced and Daphne just laughed, clearly agreeing.

“He certainly showed up this year, that’s for certain. I hope he pulled out all the stops for you too?” She nudged and he gave in, not actually upset since he’d honestly been waiting for a chance to brag. And someone like Daphne and Theo were really the only people safe enough to tell.

He didn’t have a hair out of place but he did mimic her motion of pushing a lock behind his ear, and her eye caught the shine.

He was… unspeakably proud of the small cuff around his upper ear, as it gleamed when caught by the light but was normally so clear it was nearly invisible. The cuff wrapped around his ear were crystal leaves, and the main feature being a type of flower he didn’t immediately recognize when he got it this morning, but not for a second did he believe Harry didn’t fully and carefully pick the flowers he used for specific meanings, always. He’d spent a lot of time before he needed to get ready for the party looking through his mother’s gardening books until he found the right flower: and alstroemeria.

It means friendship, and devotion.

Not that that was the bit he was going to flaunt. He was going to keep that information to himself, for his own personal knowledge actually.

“It’s a diamond. He transfigured it himself.” He tried not to brag too hard as that was unsightly but… he was bragging, no way around it.

Daphne blinked, narrowing her eyes.

“You’re awfully proud for a piece of jewelry you could just buy… and I’m going to guess it’s over the fact that it’s not exactly easy to transfigure diamonds, is it? He’s being a menace with Transfiguration again.”

Draco preened, unable to help the grin on his face.

“More than a menace I’d say. He tells me it’s not technically possible to transfigure something into diamond… not legally at least.”

Her jaw dropped immediately, eyes bugging out as they locked onto the crystal once more.

“Wh—he didn’t?” She was very taken aback, but he could tell from the gleam in her eye… oh yeah, this was huge news.

Harry Potter… using dark magic?

That was the news of the year, hands down. That he’d made his first step into, ah, less than proper magics as a gesture to Draco was a message worth more than any amount of galleons. It was a message of… ‘I see you, you dark snakes—and I not only see you but embrace the way you do things’.

Given the tense conversations they’d had lately, Draco was literally on cloud nine at the gesture, and had been all day since he’d opened it this morning. And not that he cared or that it would change his mind about anything, but the looks his parents had exchanged when they saw it too had been very promising… his father actually looked almost satisfied which really just made the whole thing even better somehow.

Daphne clearly wanted to be disgusted by his smug look but was in too much shock and awe to bother being annoyed.

“You can’t wear that to school,” The instant she got out of her shock she shut down the idea, and he just sighed.

“No, he warned me about that too and I’m not that stupid. If they’re searching for dark objects that might be causing the petrification it’ll be caught in no time; I’ll leave it home.” He allowed.

Even if he couldn’t wear it all the time, the gesture was all the mattered to his beating heart and the quietly proud joy it was spreading through his veins.

“Still…” She let out a low whistle, and he could only smirk and nod happily in agreement at the unspoken awe at the development.

“I’ll ask you not to go repeating this.” He inclined his head.

She raised a brow. “In exchange?”

“I think you’ve already gotten enough information in return,” He challenged right back, pointedly tapping the ear cuff once more. “He didn’t just learn this out of nowhere, I did get him a book last year for Yule that he found very interesting.”

Daphne’s eyes burned as she realized what that meant.

Harry liked Transfiguration but had probably burned through most of Hogwarts’ and Diagon’s stores by now… and even then, he could absolutely just go buy any book he wanted. That is, so long as that book was legal given how many eyes were on him.

He probably very much wanted books of a… not so legal nature though.

Which meant she had a very good trading ticket with Harry now, in exchange for her silence about what he wanted them for.

“Deal,” She offered her hand immediately and Draco took it almost carelessly, very unsurprised that she was satisfied with the agreement.

“Outside of business then, are you enjoying the party?”

Daphne relaxed her manic look for a second to give him a small eye roll, glancing out at the crowd of adults all with much more important things to talk about than their children wandering on the outskirts of the ballroom. “What exactly is there to do here besides business?”

He made a face, unable to deny it but still offended.

“Have a cookie then. Mother imported them.”

“I’m sure they’re fantastic if Lady Malfoy was the one who got them, but I’m not going to hover over the food.” It was far too socially awkward a position for a society that was supposed to appear effortless.

They both just huffed silently and looked out at the party, kind of at a loss now.

The Yule party had always been a huge highlight in Draco’s memory. This though was very… stuffy.

He’d spent too much time with Harry.

He’d spent too much time with Gryffindors, actually, but he’d rather die than admit that.

Still… Daphne was the only Slytherin in the football club and by the way she seemed exceptionally subdued and bored from how she normally acted except when they were talking about one lion in particular, implied she maybe had the same issue he did.

It’d be different someday… when they were the adults and all this small talk was about things they cared about and wanted. Right now they were just children though, in a room of a hundred adults snakes (a good portion being death eaters) talking about things far out of their depth for now. This was not the place to talk Hogwarts politics, so they reminded silent and to themselves to get out of the way until dinner where they could at least comment on the delicious food as politeness required.

He and Daphne weren’t exactly people who sat together and chatted very often, but even they had things they maybe could’ve said if they were bored in any other situation. Here though, with so many ears and more-clever snakes…

They exchanged a few other niceties and spoke about absolutely nothing important to while away the rest of the party, while Draco wondered when he’d stopped seeing this as something fun, and started to agree with his absent godfather’s opinion on parties.

000

“Moony, where will you go after this?”

Remus blinked and looked down at him, but even if the sudden broaching of the conversation was a surprise, that topic itself wasn’t. He didn’t make a huge deal of it, for which Harry was thankful, they just kept calmly feeding their new cow friends their cold morning treat from yesterday’s dinner left overs.

“They begin tending to the seedlings as early as the end of January I believe, in the greenhouses… but they won’t put them into the ground until late March or April. Mr. Benson told me he’ll hire on seasonal help around then as well, so I’ll need to be out by then.” He explained calmly.

“So we won’t be back here again.” Was the question Harry was really after.

“Probably not… although if my next situation does not last the year perhaps Mr. Benson will let me return for next winter. You never know.” Remus was good at staying optimistic, even if Harry was quietly kind of anxious for him.

He did get it though. In order to escape his relatives he’d been willing to live in a cardboard box if it came to that, it literally didn’t matter where or what it was so long as he was free. It was also partly the reason he was so unbothered by the fact they were staying in this little shack for the break: it was practically a palace compared to a cupboard or a shed.

It was just… just because he understood how ‘anything’ was completely fine when you were desperate, didn’t mean he wasn’t anxious. He hadn’t blinked twice when it was him living in a box, but it did stress him out to not know where Moony was going though. To know not even Moony himself knew where he was going brought an uncertainty back to his heart he hadn’t felt since he’d been here.

The werewolf seemed to read his mind as he pet the cow nudging at his arms in front of him.

“Harry… please let me worry about the adult things for a bit. My living situation is my living situation, and I’ve managed so far haven’t I? You have a new semester ahead of you, not to mention now you want to take muggle lessons as well, you’ll be more than busy enough. Just focus on that for now.” He begged.

“Will I be able to visit you this summer?”

“…I don’t know.” He admitted, and Harry hated that it sounded completely, genuinely honest. Remus himself didn’t know where his next job or housing would be, or if it would last an entire summer break if he did get something, so he could promise nothing.

Harry knew it wasn’t Remus’ fault, so he didn’t push or argue even if he really wanted to. He wanted to beg Remus to let him stay here today, much less that he could visit again someday… but neither of them knew if it would even be possible. It had taken so much to just make this holiday happen, it felt like a miracle. That the twins had helped as they had, that Dumbledore hadn’t found out about it so far as they knew, that Remus just happened to have a place and was between jobs to have so much time to give him, that there just happened to be no full moon during this Christmas season…

It felt like the stars had aligned, and Harry knew the chances it would again were very, very slim.

But I don’t want to go.

Everything about who he was implied admitting that to himself should’ve been much harder than it was, but it was the painful truth that the one emotion he could not shake or deny right now was that he did not want to go.

It was New Year’s Day. Tomorrow Remus would take them back to London and he’d use his cloak to slip back onto the train returning to Hogwarts, and the next day life would continue like it had been at school. This little break of his, where his entire world and troubles and worries about the future just seemed to pause… it would be over.

Remus would go back to being words on the other side of a page, with carefully chosen sentences hiding things from him so that Harry wouldn’t ever know where he was or if he was safe from bastard wizards giving him a hard time. He would just have to wonder and know that even if bad things were happening, Remus would never tell him over a letter.

And just god did he not want that to happen.

Hogwarts had once been his safe haven, the place where the world was ‘right’ and he had the most control over himself and his life. Now it just seemed… exhausting.

The holiday break was supposed to be that—a break—to reenergize you for the coming year but… Harry kind of just felt like this was the first break he’d ever gotten, so being faced with returning to normal life seemed unbelievable tiring. How did he ever even have the energy to do half of what he had before?

A gentle hand came down on his head, pulling him from his thoughts and mindless petting of the large snout in front of him searching for more treats—despite the fact it was all done.

Moony caught his eye, giving a small but genuine smile.

“Don’t be sad pup, you never know what the future will bring. I know it seems like an eternity away, but you’ll have classes and your friends and all your hobbies to keep you busy, and before you know it we’ll have another opportunity. It might not be the same as this one but I look forward to it anyway, don’t you?”

“Yeah,” he agreed, trying not to be sad on his last day here but unable to help it. “I have a plan for the summer in any case so even if I can’t visit you, you have to visit me.” He demanded, and Remus smiled.

“If wherever you’ll staying will have me, then I’ll try.” He agreed.

“Oh trust me I’m sure he’ll love to see you,” Harry boasted, and while the werewolf clearly didn’t not fully believe him, he didn’t argue. He’d thankfully learned early on that arguing with this extremely strong-willed child was reserved for only hills he was willing to die on as it took far too much effort to bother normally.

After that night when they’d had their real heart-to-heart, they’d talked on an off about more serious things. Unlike in the beginning where it’d pointedly been avoided for fear of bringing the happy mood of the holiday down, once the dam had broken and everything had come spilling out… occasionally they’d touch on harder topics throughout the days, if ever the conversation brought them close enough that it was worth talking about.

Remus now knew all about his relatives.

Every little thing… the cupboard, the chores, the injustice… the magical accident he’d had, the shed…

Remus was lucky it wasn’t the first time he’d said it, as he actually did manage to get it out in a much more coherent method than Neville had gotten it. There was still a lot of ugly crying and blubbering words though, to which thankfully Moony didn’t so much as blink, like he’d promised.

And actually, the words kept flowing only because Remus then shared his own life back to contribute to the torrent.

The silver for Christmas, the prejudice against werewolves. How he’d been bitten, how his own mother had used a cruciatus instead of admitting to having a werewolf child. His own homelife and desperate want for a ‘good’ Christmas himself.

And since the topic had already been breeched, he also talked about the people who once made his Christmas worth cherishing. About the Marauders and how they’d known, how they’d helped. About how he used to confide in Sirius on dark nights when everyone else was asleep and one of them woke from a nightmare. About Sirius himself and who he used to be when they were just friends in school together—how he’d fled his own horrid homelife to move in with the Potters the summer before their sixth year.

Whether he meant to or not, Harry also got a full view of the different attitudes towards a similar situation too. How Sirius had always known his self-worth and while never outright admitting his 'weakness' in being a victim, still sought out help from his friends and overcame his situation with James’ assistance.

But without him outright saying it Harry also then saw how Remus never did, how he’d never truly asked for help and how he'd never actually escaped his harsh life for a second.

Even when it wasn't his father treating him poorly, it was then the world the moment he graduated. At least in school everyone had been civil and possibly even friendly to him—after he was registered upon graduating everyone but his true friends had stopped talking to him, or at least spat in his direction when they did. Then in one foul swoop he'd lost everyone in the course of a single night.

And then he was still a werewolf, dealing with transformations on his own, alone, with no job or any other connections in the wizarding world other than some of his old teachers… and he refused their pity. It wasn’t the same self-belief Sirius once had, it was just… this quiet pride that somehow looked to be the most painful thing Harry had ever seen, from his vantage.

Harry admitted Remus had it hard, far harder than he did with his Dursley problem, but Remus kindly just told him there was no point in comparing hardships. Everyone was fighting their own battle, and just because you might perceive someone else to have it rougher, didn't devalue your own challenges in the slightest.

But still… Harry had a perspective now.

He wasn’t the first and he wouldn’t be the last with a homelife like the one he had. Despite how ragged he’d been worn this year… at this point he was actually starting to think he wasn’t even the worst at handling it so far. There was room for improvement obviously, but the fact he’d actually done something at twelve years old and was on his way out of that situation, even if he was completely fucked up about it, he was still in a better position than some.

The realistic part of himself knew it was because he had inherited a large amount of wealth and a strong Slytherin sense of hunger… anything short of that and there would’ve been no escaping seeing his relatives again, he knew that.

At this point though, Remus knew.

He knew without saying how much Harry did not want to go, but since there was nothing they could really do about it, there was nothing they could say either.

Because the one other thing Harry had picked up, was that for as willing as Remus was to listen about pretty much everything, he was also not exactly whole either. It wasn’t like they just shared their scars with each other and things were perfectly fine now, it wasn’t like Remus was calmly explaining his own horror story but ‘none of it mattered now’ or 'he'd gotten over it' or some bullshit…

No, Remus was broken.

Which was fine because… Harry was pretty fucking broken too, so they were a good match.

But just like Harry knew precisely the topics he could not deal with, he’d also learned which lines made Remus’ calm, capable prankster persona completely shatter, almost without the werewolf even realizing it.

The whole ‘being a werewolf thing’ was a HUGE hurdle to get over, let’s be clear on that. Moony seemed to take four business months to actually believe someone would want to be near him and that was not a battle easily won. Once Harry had finally broken through that he really didn’t give a shit about his illness, he did seem to relax and was even able to joke about it sometimes… but getting there was a war worth it’s own effort.

The second, equally as concerning issue, was Dumbledore.

Despite all they had said to each other, Harry had only tested the waters of implying that he blamed Dumbledore for being placed with his relatives at all… but Remus had a blind spot the size of the moon when it came to the old bastard. It was excuses and excuses and excuses any time Harry tried to get close to an argument about his actions… it was all ‘he mean well’, ‘he’s a good man’, ‘you should trust his judgement’ bullshit that Harry had heard from every other die-hard Dumbledore loyalist.

The worst part was that Harry could see the exact reason it had happened, and it was identical to the reason he was with his relatives. Because Dumbledore wanted a pawn and had graciously let Remus into Hogwarts and ‘saved him’ from his homelife. If Harry weren’t almost put in Slytherin then he was absolutely sure he would’ve fallen for the same fucking trick, as the desperation to get out of the Dursley household already had him doing some insane things… add the carrot and the stick to a Gryffindor mindset, coming from another Gryffindor in a position of power…

Harry bit his tongue because his hatred of the old man had reached a peak it never had been before. The evidence just stacked higher and higher with everything he learned but now knowing what he’d done to Remus…?

Well, Remus was brainwashed. There was no kinder way to put it, because Harry could talk about being locked in a shed and Moony would be there for him, but he for some reason couldn’t wrap his mind around the idea that the great man that was Albus Dumbledore might be flawed… much less that he might, in fact, be the bad guy in this situation.

So Harry had tried, but Remus wouldn’t hear it.

Not because he didn’t want to, not because he didn’t care… but for the same reason Harry couldn’t really talk to Draco about some stuff, Harry knew Remus was incapable of talking about Dumbledore. They were broken, something was wrong… and Harry had his own issues so he couldn’t really hold it against him.

It did put Dumbledore even higher on his list though. He wouldn’t get upset with Remus for being brainwashed, that was just misplaced anger… but the headmaster was a dead man the second Harry could figure it out.

He wasn’t even surprised by how dark his thoughts had gotten about the man, it had been building for so long. That last little thread he’d been clinging to, his vain grip over the idea he was still a ‘good’ guy in any situation, finally just snapped when it wasn’t just him suffering, but Remus. He did not give a single fuck if it meant he was the bad guy, so long as Dumbledore didn’t get away with it.

The best plans took time though, so he bit his tongue and shelved those increasingly twisted day dreams for the time being. He needed to survive the man first, which meant graduating Hogwarts safely, and then he’d see about dethroning the bastard somehow.

Or defenestrating him, maybe.

Either way, both the things he needed to spend now worried about and also the last topic Remus seemed unable to process, were one and the same: Sirius.

Sure, finally Moony had talked about their school days, about who Sirius used to be… about Padfoot. The man had held strong no matter what he’d heard or spoken about, but talking about Sirius had seemed so painful he’d finally cried. Clearly he’d been trying so hard not to in front of his young guest, but in the end he’d failed.

Harry didn’t actually know what was going on in Moony’s head about him but… whatever it was, it was bad.

Fresh, like it was still the day he’d lost him.

A couple times he’d tried to bring up his innocence but Remus had just…

Well, Harry couldn’t bring himself to do that to him. They’d established neither of them thought he was guilty, and that Remus still cared a whole fucking lot about him… but for some reason he couldn’t bear to talk more about the topic. It felt like the strong wolf instantly became frail and fractured when faced with the mere idea Sirius was still in Azkaban… and he couldn’t handle the thought on top of everything else he was going through.

He was paralyzed.

Harry knew the feeling.

And he wouldn’t push since that was the last thing he’d want someone to do to him, but it was bad because the fact he was clearly loyal to Dumbledore and also unable to face Sirius’ issue was a horrific combination.

The trial was so close… they just had to hold out and do nothing until Sebastian Greengrass managed to get them to court. If Harry pushed too hard and Remus finally freaked out about Sirius, finally started to mourn him since it seemed he’d spent over a decade refusing to believe his friend had really betrayed him… well, Harry worried.

Worried he go right to Dumbledore, and everything would be ruined.

He could not let that happen, so he said nothing for now. Despite how much he was willing to tell Remus now, no matter if he wanted to tell him about the trial, about what hope there really was for the uncertain future… he couldn’t.

He loved Moony to death at this point but he could not risk things now. Not when they were so close.

So he skated around it, and maybe come summer Sirius would be a free man. Harry would go to him once the school year ended instead of a Slytherin household or back to the bloody Dursleys… and Remus would watch it all happen in the papers in shock, and then maybe come to their doorstep the moment Sirius was free and he wouldn’t have to worry about where he’d stay or that he wasn’t wanted anywhere ever again…

It was an idealistic dream, Harry knew. Reality would be so much uglier—there was no way Fudge or his loyalists would let Sirius go smoothly, no matter if Mr. Greengrass would see it through to the end. Also, they weren’t teenagers anymore and there’d been a decade of betrayal and literal inhumane torture between both of them. Despite how much Remus cared and still believed Sirius would be the man he once remembered, Harry had no doubt their reunion would be a huge deal. Maybe it’d be happy, maybe a bit ugly, he was sure there’d be yelling and tears and things but… ultimately it would be good.

It would be so bad, as they figured everything out… and one day soon Remus would learn everything he was up to and would probably be upset with him but… eventually it would be worth it.

He had to believe in that, as it was the only thing forcing him to keep his silence now.

“Come on,” Cow feeding done, Remus offered his hand to walk back to the house. Harry took it mainly to help him gets his legs up over the snow drifts as their white Christmas had spilled out into a very snowy new year as well, and the fresh blanket from the previous night came up above his knees making this journey harder than normal.

“They’re going to be mad when they don’t get scraps tomorrow.” He pointed out, referencing the cows behind them, baleful eyes watching them leave and unaware the routine they’d established was ending.

“Well I’ll keep feeding them when I have the chance, though it won’t be as consistently as these past couple weeks. I’m not sure Mr. Benson is aware of these unapproved snacks in the first place,” Moony chuckled.

Harry’s curiosity and lack of self-control got the better of him for a second.

“Would wolf-you eat a cow?” He couldn’t help but wonder.

Luckily Remus just gave a put upon sigh, no longer alarmed by his rather alarming questions. “I’m sure the wolf would be very interested in a cow, yes, however I do not spend full moons here.”

“You don’t?”

“I have a place,” He was willing to answer but Harry also got the impression he would not be telling him any more detail than that. They had talked about how he chose to lock himself away before, which was not something other werewolves did as it was… unpleasant. He could sense it was more than just ‘unpleasant’, which meant the fact he’d offered even that bit of information of his own free will during their heart-to-hearts meant a lot, since Remus struggled to share his own issues just like Harry did.

“Has the wolf eaten a lot of things?”

Another sigh.

“Thankfully not… he has gotten several birds and a couple foxes in the past though.” He admitted ruefully. Seeing Harry’s dramatic expression though he did a double take. “What’s wrong!?”

“Nothing, just a bad joke Blaise makes sometimes,” He huffed, finding some irony in it. But actually… as they made it back to the path they’d shoveled leading back to the house, thoughts of comparing him and Blaise to foxes and wolves combined with the very picturesque forest around them and how many fairy tales Remus had read him for the past three weeks made him light up.

Particularly because he was wearing the red coat the twins had gifted him.

“Wait a second, I know this fairy tale!”

“What one?”

“Little Red,” Harry smirked and Remus actually laughed loudly—finding that very amusing thankfully.

“Oh, and I’m the big bad wolf?”

“On a technicality but I’m pretty sure I’m worse than you,” Harry marched back to the house with cheek, Remus just shaking his head as he followed.

“Don’t say that pup,” He rolled his eyes.

Harry decided to ignore him though, because joke or not it was true.

“Last one back is a rotten egg!” And he took off—though immediately learned racing a werewolf through a forest was a bad idea when he was scooped up and they made it back to the shack in record time, the sound of laughter echoing through the snow-muted forest like bells.



Chapter End Notes

Remus:

Happy Now (Pentatonix)





Chapter 67: Book 2 : Envy : 34




“Happy term Harry!”

“Thanks, you too!” He called over his shoulder, but there was so much happening he almost didn’t actually see who’d said that.

“But these are muggle then?” Hannah ripped his attention back to the conversation at hand, still grabbing his arm to inspect the beaded bracelet he had on, Alden’s present on display.

“Yeah, you can get the beads and string them together however you want. Beads come in all sorts of colors.”

“I really like the colors!” Alison, a third year Gryffindor from the football club agreed with the glint in Hannah’s eye eagerly.

“Now that I think about it, plastic really isn’t common in the magical world is it?” Otto tilted his head.

“I thought plastic was supposed to be cheap or like… bad?”

“It really just depends on what it is, plastic comes in all sorts, but yeah beads like this are kind of cheap but there are literally limitless options so it’s easy to put them together into custom bracelets like this,” Harry shrugged. “And actually, it’s probably not popular in the magical world because transfiguring metals to make stuff is easy compared to something like plastic. It’s actually really interesting if you want to know-”

“We don’t.” All six of the people clustered around to chat in the Great Hall upon their arrival back to Hogwarts chimed at the exact same time, and Harry had never felt more offended.

“Transfiguration is interesting!” He stamped his foot.

“Pass,” Lu just scratched his ear, avoiding eye contact.

“Where’s your Ravenclaw curiosity!?”

“Wherever you stashed your Gryffindor loyalty. Still pass.”

Harry was just gob-smacked at the cheek, so he made a show of huffing and stomping away to continue on his journey, ignoring their laughter behind him. On one hand the audacity to throw his house struggles around so casually, but on the other hand that was super fucking funny so he let it slide. He was still very much in the holiday spirit after all as he ran around trying to grab as many people as he could that he’d missed with Christmas presents this year, candy and small cards he’d written as belated gifts to try and make it up to them.

He had not realized Alden’s bracelet would be so popular, particularly amongst the girls who were seeing him wear it, and while he couldn’t exactly out him as the originator for fear of that knowledge making it back to the snake house and causing the poor kid even more trouble, it was still kind of ironic.

And also fortunate, since he now had a long list of acquaintances and semi-friends that he didn’t know that deeply who might be getting handmade bead bracelets for their birthdays during the next year. The only people who would take real offense to that would be Slytherins, and they didn’t celebrate birthdays so it actually worked out perfectly. Double so as he could just order some beads or have Axeclaw source some from a muggle craft store for him… or he could flex his Transfiguration and try to make them himself.

With the new Chemistry textbooks in his bag and everything Remus had managed to teach him the past couple weeks, he now had a rudimentary understanding of the topic, and found it ‘clicked’ the same way a lot of Transfiguration did for him. While he really did not like the implication he was in any way a prodigy or that this was all more than a hobby for himself when he was bored, the fact the textbooks he’d chowed through were marked for higher level muggle classes and he was only twelve probably spoke for itself.

Other than the few people he really trusted with all his information (meaning Neville, Draco, and the twins) he would not be revealing those books to anyone, nor how much he understood about a muggle science just yet. So, it was kind of lucky they no longer wanted to hear him rant about Transfiguration because while he’d been wrapped up in the excitement of the topic at first, he didn’t actually know if he could give them the full explanation without betraying some chemistry knowledge that the muggleborns and half-bloods present might pick up on.

He'd keep it to himself for now.

He knew just enough about the concept of atoms and elements at this point to know generally how a lot of common things were made, like organics and plastics specifically, which meant he was just knowledgeable enough to be dangerous with it… but luckily he’d finished the chapter he’d been reading about long organic polymer chains to know he needed to cool it before he hurt himself.

Pushing the limits of Chemistry might not cause his magical core to explode, but from his brief introduction to entropy he realized everything else around him might be in danger of exploding instead.

Which now that I think about it, I need to study Seamus some to see if this isn’t why his spells keep blowing up… THAT would be amusing.

“Hey, Harry?”

He turned, Lu having abandoned the group discussion to follow him. He waited for him to catch up and could tell by the tone it wasn’t an ‘oh by the way’ type of conversation they were about to have. Especially when he moved them off to the side of the Great Hall to be away from the general chaos of people reuniting with friends on their first day back and before classes hit tomorrow.

“What’s up?”

“On the topic of Gryffindor, I remembered there was something I’ve been meaning to tell you.” He offered, slightly more seriously which Harry responded in kind.

“That’s never a good thing,” He sighed.

“Yeah well, I don’t know about this one… it’s just, before break there was this rumor going around that you were in the Slytherin common room earlier. Which is one thing, but I think some upper years are adding it onto the uh… you know, the chamber rumor you already had to deal with. Just though you should know." He ran a hand over the back of his neck awkwardly.

But Harry had to just stare at him.

"Er… yeah?"

Lu stared right back. “What do you mean ‘yeah’?”

“I mean…”

"Wait, it's true?" He burst out, looking more frazzled than Harry had seen him so far since they met.

"Yeah? I don't know the password or anything but some of my friends let me in sometimes. It's a much quieter place to do homework than Gryffindor tower, let me tell you." He tried to defend himself, but he kind of knew there was no defending it.

He had never exactly hidden that he went there… did he? He was positive his roommates knew but he also didn’t exactly boast about being allowed in there since it was a tenuous truce. He was on his best behavior when he was in snake territory and being loud about their graciousness seemed like a bad way to repay them for not hexing him so far, with or without Dalia Zabini’s permission.

He did not realize it was such revolutionary news going by Lu’s expression.

"That's crazy. That’s really crazy, you know that right? They really just let you do that?"

"I mean…" What did he do to save this? He couldn’t really deny it was pretty insane they actually let him hang out there sometimes even if he’d gotten used to it, but he also didn’t want to get into the detailed explanation of Slytherin politics that had allowed it to be. He switched gears instead: "Did you want to visit Gryffindor? I can't let you into Slytherin as that's not my place but I see no reason we can't visit each other’s common rooms if you're curious."

The Ravenclaw just fully gaped at him as if he could not believe what he was hearing for a moment, before giving into the crazy and just heaving a sigh.

"Ah. Maybe… later." His tone implying that later would be much, much later and only if school sentiment about house lines changed quite drastically in the future. Which was Harry’s ultimate goal, so he made a note not to forget that Lu had promised him a ‘maybe’ even if he clearly didn’t mean it.

"Is this rumor phrased as something even worse than the chamber thing?" He was curious to know.

"I guess not. No more than you being chummy with Slytherins is in the first place. I'm sure your house likes it a lot less."

"Tell me something I don't know." He rolled his eyes. "I'm not giving up my invite into the snake den just to make them happy though, I really like it there."

"How have you not been hexed?"

"That's a long story and unless you like crazy snake politics then you don't want to know."

"Yeah no," Lu crossed his arms over his chest, leaning back for a second with an odd look on his face as he absorbed all this for a minute. "You confuse me sometimes." He decided.

"Glad I can entertain." Harry stuck his tongue out at him.

"If not the common room, then you're not concerned with all the rumors about the chamber of secrets thing?"

"I don't really know what people want from me with that though… it's not true so am I supposed to apologize? Walk around on eggshells? Slytherin doesn’t believe I'm some heir and they're kind of the ones that matter most since if they did I'm sure they'd take way more offense then they already do by me stopping by in the first place." He could only hold his arms up in surrender, Lu scratching his nose a bit awkwardly at that point.

"I guess that's true… I guess it's not them I'm worried about then, it's your own housemates."

"Yeah well… all the more reason to spend time in the snake den," He grumbled.

Lu’s expression softened some, nudging his shoulder. “You good though? Are you holding up with things?"

"I mean fine I guess. Dean and Seamus have been running interference, and since I'm friends with the twins no one has outright done anything to my face. No one wants that retaliation,"

Lu shivered, only imagining the prank Armageddon that happens when the twins felt cornered or offended—just look at what already happens to Slytherins sometimes.

Harry frowned a bit more deeply though, as he realized Lu’s concern and the actual animosity he’d been facing did not really line up. He knew some of his house was displeased with… well, him in general honestly, but how concerned people like Lu and even Susan were made him think there was something else he was missing.

“I’m thinking Dean and Seamus might be doing a lot of interference actually, since I really haven’t had a run-in with anyone from my house other than Ron, and even with him he hasn’t said a word to me since Halloween. Susan was worried earlier too—what exactly is it you’re hearing that made you ask?”

Lu froze for a beat, before slumping forward in defeat. He took his arm and pulled him all the way to the nearest wall, for a truly ‘private’ conversation now and someone walking out of the Great Hall wouldn’t suddenly happen into their conversation.

“I—and some others probably—hesitated telling you this because frankly we were worried what you’d do to them but… at this point it might just be self-defense and I’d feel bad if you were caught unaware. Please don’t transfigure them into mice or anything though?”

“Well that’s a horrific start,” Harry felt his eyes narrow, dreading where this was going.

Lu just waved him off. “If no one has actually said anything to you then good, it means they’re not brave enough to actually do anything. It’s just, they’re saying some pretty bad shit and while they’re not exactly gaining momentum they’re also not being corrected on it I don’t think? So it’s just getting worse and uglier it sounds like.”

“Like the rumors or…?”

Lu glanced around the hall but apparently didn’t see anyone he was cautious of so just lowered his voice some.

“The ringleader is definitely Michael Spence, but all the sixth year Gryffindor boys are in on it along with Irene and Olive from their year. The other girls apparently had this huge falling out with them, but I don’t really get girls to begin with to know if it’s related or they just don’t like each other—either way Irene and Olive have been hanging out with Spence and them and are definitely not big fans of yours.” He explained quickly.

The solid names felt good since Harry could now properly identify who the big issues were, but… it also felt distinctly shitty that they were so against him that even a third year Ravenclaw knew them all by name and what their drama was right now. The fact Harry didn’t already know this definitely felt like a set up somehow, or like the information was very purposefully being kept from his attention.

Which, from Lu’s words earlier and how quiet he was being right now, it probably had been.

He did know enough to put some pieces together though.

“Those are who Ron’s been hanging out with, aren’t they.” He frowned, and Lu just nodded in grim confirmation.

Sixth years huh… yeah, he could see why Ron had started to get cocky before, if he as a second year had been absorbed into a sixth-year friend group that large. Harry didn’t think for a second they actually liked or were super-friends with Ron though, they were probably friendly enough given they had a shared hatred and common goal, but sixteen-year-olds definitely saw twelve-year-olds as too kiddie.

Ron also lived in the same room as him, despite not having exchanged a single word in months with each other. He was sure the younger Weasley was thrilled to get the attention from a lot of upper years who wanted to hear all about every move Harry made and then continue to vent and bitch at each other about whatever it was Ron was selling them.

Harry figured it was a coin flip on if Ron was telling them the truth or making up lies about him—either way he was sure it had no effect on how much they didn’t like him since they were already clearly very sold on the idea he was the heir of Slytherin, or the actual devil or whatever it is they were saying.

Maybe he’d actually gotten a hold over his temper finally, or maybe he was too tired with everything else he had going on to have time for this shit, but he honestly didn’t dislike Ron any more than he already did, even hearing this now. He and Ron would never be friends but he also recognized Ron had no one his age at this point and was getting used by a bunch of upper years who’d graduate in two years anyway.

Honestly… I just kind of feel pity for him.

“So that’s the ‘who’ but what exactly are they saying that’s so bad?” He wondered, and Lu gave an uneasy glance around again.

“Yeah, that’s um… some pretty ugly stuff. It used to be just stuff like that they wanted to hex you or knock you off your broom during quidditch games, to just general insults of all sorts which I’m sure you can imagine, you’re creative.”

“Gee thanks.”

He ignored the stab of sarcasm/humor, his face just grim as he pressed on a tad urgently. “It’s gotten really bad the past couple months though, with the chamber thing and then this rumor about you visiting the Slytherin dorm—much less that it’s true I guess—which is why I was concerned. They really don’t like Slytherins and even you can’t change that, and at this point they basically see you as one. You’re getting a lot of ‘blood traitor’ this and ‘insert random slur’ that, and they’re not exactly hiding what they’re saying to people their year level at least. So, openly… in classes even.”

Harry pressed his lips together. “So it’s being contained to sixth year mostly, but it is spreading.”

“I’ll let you guess what the sixth year Slytherins think since I can’t even imagine, Hufflepuffs of that year I don’t think care what Gryffindor is up to right now, but I’m pretty sure the sixth year Ravenclaws are…ah,” He rubbed the back of his neck nervously. “To be honest I don’t think they… disagree, with the sentiments exactly but… they keep their mouths shut.”

“But their silence is what is giving them the confidence to keep being assholes.” Harry realized.

Gryffindors were loud and brash, but despite what some snakes might say they weren’t stupid. They knew what was popular and what wasn’t on pure social reading alone, so if they were saying unpopular things eventually they’d shut up or keep it to themselves—the way even Ron, the densest person Harry had ever met outside of the Dursleys and that troll last year, had done the same thing when he realized he was only making himself more and more unpopular in his year by speaking against someone more popular than him. Eventually he had gotten with the program and simply stopped talking about it… in front of them at least.

He'd gone off and found a group who did want to hear it, and encouraged by their like-minded audience they kept doing it, and their dislike was going in circles and getting worse because it was unchecked and free to grow into something uglier. Clearly they learned saying shit where people outside of their echo-chamber could hear it wasn’t earning them any favors so they’d stopped, which is why Harry had never heard any of it in a common room or at a meal or on the quidditch pitch—because there were other people around.

In classes though, with only their year level around them… they didn’t give a shit what Slytherin thought, and both Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw weren’t stopping them for different reasons. That was practically permission to go right ahead, and they had. The situation with Ravenclaw was particularly bad since lions didn’t often operate by cold logic, but they did sometimes blindly trust an eagle’s take since the stereotype of them being ‘smarter than you’ was often times good enough for a Gryffindor. That the one outside group that a lion might listen to for no good reason was staying quiet and not actively stopping them... much less if they did agree they didn’t like him for one reason or another, that was practically an endorsement for them to keep talking bad about him.

Which… was not good.

Lu fidgeted, catching his attention again even if he looked really, really uncomfortable. “Harry, ah… some of their most recent comments, or at least things I’ve heard that they’d said… it’s getting really bad. Personal, even.”

He felt a chill but kept his composure, bracing himself.

“Personal how?” He demanded with as much calmness as he could muster.

Because he needed to know. The distinctly nauseous look on Lu’s face meant this was a real threat, even if ultimately it was just words and they wouldn’t do it. It was still a threat and he was not going to be defenseless or taken off guard ever again.

He was thankful to have Lu as a friend in that he manned up and got it over with despite how uneasy he clearly felt to repeat this filth.

“Some of the nastier things I think you need to know about are them saying they’d ah… they’d like to tie you to quidditch post and cut your hair. Or burn your clothes while you’re off fraternizing in the Slytherin dorm. They’ve also threated you with pretty much every curse I’ve heard of… including a couple unforgivables given your reputation.” He murmured.

Oh fuck, that’s kind of serious. He had to admit. For teenagers to actually be threatening torture and murder was… angsty?

But it was as he thought that he kind of just… relaxed.

Lu blinked at him, clearly tensed for him to get angry and suddenly now very confused when he seemed to have the opposite reaction.

“Er, you good?”

“Yeah.” He blew out a breath, kind of surprised how true it was.

“Really? Because that is…” Clearly he wasn’t sure what it was. Harry just inhaled deeply.

“Look, Lu… from my perspective, if they attack me I can fight back, and I know I’m better at Transfiguration than them. If they shave my head I have potions that’ll grow it again in a minute. Burn my clothes, I’m rich and can buy more—same with pretty much everything I own but my wand. Even the unforgivables, I’ve already experienced all three so at this point what can they really do to me? I was worried about what they might’ve said but if that’s it then they don’t really have anything on me.” He splayed his hands out wide, giving a humorless huff.

“Frankly, they’re not Slytherins. They don’t have the power to do anything politically, since if they could in that case maybe I’d be worried about it. At worst I was worried they’d like… threatened Neville or something. If they did, then only McGonagall would be able to turn them human again after what I transfigure them into.” He calmly lowered his voice at that last part but Lu shuddered violently anyway.

“Fuck Harry, that’s—! I mean, what the bloody hell? Are you okay!? Because that does not sound okay!” He hissed, but Harry could only weakly slump in defeat.

No, he answered honestly in is head.

Outwardly though he waved him off. “Yeah, yeah, just overconfident I guess.”

“Not if you’re sure it’s true, but don’t think I missed you skipping over the unforgivable thing: because what the fuck.” He demanded, eyes wide.

“Assholes shooting unforgivables at me is the entire point of why I’m famous, isn’t it? I’m sure a bunch of Gryffindors will love to hear they share something in common with the dark lord.” He snarked, but Lu refused to be sidetracked.

“That is one unforgiveable. The other two?” He demanded, point blank.

Harry pressed his lips together, suddenly less cavalier than he’d just been. “We just had a really nice break, can we do this later?” He begged.

“We could if that weren’t the most concerning thing I’ve ever heard. You grew up with muggles, didn’t you? Which means it’s happened in the last year at least and that combined with a bunch of upper years going around saying they’re going to Imperius you-”

“It was Quirrell.” He cut him off, seeing his point, but not being strictly happy to need to suddenly talk about that incident right now. Still… Lu was a good guy who was connecting some dots and not letting a very serious issue in front of him go without interfering—like some of his own housemates appeared to be doing. He was connecting the wrong dots, but his heart was in the right place and Harry couldn’t fault him for that.

Still, he wanted out of this conversation.

“Dumbledore knows what happened and he took care of it. Please Lu, can we do this later?” He pleaded, and the third year stepped back from his building freak-out to hear him now, instead taking a moment to absorb that… concerning information.

Harry was just thankful it worked, even if he had to play the ‘Dumbledore is always right’ bullshit defense—unfortunately it was effective on most people if you wanted them to stop questioning things. Particularly inquisitive Ravenclaws, who would be hard to throw off the scent of something they wanted to know any other way.

“Alright,” he allowed, but his eyes narrowed. “I just hope you take me seriously about this, Harry. Lions might talk a big game most of the time but they can be serious threats.”

“It is my house you know.” He countered half-heartedly.

“Yeah but ‘they’re not Slytherins’ right?” He parroted his own words right back at him with a stern look in his eye that would’ve done McGonagall proud in another situation. “I’m telling you as a Ravenclaw right now, that just because everyone likes to make Slytherins out to be the bad guys doesn’t mean they’re the only ones worth being wary of. If they were so great, then why have they been bickering with your house for centuries? If Slytherins were the only thing to ever be worried about then why is there still a conflict? Why haven’t they just won already then?”

Harry hated how good of a point that was. Leave it to Lu to be able to cut right to the heart of the situation.

Why did Slytherin ever bother to hate or fear the lion house? The house divide wasn’t a one-sided beef, it was an ongoing war that both sides had been equal participants in for a long, long time. He could completely wrap his mind around why the opposing personality types and lifestyles were like oil and water for how well they mixed, how they didn’t like each other just because two polar opposite types of people were grouped together by a magical hat into conveniently polarizing sides, but he hadn’t ever really considered why Gryffindor never seemed to actually give a shit about Slytherin machinations.

Lions could spend seven years at Hogwarts, graduate without issue, and live happy lives for years without ever giving a second thought to a single Slytherin plan, dismissing them as slimy snakes and go on completely fine that way. Slytherins could plot and maneuver all they wanted and in most cases it never even touched the world Gryffindors lived in somehow. At least, not until one particular Slytherin had gone and started a war to make his nonsense everyone’s business, but that was a glaring exception.

He'd been so wrapped up in snake politics, he’d completely blown past the obvious reality that both houses were bullying each other equally, and that nothing came of it because there was no way to win. One on one, he’d say a Slytherin could probably outmatch a Gryffindor, if not in a singular battle then surely the war…

…but, the house war had gone on centuries and there had never been a winner. It wasn’t even close.

Which meant despite all Harry gave them credit for, Slytherin couldn’t win.

And it also meant he’d probably not been giving his own house enough credit at all.

As much as those implications unnerved him and he was forced to admit Lu did have a point that he probably was not taking the threat of Gryffindor nearly as seriously as he should, he also knew what he was personally afraid of… and it wasn’t hexes or pranks or even the unforgivables (to a point—actually fuck the cruciatus).

It was someone learning about Moony who shouldn’t.

It was someone telling Dumbledore about Sirius’ trial.

It was Neville’s disappointed eyes.

It was Draco’s cold shoulder if he had to break off their friendship for his own survival, the same way his mother’s old friend had.

It was number 4 Privet Drive and the filthy pigs that lived there. It’s an innocuous cupboard under the stairs and the shed out back he prayed to the universe had just burned down at this point.

There were a lot of nebulous things he was terrified of, things Gryffindors were more than capable of threatening him with if only they knew those weak points of his—but they didn’t. They were threatening him with cutting his hair like he gave a shit about how his hair looked compared to something like being able to go back to Moony one day without the fear of someone finding out about it.

His housemates had no idea what he was really afraid of, so they couldn’t touch him. Not in a way that actually mattered.

Lu was right to a point though, that they had a mob mentality going that was building steam, and eventually they’d learn all their current methods weren’t working to intimidate him. What they did then would be something he really needed to watch out for, because he knew better than anyone that Gryffindors could be impulsive in their anger and bold enough to do literally anything if they thought it would work— and that they were in the ‘right’ to do so.

And they had a Gryffindor headmaster who’d no doubt let them off the hook easy if they broke a rule or two.

Wait… that’s it, isn’t it? Slytherin might be better at the game but… Gryffindors were the ones who decided what is ‘right’.

Dumbledore being headmaster and letting lions off the hook. Fudge being a full quack but still somehow the minister. Even people like the Weasleys who had no wealth or any sort of political power somehow being a guiding presence to other light families about what was “good” just because… why? They were the most notorious and Gryffindor-like family of blazing red-headed Gryffindors in existence?

The twins had not been silent about their criticisms of their parents, apparently the two eldest Weasley boys had fled the roost (and the country) as soon as they could, and they were also the people who’d raised the problem that was Ron, so clearly they weren’t perfect. Even with how annoying Ron was, Harry had never heard a non-Slytherin ever say anything even remotely bad about the Weasley family.

Because they were “good” while people like the Malfoys were “bad”. Most people didn’t care to give it any more thought that that surface level deduction even if the truth was way more grey. Even if anyone stopped to think it over they’d know it was too simplistic thinking, but in action the bias ran too deep.

Assumptions like that were a big reason Gryffindors couldn’t just be discredited, even if sometimes they were just talking out of some baseless confidence. If they had enough traction and got confident enough to attack him somehow, all they had to was loudly proclaim they were trying to protect the school or ‘defend innocents’ or something plain like that. Even if all they did was end up proving Harry’s innocence, they’d still most likely be let off the hook if they swore they were just trying to ‘do the right thing’ in stopping the so-called heir of Slytherin.

They could do literally whatever they wanted so long as they hid behind the shield that they were just trying to do something good (for the greater good, even). Only so long as their intentions were considered ‘noble’ it did not matter how dark their actions actually got.

Harry couldn’t help but recall the new information he had about how many families the Potter bloodline had conquered in the past and felt something oddly ominous slide down his spine.

No wonder it didn’t matter if the Slytherins were better at playing the game, they could literally never fully win against a baseless, impenetrable defense like that. Against the people who decided what the game and the winning conditions even were.

On one hand, it was a gross realization to wrap his mind around. On the other… he was a Gryffindor himself, and one with a ‘Boy Who Lived’ type of hero reputation that Dumbledore had given him. So, while it was kind of terrible… it was also very useful.

Because sixth years or not, in a ‘he said, she said’ kind of situation, if Harry got there first then even them claiming they were ‘trying to help’ would not outweigh the Boy Who Lived saying he was trying to defeat evil. If it came down to it, his word would win.

It was a big comfort honestly, but he wasn’t going to tell Lu about that epiphany, even if he suspected the guy already kind of suspected it going by his narrowed expression.

“I’ll be careful,” He promised instead. “I have a lot going on right now and I don’t really want to give that kind of nasty behavior much attention, but would you tell me if you hear anything that’s more concerning than it already is? I will be careful of them and steer clear for now, but if it really is a self-defense thing I’d like to be ready.” He pleaded.

Lu sighed. “’Ignoring it’ doesn’t seem like the best idea either, you know.”

“Oh, you want me to retaliate? Because I can do that.”

“Ignoring it sounds like a great plan for the time being actually, I’ll pass along if I hear anything else.” He switched on a dime at Harry’s threatening smile, waving him off hastily.

He bared his teeth just a little more. “What happened to that being a bad idea?” He challenged.

“Well it’s just that I’m sure whatever form of retaliation you choose would be worse, so I’ll take it for now,” He deadpanned. “Big plans for the semester then?”

Harry knew it was a desperate attempt to get him off the topic of hexing a bunch of sixth years, but he also didn’t actually have something prepared for being asked what his plans were.

Muggle lessons in chemistry, trial to free his falsely-imprisoned mass-murdering godfather, figuring out that murderous voice, the petrification monster which may or may not be related… yeah, plenty to do but none that was common conversation topics for now. And well, Lu already thought he was crazy so…

“You didn’t want to hear my Transfiguration rants and you don’t want to know about my retaliation methods, but you’re asking after my semester plans? Make up your mind, Lu,” He teased and the eagle gave up entirely then.

“How about I mind my business then? See you later Harry,” He sighed and abandoned the conversation, Harry just waving after him mockingly.

“Genuinely thanks for the warning though,” He called before he was out of earshot and got a simple nod of acknowledgement back before Lu returned to the football club group still chatting.

Harry took a breath.

He looked down and from his bag pulled out the candy packets he still had to give out—making up for people who’d been kind enough to get him Christmas presents when he hadn’t gotten anything for them. He still had a couple people he needed to track down and was loitering in the entrance hall to try and catch them as they arrived but…

This news did make him wonder about his position in this school. He liked to think he understood but… this just proved there was probably a lot he was still missing.

I didn’t come here to be Mr. Popular though, I came here to be myself. And the houses not fighting was for my own peace, and for the sake of being Draco’s friend without interference, not for anything crazier than that. My own house not liking me means they’re not hexing Draco, so it’s not that bad for right now. I’ll do something about it after Sirius is free: one plan at a time…

He scolded himself slightly for getting immediately distracted by the first problem he encountered in the new year. He needed to focus on the plans he already had going right now to see them to the end, and then he’d get around to this.

Still… the entrance hall was really loud and echoing from all the arriving students, and he was suddenly really missing the dead quiet of a snowy forest with his kindly werewolf as a much calmer, friendlier company.

000

“Lu actually told him?” Dean raised both eyebrows in alarm, but thankfully it wasn’t a warranted concern.

“He said Harry wasn’t going to do anything about it… yet.” Susan sighed, arms crossed and finger tapping her arm in slight stress. Something everyone hearing this now shared as they exchanged loaded glances.

Susan shot Daphne a look when she had to smother her laugh into her hand, turning away in an attempt to hide it but it was no use.

“Don’t laugh, you know what he’s like! We’re safe for now but once he decides to get even it’s all over!” Carmen complained, but the lone Slytherin in this football club huddle in the empty classroom that’d ended up being their unofficial hangout spot just grinned.

“Sorry, sorry, I know it’s not funny… I’m just amused he’s not after Slytherins for once. Now you’ll all know how it feels.” She shrugged, unrepentant.

“I thought he was friendly with Slytherins, that’s why we’re in this situation at all,” Perry huffed, kicking the chair of the desk he was sitting on distractedly.

“Not all Slytherins,” Daphne just deflected delicately, ‘casual’ though Susan was sharp enough to know it wasn’t really.

“Harry’s entire thing is that he wants to be friends with who he wants to be friends with. That doesn’t mean he likes all Slytherins and it also means he doesn’t like all Gryffindors either.” Seamus pointed out. “He likes and dislikes all sorts of people but he hates when people tell him he can’t be friends with someone just because they’re in another house. I mean he doesn’t like Ron obviously and he’s our roommate!”

“I don’t think Harry likes people telling him what to do, end of story.” Susan pinched the bridge of her nose tiredly.

Which Daphne had to laugh aloud at again, since that was a very funny sentiment coming from someone who was a very strict rule follower herself, niece of the DMLE head and all that.

“Question: do we actually care?” Marissa was bored of the topic already. As a fourth year eagle she was even less interested in whatever drama second-year Gryffindors had going on.

But Seamus had no patience for hypocrites and shot right back, “Weren’t you the one who said it was ‘weird’ he was allowed into the Slytherin dorm in the first place?” He crossed his arms.

“I mean yeah… I still think it kind of is, but Daphne said it wasn’t that serious, right?” She hedged, glancing at her fellow midfielder with pleading eyes to save her.

Daphne was still not entirely used to how non-snakes could say one thing one day and then kind of back off on it another day like they didn’t mean it if an opinion ended up being unpopular, but she wasn’t dumb. She’d picked up immediately to just let it slide in order to be polite… and Marissa was a pureblood who’d joined right about when she did, and they were very often partnered as midfielders during football games. Making her mad was not a good idea since she was one of the few people Daphne would actually consider a friend in this group, and given she was a very isolated Slytherin here she needed all the friend she could get.

Besides, when Harry wasn’t here she was the only voice in defense of the snake house, and frankly she only half trusted whatever Harry said about them these days considering he could flirt with people like Blaise and Draco without breaking a sweat. There was almost no chance his views of what made Slytherin attractive were in any way sane.

Harry might’ve brushed the whole thing off, as he had a habit of doing, to make everything seem fun and light when the reality was usually much more grim and gritty. That usually just made Slytherin ‘look good’ to others but it never really helped them understand, which is why Daphne gave her a warm smile and nodded in agreement despite the complicated truth.

“I wouldn’t say it’s unserious exactly, but Harry has put in a lot of effort to show he respects our house enough that it’s not a problem if he visits sometimes. He doesn’t have the password but if someone lets him in he knows to be on his best behavior.” She shrugged.

“’Best behavior’ huh? I’d like to see that someday,” Dean laughed to himself. “I get people like Malfoy and you, but no upper years have tried hexing him?” He wondered, and Daphne could tell it was a curiosity a lot of people in the room had.

“One did once, but luckily Harry is way faster with the Transfiguration so nothing came of it. Also you really underestimate the formality of the Slytherin common room: everyone is very polite and respectful in-house at least to avoid inter-house drama, less Professor Snape skins us for causing him trouble. If Harry comes in and sits quietly to do his homework in some corner then it’d be impolite to cause a scene… out-of-house all bets are off but a Slytherin wouldn’t be caught dead causing a scene in our own common room.” She explained as if this were common knowledge.

By the way she caught both Susan and Marissa kind of locked in to her words, she knew this was a revolutionary concept to them. Particularly the lions present, who looked like they were completely baffled to imagine a common room different from their own, and were just now realizing their rival house might have a different kind of dorm than them.

“That sounds… stiff.” Perry couldn’t help but comment, not exactly in a flattering way. Still, he was a third year Gryffindor so ‘stiff’ was practically a pleasant thing to call it compared to what derogatory things others of his house might’ve said.

She smiled at him pointedly. “Which is why I like to ‘hang out’ in empty classrooms rather than my dorm—one does not hang out in the Slytherin common room, you’re either studying or talking. Harry doesn’t even ‘hang out’ there for fun, he normally is there to steal our potions notes or talk business.”

“What business?” Perry couldn’t help but sound doubtful.

“’Snake politics’ as Harry calls it. I’m happy to explain it but we’d be here a while and I really doubt you’d be interested.” She laughed, the effect working and others relaxing enough to smile along at the joke. “To Marissa’s point though, it’s not the end of the world like some people make it seem like. He really is just there to do his homework and has enough friends to let him in sometimes. Meaning Malfoy mostly.”

That earned some more genuine snickers, and thankfully those listening seemed less inclined to keep beating this dead horse—potential conflict between Seamus and Marissa thankfully slipping away forgotten at her mediation.

“Well now that Harry knows I can only assume the worst for us at some point, but for now let’s get back to football.” Dean sighed, refocusing the group since he and Lu were the de facto leaders of the club at this point. “We can’t play until the snow melts and it’s a little warmer, but Mark was suggesting we try and have a full tournament this spring if we can get enough teams together. Anyone interested?”

Everyone immediately started talking at the same time, excited for this new prospect and already trying to claim team names and partners while Dean tried to regain control in vain. Daphne also perked up at the idea and was about to slide over to Marissa to see if she wanted to be on the same team again, when Susan plopped down at the desk beside her and by the expression on her face, she wasn’t quite done with the previous conversation yet.

“Something wrong? I couldn’t help but notice you’re the only non-Gryffindor that seemed upset about it.” She offered, and clearly she’d guessed correctly when the blond made an annoyed face.

“Something else Lu said, about his conversation with Harry.” She admitted, but gave no further details.

“And it bothers you, clearly.”

“Yeah,” she didn’t even try to hide it, eyes fixed on Dean trying to coral people but mainly just talking with Seamus now—probably strategizing for teams already. “Harry does a lot of weird things, I probably don’t have to tell you how weird it is sometimes.”

“No you don’t, I’m well aware.” Daphne sighed at the sheer understatement that was.

“Marissa said it wasn’t that serious, you said it’s not exactly unserious, but if you talk to Harry then sometimes I get the feeling it’s actually the most serious thing ever.” Blue eyes turned to her with a ‘don’t bullshit me’ expression that the Greengrass heiress was pretty familiar with now. “How serious is it really?”

Daphne couldn’t help but remember that a lot of what was happening recently was centered around Sirius Black and had to try really hard not to laugh or break her poker face at that actually quite earnest little speech. It really wasn’t funny, she swore.

“Snake politics is deep, and everything is connected. If you put things in isolation though, then the common room thing? Not that important. Even the upper year Gryffindor thing in the grand scheme of things just isn’t that important, and I get why Harry is putting it on hold for now.” She shrugged again.

“But things aren’t in isolation. Everything is connected.”

“It always is,” Daphne sighed, leaning back in her chair and pulling her hair back distractedly. “If you’re trying to figure him out, I wouldn’t. You’ve got to just let things happen sometimes, since for as much as he talks Harry rarely actually shares.”

“He shares with you though.”

She frowned, glancing over and not really sure what the look on Susan’s face meant. “Are you jealous?”

“No, I’m just trying to figure out what it is I’m missing here because I know there’s something.” She huffed.

Honestly, Daphne was baffled because yes, she knew there was a lot Susan didn’t know about so she had no idea what specific one things she was after here.

“Are you… asking for anything in particular from me here? Because plain curiosity will not get you far.”

Susan couldn’t just float random comments and expect a Slytherin to start spilling to her, if she wanted something she had to ask directly and she seemed to realize that, cheeks turning pink slightly.

“If you knew something, would you tell me?”

Daphne couldn’t help the laugh that escaped her—the naivety and earnestness in the question was half shocking and half adorable somehow.

“Susan, I know a lot of things, but I’ve been paid very well for my silence and discretion. I have no idea what the ‘something’ is you want to know, if I know it, or if I’m even permitted to tell you.” She explained in amusement, the Hufflepuff’s face going even more red.

“Oh,” she scratched her cheek awkwardly, hiding her embarrassment behind a cough. “I guess then… I’m worried about Harry. If something were wrong, like really wrong with him… would you tell me?”

…Daphne took a moment to consider that. She’d really been trying to be ‘one of them’ and follow their own social rules, and she knew normal friend groups shared things with each other out of concern and care, just like Susan was doing now.

Sharing information like that though… if she were any other Slytherin who wanted to be part of the football club than maybe but… she was a Greengrass.

And she might’ve really liked being the only Slytherin breaking the mold in joining this club, but there were some lines even she couldn’t cross.

Even if maybe she wanted to… she knew she couldn’t.

“I would like to,” She admitted, because it was true unfortunately. “When I say things like ‘Slytherin politics’ though… it all comes down to information. Things people know, that they’re willing to share or exchange or hide, it’s everything to how people like me operate. Slytherin is strict—you have to have use or you’re not even a player on the board, and in a lot of cases if you don’t have anything useful, then information is all you have to depend on. Consider if someone like Harry were my enemy… I would never be able to beat him in a direct fight, but if I knew his secrets he wouldn’t go carelessly crossing me.”

Susan was clearly listening, the crease between her forehead growing.

“And you do have his secrets.”

“But I am not his enemy,” She smiled patiently, blue eyes flickering away from her for a moment. “It may not mean anything to you when I say this, but I’m a Greengrass. I can get you whatever information you want… but you have to be able to pay for it, or pay more than the person who asked me to keep it hidden. And a bit of information I’ll give away free: you’re not going to beat Harry at this game, Susan.”

The blonde startled for a moment at the direct call out, before slumping into the desk in defeat. “I had figured but… I mean all of that implies there is something he’s hiding.”

“There’s no way I can confirm that or not, but it’s not exactly a secret that everyone is hiding something. Even you, you know.” She pointed out.

“What do you mean?” She blinked, taken aback. “I don’t have any big secrets,” She denied, eyes looking up as if trying to rack her brain for something.

“No? How about the fact you and Harry weren’t the ones who found that last petrification victim. Conveniently left that out when people asked you about it, didn’t they?”

Susan’s eyes bugged out. “You cannot tell anyone about that! Daphne,” She hissed, alarmed, but Daphne just laughed.

“I won’t—Harry already bought my silence. But it’s things like that, you know? If you’d wanted to keep a Slytherin quiet you’d need more than a ‘please don’t tell anyone’ pinky promise you know.” She pointed out.

Susan glared at her dryly. “Is this about my aunt then?”

Daphne wasn’t that shocked. Everyone and their mother probably knew of her connection with Madam Bones, and undoubtedly tried to use that for their own gain. Even being a Hufflepuff Susan wasn’t stupid and had picked up on that along the way, to now by hyper defensive against those kinds of inquiries.

Join the club though, being a grey heir meant everyone wanted things from you at all times, so she wasn’t offended by the accusation either.

“Please notice I’m not asking you for anything. If you wanted something from me, I’m just explaining the rules that Slytherins operate by is all. I’m not forcing you to pay with sickles if you want to pay with knuts—I’m also not forcing you to buy at all.” She rolled her eyes.

Meaning if Susan wanted information she didn’t need to lean on her Aunt if she had information worth something of her own. If she didn’t have something worth trading and still didn’t want to lean on Madam Bones, Daphne wasn’t forcing her to do anything… Susan was the one asking for the information for free here.

The badger sat with this new rule set in front of her, defensiveness slipping away and deep thought taking it’s place as she mulled it over.

Daphne let her, wondering what the decision would be and half expecting she’d just let it go rather than keep pushing.

Instead, Susan promptly blew Daphne’s expectations of what Hufflepuffs were capable of out of the water entirely.

“Alright, you tell me where Harry went this break, and I’ll tell you about this very interesting upcoming trial my Aunt was talking about over Christmas.”

000

Harry found his target and then started knocking on the door in front of him in rapid succession, the knocks polite but the incessancy probably closer to annoying.

“Mr. Potter,” Greeted the voice within the office, and he took it as permission to fling the door open happily. And yeah, McGonagall’s expression matched her tone of half unamused, but half resigned and pleased to see him.

“Happy New Year!” He waved, inviting himself in to plop down on the chair across from her desk, and she didn’t no longer bothered resisting or telling him she was busy. There was a 50% chance he was here for one question and would be gone just as fast so she rarely put down her work so that she could continue as soon as he left. While she gave him a nod of greeting and brief smile conveying her thanks, she also did not close the book in front of her she was clearly in the middle of reading, nor did she remove her reading glasses, instead just peering over them at him.

“I hope you had a good break, Mr. Potter. Welcome back.” She greeted politely. “I was not aware you had intended to go home for break.”

“It was kind of a last-minute decision, I guess. I really wasn’t planning on going anywhere since Christmas here was so much fun last time but eh,” he shrugged, brushing it off as a ‘what can you do when plans change’ sort of thing… and luckily Dumbledore either didn’t know (unlikely) or just hadn’t shared with her yet that he’d been entirely unaccounted for this holiday break (way more likely) since she just nodded that point and let it go.

“So long as you had a good break and are ready for the coming semester, that’s all the matters.” She agreed.

“Thanks! Hope your break was good too,”

“It was, in fact. Very quiet.” She looked at him pointedly and he gave a shit-eating grin, entirely unrepentant.

“You mean boring without me here to ask you questions every other day.”

“I’m not sure what you mean.” She sniffed, looking back down at her book to make the point. “As you do not have homework currently I can only imagine this visit is for something else?”

Taking the cue to get to the point, he pulled out the new book he’d mail ordered from Bethany to show her proudly: a copy of one of the Chemistry textbooks he’d checked out from the muggle library in Remus’ village.

“Transfiguration adjacent question: do you know anything about Chemistry?”

She looked over her spectacles to narrow her eyes at the book cover being shown to her, lips pressed into a line. “I am aware it is a muggle topic. Beyond that I know nearly nothing.”

Harry huffed, not entirely surprised but still kind of disappointed. “I found books about it in a muggle library over break and I’m convinced it’s the muggle method of transfiguring things. They’re related and I’m going to prove it!” He announced to her.

“I wish you much luck, though apologize I may not be able to give much feedback on that.” She didn’t even blink.

Harry considered that a very lack-luster response for something he thought was extremely ground-breaking and innovative. McGonagall’s lips quirked in amusement at his very annoyed pout.

“I do believe you, and if anyone had the passion for this research it would certainly be you.” She reassured him.

“I know you believe me but I don’t think you get how crazy this actually is.” He huffed. “I’m going to break magic and science with this, watch me! I’m re-writing my hardening charm paper with this backing me up because I know it’ll be possible!” He tapped the cover of his book annoyingly.

“Perhaps I don’t understand since I am unaware of this muggle science, but I assure you I have no doubt you’ll break many things whenever you do publish something.” She actually smiled, resting her hands over her book patiently. “That being said, if you wish to introduce a muggle topic into a magical paper you will need to be able to clearly communicate what this ‘chemistry’ is to an unaware reader. How easy of a topic is it to understand?”

He paused, realizing that was a good point… just like he couldn’t publish this paper in a muggle science journal or something, publishing a paper that was half chemistry to a community who had never even heard of it much less knew what it was would not go over well either.

Hmmm…. I might need to rethink my strategy here.

He shook it off, because first thing’s first he needed to prove it actually worked and you could combine the two subjects for actual results, and then he’d worry about what he did with that information later. Writing the paper on duro in the first place was only a means to an end to screw over Montague… maybe he could do it first and then sit on the knowledge in case it needed to be used for another plan in the future.

“Right… for a wizard, probably too hard. There’s a lot of maths involved and this world doesn’t even start learning even something similar to that until third year. Which,” He perked up, switching topics on a dime to his other question. “I had another question about that actually—how am I supposed to take three electives and not die next year?"

McGonagall didn’t even miss a beat.

"You aren't. The recommendation is one, possibly two if you think you can handle the workload. Which courses were you considering?"

"Arithmancy—obviously— Runes, and Care of Magical Creatures." He rattled off.

Muggle studies was a waste of time and by the way McGonagall's brow twitched anytime someone said 'divination' he thought she might genuinely disown him as her favorite if he even brought it up. Dean and Seamus were taking it and would give him the low down if it was interesting enough. Lu and the rest of the Ravenclaws in the football club always scrunched up their noses while trying to be polite about it, but clearly they didn’t have high opinions either, meaning it probably wasn’t that useful for his future no matter if the concept of tarot cards and crystal balls kind of fascinated him.

He figured if Dean and Seamus were having a ton of fun with it he could check out their reading material and play along if he wanted to, but doing it for a homework grade seemed like a waste of time with everything else he had going on.

He needed arithmancy for his Transfiguration work, that wasn’t really optional.

Runes, he’d learned, had been Remus’ favorite subject and had already proven to be insanely useful. Things like the heating runes on his clothes when they walked into town, his atmosphere bulbs, even the teacup he’d gotten Theo had been runes, not a charm like he’d originally thought… there was just so much utility to them.

Not to mention Remus had let it slip that the marauders’ map itself was a combination of some complex runes and wards. The map was written in mostly James Potter’s handwriting, but a lot of the magic behind it had actually come from Moony and Padfoot. Harry knew nothing about wards except that the goblins made the best ones apparently, but from what he was learning from both Remus and the twins, is that those two topics were a prankster’s best friends if you understood how to use them for mischief.

The last though…

"Do you need Care of Magical creatures?" McGonagall challenged, as he knew she would.

Arithmancy and Runes were considered to be the ‘useful’ subjects, while Divination and Creatures were for those interested in easy classes. Gryffindors tended to lean towards the latter two, while the rest of the school, if they were sane, mixed-and-matched to have one ‘hard’ class, one ‘easy’ class on their schedule. Only some very aggressive students, mostly Ravenclaws but also the occasional Slytherin, took both Arithmancy and Runes on top of all their other classes. For third and fourth year it was whatever, but come fifth year and the dawn of their OWL preparations, only the die-hard actually took OWLs in both.

But Harry had a goal. And also a speech prepared because he knew he’d get this question.

“Well actually yes I kind of need all three! Arithmancy because obviously that’s the part I struggled with the most on my paper, and Runes because you have to admit it’s the most useful class Hogwarts teaches, just for practical use, right? But the Creatures class is also really important because I learned I inherited all my parents’ businesses so one day I’m going to be expected to get them going again, and apparently the big one is that the Potter family used to be the main dealer of potion ingredients—specifically from magical creatures.” He gave her big, imploring eyes and could see this news surprised her… and also was working at convincing her of it’s importance to him personally too.

It was a connection to his parents after all that he desperately wanted, and the tug at her heart strings seemed to work to a degree.

“How am I supposed to live up to the businesses my dad’s family left me if I don’t even understand anything about the creatures I’m supposed to be helping source? I didn’t grow up in the magical world so even seemingly ‘normal’ creatures to most people are totally wild to me! I really need that class to get caught up to speed, otherwise I’ll never be able to actually do business with them. Right now the only other major potion ingredient supplier is the Greengrass family but I want to take part in it too,” He pleaded his case as innocently as he could.

He was almost disappointed when McGonagall frowned, clearly both understanding and buying the logic he’d just laid out—that a Slytherin family would obviously not be very kind to the animals being bought and sold in their care. It was an assumption any Gryffindor would make, despite the fact Harry knew it was probably untrue.

But McGonagall was a Gryffindor after all. He had kind of hoped she wouldn’t be just any Gryffindor and that she’d call him out on that line of thinking, but it also worked in his favor when she did not… even if it was a disappointment.

But it was further proof that despite how much he liked her, he was not going to tell her anything more than strictly necessary, particularly if what he was up to was less lion-like in nature.

“Besides, Hagrid let slip that he’s teaching it next year and I can’t miss that, not just because I want to support him but also because there's no way that's not going to be a riot," He grinned proudly, and she gave a long-suffering sigh. "The workload isn't the issue because while he’s super knowledgeable and I’m sure it'll be a great practical class, honestly how much homework is Hagrid actually going to assign? Also…” He leaned onto her desk with a smile that had her narrowing her gaze in suspicion like it was the first day he was in her class all over again. “In your opinion, if I were take the Transfiguration OWL like… tomorrow, what do you think my grade would be?”

She instantly saw his argument and shut it down immediately.

“You are not permitted to miss a single piece of work from my class, no matter how advanced you are.” Her firm tone batted him back down, but he didn’t give up.

“I would never ask for something like that!” He defended himself. “I’m just saying, what do say the difference is? Between the time I spend on Transfiguration homeworks compared to someone like Dean? Or Ron?” He floated other Gryffindor boys names, also with half a mind to throw her off the trail of the inner-house conflict going on, and by how she didn’t consider him saying Ron’s name to be weird he figured she was currently unaware of it.

So those sixth years were confident in talking shit about him in classes, but were still smart enough not to do it in her classes at least.

“I can’t help but recall Filius mention he wished your Charms grades were half as good as you Transfiguration work.” She called him out, and he winced.

“Okay so I’m not a prodigy in every subject, that’s not the point! I’m just saying if I were to take three electives next year the workload would honestly balance out, right? There won’t be homework worth mentioning for Creatures and I can keep on top of Transfiguration work no problem—you know I can! That means I’ll have the workload of someone taking one elective which is honestly less than my classmates will be doing, right?”

He did not mention his new muggle topics Remus had promised to send him packets on; he was considering that a different issue to worry about later.

McGonagall sighed, leaning back in her chair some. “What is it you’re asking for then? Some elective classes happen at the same time which is why it is not actually possible in the first place.”

“But Fred and George said they had a classmate who did take three electives, though they weren’t sure how. It is possible, right?” He nudged annoyingly. “Some kind of exception or self-study? I can self study! Particularly Arithmancy since I already started it for my paper and got a head start from learning maths at my muggle school, I can totally do it,” He argued.

She stared him down for a long, long minute where he just gave her the biggest, most ‘I’m such a good student and so innocent—see how innocent I am?’ eyes back at her, refusing to break eye contact first.

Eventually, she gave a long-suffering sigh of defeat.

“Alright, Mr. Potter… there is an exception that can be made for students who prove themselves able to handle the responsibility and the workload. It would theoretically be possible for me to put in a request for you, however those exceptions are extremely controlled. You must submit an essay pleading your case, and then you would be reviewed personally by all your teachers after your final exams. You must have both the teachers’ and Headmaster’s permission, as well as before the start of next year submitting paperwork signed by your legal guardians accepting the extra workload and potential risk to your person.”

“I can do that,” He immediately agreed to the terms, skimming right over the ‘legal guardian’ thing.

He was banking hard that Sirius would be free by summer and at least able to sign a piece of paper for him. If he weren’t, taking extra classes next year would be the least of his problems… he’d be way more concerned about his future at Hogwarts at all if there was any chance he was about to be sent back to his relatives.

“You may be able to, but exceptions are not just controlled but also very limited based on available resources. For your awareness, that works out to be about one exception per year level, of which there already are students currently utilizing those opportunities. In your case… another student your year level has already asked to apply.”

“Oh? So only one of us would get the exception then,” He was intrigued.

That made some sense, given if it was self-study method then teachers only had so many hours in their day to support those students should they have questions. If there were twenty students studying alone and then flooding Professor Babbling’s office during her open hours with questions, then she’d never get any work done. If they limited it to only one exception a year level, that meant there’d only be five students self-studying at a time, which was much more manageable. That is, only if all those students kept the subjects after OWLs and intended to take a Runes or Arithmancy NEWT too, which Harry had no idea how common that actually was.

He wondered though, who else… ah, but he didn’t have to go far.

One might’ve immediately assumed it would be a Ravenclaw, but as a rule most eagles were sane. They liked books and were inquisitive but they weren’t masochists.

He tossed his head back in a laugh. “It’s Hermione, right?"

She didn’t dignify that with a response but he could just tell he’d nailed it in one. “I would focus your efforts on doing very well on your exams Mr. Potter, as you will be interviewed aggressively about each one to show your proficiency. Also, for your awareness, in the required essay 'it'll be a riot' is not a viable argument.”

"Viable no, but still valid." He countered with a grin.

He’d been concerned for a moment there but honestly, he knew he had this in the bag. He was still ‘The Boy Who Lived’ and a good little lion to Dumbledore, so if he kept his nose clean and played innocent victim during Sirius trial the old man would have no reason to suspect him. Gryffindor favoritism for the win, he’d get his approval probably because the old bastard wanted to use it as a manipulation tool and Harry figured he’d allow that in exchange for the victory.

Teachers would be a little harder, as he doubted Binns even knew his name, literally who gave a shit what Lockhart thought, and hell would freeze over before Snape gave him any kind of glowing recommendation, but he was 100% sure McGonagall would vouch for him hard enough to cancel the potions master out. Sprout and Sinistra were kind of ambivalent to him so probably wouldn’t take issue with it, but if he worked really hard at Charms this semester and showed Flitwick how much he could improve he was sure he could win him over too. It might be the teachers ended up being neutral about him, which meant Dumbledore would be the deciding vote and that should work.

Mainly because he didn’t exactly have strong competition. Hermione was brilliant, don’t mistake that, but her essays were boring, textbook-like regurgitations and her lack of… well ‘flair’ he’d call it, would not endear her to most teachers who probably liked that she religiously did her homework completely, but liked less that they had to read and grade it all when she wrote four pages past the required amount. She very well probably deserved this exception and would probably do great with it, but her ‘self-study’ would undoubtedly be her living in professor’s offices asking detailed questions since she already did that even when she was already attending their classes and she’d also probably work herself to death.

McGonagall as her house head would likely be her biggest supporter, but she clearly favored him and also knew Hermione well enough to know that the girl would burn-out under the workload in no time. She might just explode if she were taking so many classes come their OWL year, since despite how brilliant she was, she never made anything seem easy. She gave it her all but it always seemed to stress her the fuck out, whereas Harry’s entire argument was that this wouldn’t overburden him and he could totally handle it, not just deserve it.

If pressed, he would honestly say Hermione deserved it more.

He wasn’t going to admit defeat on that fact alone though—the world was unfair and just because he didn’t deserve it didn’t mean he didn’t want it and knew he could definitely win it.

Besides, the part he was stressing most about was his ‘guardian signature’, something she likely wasn’t thinking of at all. So yeah, the world was unfair, and yet he wasn’t begrudging her that injustice if she could forgive him this injustice should she ever learn about who stole the exception from her.

“While I enjoy our discussions here, I would like to enjoy the quiet before classes begin as well. Is there anything else Mr. Potter?” McGonagall gave him a look and he shot her a grin as he hopped off his chair.

“Nope! I’ll be back when I have a new draft of that paper to show you in no time!”

“I simply cannot wait.” She deadpanned, eyes already back on her book before he was out the door.

000

“Stop pushing me, I’m going!”

“No you weren’t!”

“I am I promise!”

“Caleb get over it already, you can’t keep it,”

“It could be fine you know, I’m just here to ask!”

“Can I help you guys?” Harry was highly amused, minding his own business in the Gryffindor common room and being unable to ignore that bickering first years coming up behind him who were in no way subtle or quiet enough to hide their approach.

He turned to give them a lifted brow and that all stilled in a little group like a pack of rats freezing at being caught, Orin actually kicking the ground awkwardly.

“Er… we found something.” Jude confessed reluctantly, as the rest of them shoved him forward as their designated spokesperson apparently. Which was weird because it was usually—

“And Luna said it’s dangerous but to ask you about it first!” Melody jumped in immediately, clearly the actual ringleader and the one putting them up to confessing but forcing Jude to be the one to take the blame. She and Ginny seemed to be of the camp that they shouldn’t be messing with whatever this dangerous thing was, though the boys seemed like they’d wanted to keep it.

“Er, I mean I’m not sure what help I’ll be, but I know a few Slytherins who would. What is it?” He was curious, not sure he really was an expert on anything besides Transfiguration but also unwilling to let his little pack of firsties down either. He figured he’d give it a shot, whatever it was.

They shifted and elbowed each other roughly until finally Orin produced a small black journal from behind his back to offer up reluctantly.

“It’s a book… but it talks.” He explained.

Harry’s eyebrows shot up. “Talks how?”

“When you write in it, the words disappear and someone else writes back. He says his name is Tom.” Ginny chimed in helpfully. “But Dad always said if you can’t see where something keeps it’s brain and it talks then it could be dangerous!”

“The book isn’t Tom, he says he’s the previous owner of the book or something.” Jude grumbled half-heartedly.

“Where did you get something like this?” Harry wondered allowed as he took it from them, curiously turning it over though it looked pretty harmless to him.

“Uh… honestly, clogging Moaning Myrtle’s toilet…”

Harry froze and immediately regretted picking it up without asking first, holding it by two fingers instead.

“Right… I’m not even going to ask.” He decided. “Well if you ask me then it’s better safe than sorry. Mr. Weasley is the expert on cursed muggle objects so let’s listen to him—I figure they may be exceptions but if you don’t already know this Tom guy then you shouldn’t be talking to him.” He kind of made that up on the spot, thinking mainly of the map and while he was cautious he also didn’t want to get called a hypocrite. He was going to say the map didn’t count as technically he already knew the voices behind it and ignore the double standard.

“Aw,” the boys pouted, seeming very disappointed.

“How do we get rid of it then?” Melody perked up.

“Melody! He said there could be exceptions, I don’t want to just throw it out!”

Harry laughed. “How about I bring it to the Slytherin table tomorrow and see if anyone there knows some dark-object detecting spell? I’m sure at least one of them does and if it turns out to be harmless then there’s no harm in you guys keeping it. If not then Draco will probably give it to Snape to destroy properly, if it’s really dangerous.” He gave the boys in particular a stern look. “Remember we think this petrification business is because someone unknowingly brought a dark object to the castle—we don’t want to contribute to the problem or go about making a new problem by accident.”

The reminder that Colin was major victim in this had them wilting, unable to argue that logic.

“Would you really?”

“Of course. They’re the experts so I’m sure someone will be able to help.” He assured them, placing it into his pocket instead of his bag since he was still kind of grossed out by it being in a toilet and not wanting it to contaminate his bag… at least he could wash his robe later. “Besides that, how was you guys’ break? I have to thank you for my presents—I loved them!”

He changed the subject and they were eager to catch up as well, talking journals immediately put from their minds.





Chapter 68: Book 2 : Envy : 35


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“It’s hystrifors, not whatever pronunciation that is.”

“Why are you being mean to me?”

“Because you called the Falmouth Falcons a bunch of slobs on brooms and I won’t forgive you.” Harry didn’t even look up from his notes, trying to figure out if he wrote down the Latin origins for the shrinking charm or if he needed to sift through his textbook to find it… or if their Charms textbook would even have it and he’d need to find one of his Latin books instead. Damn it purebloods had it easy already knowing Latin coming into Hogwarts!

It’s only been less than a day back and only two classes, and while Herbology was fine enough it was Charms he was worried about already. He’d been so full of determination right off the holiday high that he was so totally going to improve his class score and beat out Hermione, but faced with actual Charms homework he was sweating a bit.

It also did not help that the ‘people asking for his help in Transfiguration’ trend hadn’t let up even a day either, with Zacharias Smith sitting across from him at the Library begging for feedback on his spellwork.

“I didn’t say they were slobs exactly-”

“You literally did.”

“I more meant they were sloppy. Compared to like the Magpies, their passing skills are so bad, like they drop at least one out of every eight passes or something crazy, which for a professional team-”

“Ah ah ah!” Harry snapped up to wag a finger in his face. “No quidditch talk! Talk later, homework now. Say it again!”

He sighed. “Hystrifors.”

“Say it again like you don’t have gum in your mouth.”

“Hystrifors!”

“’tri-fors, there’s an ‘R’ in there. Hys-TRI-fors.”

“Hystrifors?”

“Something like that,” Harry huffed, pulling his textbook closer since his own notes had failed him. “Hey you’re a pureblood, what’s the Latin root word for the shrinking charm?”

“Er… I dunno, ‘reduc’?” He shrugged, Harry rolling his eyes hard.

“You’re useless to me.”

“What does me being pureblood have to do with that?”

“Muggleborns don’t learn Latin until we come to Hogwarts. I mean we barely learn it here, we’re just expected to know it.”

“Oh,” Zach didn’t seem that bothered, just tapping his wand on his arm distractedly. “I mean my mom tried to teach it to me but I never paid much attention to it. Never saw the use.”

“Never saw the—are spells not in Latin?”

“I mean yeah but how useful is it really when you just need to know the spell itself?”

“When I have a Charms essay to write about spell components, that’s how.” Harry snarked.

“That’s just school stuff, that’s not practical though,” He defended himself, and Harry bit down on the yelling he wanted to do, realizing that first of all they were in the library, and second of all he was approaching Hermione levels of academic stress if he didn’t chill out.

He did however sympathize with her hard for a moment because honestly… magic was simply amazing, in every way, but purebloods took it for granted in such a blatant, careless way sometimes that it was infuriating. Maybe he didn’t have her insane need to know everything, but he still had a healthy does of curiosity and wouldn’t just let an entire subject of information pass by because it seemed ‘unimportant’ or uninteresting to him. He also understood it was just so normal to them they forgot that it could be interesting from someone else’s perspective, but still… the lack of attention they gave sometimes was really annoying.

“’Re’ means ‘back again’ and ‘ducere’ means ‘bring’ or ‘lead’.” A new voice cut in and Harry was so startled he actually dropped his quill to whip around for the source, because it couldn’t be—

But sure enough, Theo had actually approached him of his own will to stand a bit awkwardly amongst the bookshelves, though Smith froze up seeing him. Hufflepuffs weren’t so against Slytherins like the lions were, but that didn’t mean someone with the last name Nott didn’t make light-sided purebloods a little nervous.

“Theo!” Harry greeted, thrilled to see him though could tell from his expression this was not actually a friendly chat, he was here on business.

“Er… Nott.” Zach greeted very awkwardly, looking ready to be anywhere but there.

Theo didn’t even blink and gave him the out by staring him down pointedly. “Smith. Get lost, please.”

“Yeah…” He didn’t need telling twice as he grabbed his stuff and bolted with a half-hearted thanks shot towards Harry, who let him go without another thought, more wrapped up in why the hell Theo had actually just said please.

“Well this is exciting! I am curious though on if you do talk to others at least politely then and it was literally just me last year who got the cold shoulder,” He wondered as the quiet snake took the seat across from him that Smith had just vacated.

“It was just you. Blaise gave you an inch and look what happened to him—I didn’t have that luxury.”

That was a fair point, Blaise had also tried to be cold to him at first but had been too wrapped up in their bickering to not talk to him eventually. Theo did not have nearly the political clout a Zabini did and feared Harry would take the inch he was given and demand a mile from it, so he’d refrained from saying a single word to keep him at arm’s length.

To his credit, he’d clocked him perfectly because that’s absolutely what Harry would’ve done.

“You make a valid point. And to think we’d go from not speaking to you actually coming to find me! Consider this the best new year’s gift ever.” He grinned, earning himself a dark eye roll.

“Maybe let me talk first before you decide if this is a good thing or not.”

“I’m all ears—what’s up?” He closed his textbook pointedly to give his full attention to whatever this topic was, but contrary to what he’d said he didn’t actually talk, just put the book he’d been carrying on the table and pushing it closer to him. Harry picked it up to give it a scan, frowning a bit as the title sounded familiar. “Occlumency? Wait, that rings a bell…”

“Those books you said Granger was giving you. They’re a beginner’s guide to an art called occlumency that almost every Slytherin knows, and I want you to learn it as fast and as well as you can.” He came out and stated in a tone that sounded… odd.

It wasn’t really a question. It wasn’t really a plea or a demand.

Maybe it was just because Theo had never really spoken so directly to him before, he didn’t know what to make of a Slytherin who’d never wanted anything to do with him before suddenly making a request.

“O…kay?” He wasn’t exactly against it, but the situation, the very precise and particular way he’d brought this topic up, made it obvious something else was up. He hadn’t really offered anything in exchange for this ask, which felt like a very particular choice he’d made instead of him just forgetting—Harry did not believe someone like Theo would just forget or abandon normal politics for no reason. “Theo, what’s wrong? I mean I can do this because you clearly care enough to bother actually asking for this, but I think in return I’m owed a real answer at least.”

His lips pressed together in a thin line, unsurprised at the logical pushback and seemed ready to answer.

“I know Greengrass probably told you about me.” He began.

Harry couldn’t help but be amused, seeing he seemed prepared but knowing he wasn’t actually as prepared as he thought. “On the contrary, I specifically asked her not to so I could figure you out myself.”

He froze, blue eyes noticeably widening for a second before he caught himself. It was rare he actually could take him off guard and Harry never got bored of it.

“Surprised you, did I?”

“You… do that a lot.” He admitted reluctantly. “Okay, well… since you don’t know then what I’ll say is that my family has a dark alignment, and my father did many questionable things in the last war.”

He was a death eater, Harry could easily connect the dots. Just because he didn’t outright ask and no one had outright told him, didn’t mean he hadn’t heard things. Didn’t mean he didn’t know. Didn’t mean everyone didn’t know—just look at how fast Smith had run from someone everyone knew was a Death Eater’s son.

He just nodded, taking that in stride. Theo seemed to realize he was on the same page and pressed forward.

“I cannot tell you where I align, as honestly… I don’t know. I’m interested in surviving and keeping to myself, and just because I like you doesn’t mean shit. Get it? You already said as much to Blaise.”

“Yep.” Harry agreed, unsurprised but withdrawn since… well, it wasn’t a comfortable topic to talk about exactly, even if it was true. He also didn’t know what to feel about the sudden confession of Theo’s lack of alignment, since on one hand it meant he wasn’t against being friends with him… he just, like Blaise, wouldn’t choose him if it came to their own survival. He had expected nothing less but it still made his stomach a bit uneasy to hear it confirmed.

Theo took a breath as if to steady himself and got to his point.

“But you ran into a piece of the dark lord or whatever last year and that means he’s not gone, not entirely. Everyone knows about it now and that means there’s a confirmed, very real possibility that he will come back one day.” He announced quietly, calmly…but it was clear he’d been thinking about it, in depth, and stressing over it ever since Harry had confirmed it was the dark lord possessing Quirrell last year. Harry shouldn’t be surprised that had been news that had not been put on the back burner at all to the Slytherins hearing it, but he had his own things going on at the time not to notice their preoccupation.

“You’re probably right,” He admitted, though it made his stomach sink to recognize it officially. It had always been in the back of his mind somewhere but… with everything else he had going on he just—

“I’m asking you to spare the Slytherins.”

Harry blinked, ripped from his thoughts brutally and startled.

“Spare them? What do you mean by that?” He demanded.

“Occlumency is the partner art to something called Legilimency, which is the ability to ‘read minds’ as muggles call it. Only a few powerful people ever manage one or both—and you can guess as to who I’m talking about.”

He couldn’t breathe for a second.

“He… can read minds.” He deduced, absolute dread filling every inch of his body.

Luckily Theo seemed to understand the reaction perfectly and didn’t call him on how pale he’d probably gotten.

“Occlumency is the art of protecting your mind from Legilimency. I’m sure you’ve read about its other benefits, like centering emotions and increasing memory retention. For all of those reasons purebloods teach their children from the time they’re old enough to even understand the concept, and children of people who have ever even been near the dark lord especially so. The dark lord was so renowned at the skill that despite most of his followers having studied Occlumency in one form or another to defend against him, only the best Occlumens were actually successful at it and from what I’m aware of, that pretty much means only Dumbledore and Snape.”

Harry couldn’t feel his fingers for a moment from how hard this information stunned him. He almost didn’t care that he’d practically confirmed Snape had once been near the dark lord, in the face of the new, horrific thought that made his blood run cold.

“Tell me Dumbledore isn’t one of them too,” He choked, feeling a wave of despair when Theo just nodded.

“They both are, it’s said.”

“Oh my god,” Harry put a hand over his forehead, trying not to pass out by breathing through his nose but he was freaking the fuck out right now. This was… that was so not good.

“The dark lord wants you dead, specifically. For obvious reasons.” Harry couldn’t even blink at that he was so unsurprised, but he was alarmed by how blunt Theo was being. “That means there’s a very real, if not inevitable chance you’ll face him again in some form or another. And if you’re not the absolute best at Occlumency, he’s going to know you’ve been sitting at the Slytherin table. Blaise and Greengrass are probably safe, but I’m not. Draco is not, if that compels you any more than my own life.” He declared candidly.

Harry just… felt cold.

Theo was asking him to spare his life, essentially. Do this, spare the children of death eaters who would be tortured at minimum if the dark lord ever learned they were being chummy with his arch enemy. Given he’d tried to kill Harry as a one-year-old, clearly he wouldn’t hesitate about eleven and twelve-year-olds either.

“No one wants to actually think about this.” Theo pressed when Harry wasn’t immediately reacting. “But this is hard to learn and no one knows what’ll happen tomorrow so… there’s always a chance it’s too late to help, but that doesn’t mean starting now isn’t wise. You already have started but I noticed you stopped reading them lately and I… just want to ask you to pick them up again.” He admitted, finally losing some of the determination he’d come in with to look at the table between them.

He'd done what he could by asking, and he’d made a damn good argument. The rest was up to Harry though and he knew he couldn’t push.

But… Harry needed a moment to wrap his head around this.

“Does… does Dumbledore read everyone’s mind? Is that a thing Slytherin has always known he can do?” He needed to know.

Theo pressed his lips again. “Legilimency is more complicated than just ‘reading minds’—that’s what muggles call it so I figured you’d be able to relate to that most easily. So far as I understand it, it’s more an art form. A Legilimens can not only sift through a complicated mind, but can also interpret what they see, which is nothing like reading things word for word. Things like that are difficult to do and take time, so if you’ve limited your contact with him I doubt he’s seen much.” He frowned. “I’d avoid eye-contact with him though, if you are near him. Normally you need a wand in hand but it’s a fear amongst a lot of darker families that both him and the dark lord can do it just through eye contact.”

Again, going from his expression and considering it was the son of a death eater telling him this, it was probably closer to something the dark lord’s other servants had witnessed and spread through the grape vine. Which was about as close to a primary source as Harry had gotten so far in any of this mess of a wizarding world.

He folded his hands together on the table and leaned forward on his elbows to press them into his lips, closing his eyes to think this over.

He desperately searched his memory for the times he’d been near Dumbledore, hoping against hope he hadn’t happened to be thinking anything bad when in front of him. The time he’d been called into his office this year he’d been so focused on Alden he was pretty sure any thoughts of Sirius or Remus hadn’t been close to the surface, and he hadn’t been there that long for Dumbledore to dig deeper and find things like that.

After all that had happened before Christmas break and he’d definitely found out that Harry had gone AWOL since the twins confirmed they’d been grounded right up until the morning the Hogwarts’s Express had made its return trip in the new year. If Dumbledore had known about Moony they would’ve absolutely been found out already, and if he’d known about Remus he would probably know about Sirius, since those thoughts were pretty close in his mind’s web, he assumed.

Which meant Dumbledore hadn’t gotten anything that important yet… maybe he’d picked up already that Harry wasn’t as Gryffindor as he played, but there was literally nothing he could do about that except keep pretending and hope he never got called on it. As well as from here on out avoid the headmaster like his life depended on it.

Voldemort on the other hand…

His head ached and the scar hidden on his forehead throbbed like it was a phantom reminder of the wounds his mind had suffered that night with Quirrell. He’d already been too close to thinking about it since Lu had made him bring it up but now it came back in full force and he had to put a hand over his forehead and screw his face up to try and keep it together.

God, he just… he knew something bad had happened, even more than he’d understood it at the time. He remembered being panicked about his graveyard having no defenses, about the darkness beyond the gates but he just… he hadn’t realized how close he really was.

That he might’ve been in his head and too close, so fucking close to… well he didn’t know what, but if Voldemort had appeared in his graveyard he knew the cruciatus would’ve actually driven him insane that night. The combination of the two would’ve… it would’ve…

He’d known the darkness out there had been scary, but he’d really underestimated how scared he should’ve been.

And yeah, he was… scared.

He was terrified.

“Harry?”

He was pulled from the quickly spiraling panic by Theo’s voice, blue eyes unwavering as always but for once looked genuinely concerned about him for a moment.

Right… Occlumency.

There was a way to fight back… he could… if he just learned this he could…

If Voldemort came back tomorrow, they were done for. If he came back in ten years though…? If Harry worked hard every day to be good at this… in ten years, it might make a difference, is what Theo was saying. If he came back in a year who knows but… starting now wasn’t a bad bet. He had started and… and maybe that was the reason his graveyard hadn’t fallen that night.

The life of that thought helped him center himself some.

A second later his hands went cold again as he remembered, he hadn’t been back to that supposedly safe graveyard in… well, since that night.

What if he did something to me, he couldn’t help but panic. What other reason could there be for something he’d spent so much time on to just… disappear, from his own head even!

He lowered his hand, trying to regain himself but he felt like throwing up.

“Sorry, just… remembering.”

“As much as some dark Slytherins might boast, you’ve actually met him. I’m sure you understand better than anyone.” Theo gave him a lot of grace in not judging his mini panic attack here, which he appreciated.

“I… yeah. I guess.” He deflected, taking a breath. “I just… I started, as you said. With Hermione’s books.” Theo nodded in confirmation but then Harry found he couldn’t continue.

What was he even trying to say right now? It all just… this was so much, his mind—

“Harry?” Theo just repeated his name in a gentle tone, frowning a little. He probably wasn’t used to him being so at a loss for words.

But… the sound of his actual name in Theo’s voice, reminded him suddenly of the entire year of his silence. That first conversation they’d had to call him Monroe, followed by a year of silence… how important that first real conversation they’d had at the Slytherin table had been to him.

It had taken a lot for them to be able to speak to each other.

Harry had pushed for it, and he’d succeeded. The taste of the victory on his tongue reminded him that he needed to talk damn it, because if he couldn’t find the words then all that effort was for nothing.

Not just for Theo, but for all his Slytherin friends. He wasn’t just doing this for himself, he was doing it to protect his snakes.

And Theo was looking at him with blue eyes that were more engaged than they’d ever been before, and Harry would literally kill before he saw them close off again. He’d been the one to push his presence into their lives, and now it was a real danger to them if he couldn’t take responsibility.

A new sense of purpose flushed through him the shook off the terrible numbness of his fear.

“I’ll do it because obviously I don’t want anyone in my head for any reason, and I’m not cruel enough to wish that on anyone, much less my friends. And I now have a pretty good idea of what it is that would come for them.” He winced, but Theo didn’t react to it. “But since you know something about this can you… can you be my friend for a second? Not a Slytherin. Just a friend.”

He seemed surprised but… nodded silently.

Almost like he was hesitant to, but made the choice to anyway.

It was all the gesture Harry needed to show his own cards here—if Theo could be brave and branch out so far beyond where he was normally comfortable to talk about this, then he could be brave in joining him. He didn’t even need to go first, he could follow for once.

“I did do it. I started it at least… I had a mental mindscape and it was really working with the memory stuff and centering my emotions… it was working, and I think I was getting good at it.” He dropped his eyes to the table for a moment too. “And then of course last year happened and… to be honest my summer sucked so hard. I went from being tortured by the bloody dark lord directly to my relatives who are absolute filth. Th-they-” He paused but one glance up at Theo’s blank face… how unrattled he was to hear this… it was reassuring. “They locked me in a shed. And I ran out of calming draughts and… and the summer sucked.”

He finally admitted it.

“I haven’t been able to get back to my mindscape since the end of last year. I’m not really sure if I can, or if I should start over or… I want to do this but I don’t know how and honestly it feels really overwhelming.” He blurted out.

He actually told someone… someone outside of Neville and Moony, who’d honestly been more of an emotional break-down rather than a real confession. No, this he’d actually finally told someone like a normal human but… why Theo?

Probably because he just nodded slowly, considering that new information rather than freaking out.

“My summer… sucked as well. Winter break too.” He admitted delicately, and Harry’s chest actually eased up.

Huh.

“It is pretty reasonable, that you’re not calm right now so getting back to it is hard. Occlumency is exceptionally hard, as I said only the greatest wizards ever manage it so it’s not a shock.” Theo brushed right by their mutual confessions to answer his question directly. It made sense too… this was supposed to be hard, but there was a good reason to try anyway. “You shouldn’t start over, your mindscape is your mindscape for a reason, but if you can’t get back to it even on a calming draught then you likely need a mind healer. It’s also not impossible the dark lord did something when he attacked you, given he’s a master of the subject and there’s tons about this area of magic we still don’t know.”

“Right.” He took that in, his fear of the dark lord having done something feeling a lot less monumentous with Theo confirming it was a possibility, but his calmness telling him it wasn’t the end of the world. “A mind healer?”

“I’m not sure if Madam Pomfrey is a certified mind healer or not, but she is world renowned for her skill, so she might be able to help, or would at least know someone who could help.” He gave a wry look. “You should know… the wizarding world is really bad at acknowledging mental health in any aspect. But you’re pretty good at doing what you want regardless of public opinion so I’d recommend ignoring everyone on this subject in favor of doing whatever it takes to be good at this,” He leaned forward to tap the cover of book on the table between them, and Harry vaguely recognized what he was saying.

“Do you… how would you know what the wizarding world knows about it, to know they don’t?” His curiosity couldn’t help itself.

Theo made a small face of annoyance but besides shifting in his seat he gave up the game. “When things suck particularly badly, the one place my very pureblood father would not think to look is a muggle library.” He glanced away then just offered a half shrug. “There’s one ten minutes from our house.”

“Oh. That makes sense.” Harry was… kind of stunned to be having this conversation. “I hid in a muggle library to read my Hogwarts letter so my relatives wouldn’t see it.”

“It happens.” Theo agreed, entirely blank. “Muggle libraries are very convenient.”

“They are.” What was this conversation…? “Okay… thanks, Theo. I’ll… I will try.” He promised, pulling the book on the table closer to him to place it on his lap for safe keeping.

“Knowing you, you’ll probably do more than try, but that’s all I’m asking anyway.” He gave another small, one-shoulder shrug. “In any case, get your mindscape looked at because that’s probably not good.”

“Right…” He ran his hands over the cover distractedly, but something bubbled out of him before he could stop himself and it sprung to his lips. “Do you think Draco would be a good healer?” he let slip out, clearly taking his friend off guard by the random question. “I mean he’s good at potions and charms… I told him he’d be a good healer. And now with his ability…”

“Ability?”

He froze… was that supposed to be a secret? He had never actually asked what Draco was doing with that nor if he’d even told his roommates about it—he’d completely assumed he had.

“Ah…”

Theo actually half smiled, waving him off. “It’s alright, I won’t rat you out for spilling. Most of this conversation never gets repeated, right?”

“Yes.” He instantly agreed, relieved. Given the topics they’d just brushed by… well, they’d both been vulnerable enough that both had enough ammo to never speak of this again and could easily trust that this whole conversation would be buried once they finished it. “Then, just know he has a latent healing ability. I don’t know if he’s ever touched you as he doesn’t really touch anyone, but his hands numb injuries automatically. Pomfrey says he could train to turn that little ability into a big one and I… I think he’d be good at it.”

Theo tilted his head to the side some, considering it.

“He’s very bound to his family image. I would expect he’d take after his father just to continue what everyone knows of the Malfoy name, but… they just went grey. If he were a true neutral, or at least pretending to be neutral, being a healer would be a great way to do it.” He nodded towards the book in his arms. “Going back to this situation… if he were indispensable to both the dark and the light… well.”

It would save him from Voldemort, to a point.

If Harry had ever loved the idea of Draco being a healer, he liked that idea even more.

“I hope he does.” Was all he could say. He’d be the hypocrite of a century if he went up to the Malfoy heir and told him to become a healer. Should the roles be reversed Harry would hit the roof rather than let someone dictate his life choices like that, all he could do was hope Draco was inspired enough by his ability to want to pursue it.

“In the spirit of being honest, even if he does become a healer there’s no way he’ll be able to hide anything, from anyone. Draco is an open book even to people without Legilimency.” Theo frowned. “I know he’s why you wanted to be friend with Slytherin at all but so far as people you could’ve picked, he’s a bad one.” A liability, he clearly meant.

And someone like Theo, whose entire existence centered around survival… when Harry was still kind of there, if he didn’t have a plan to escape his relatives in motion already he’d still be in that mindset and no… talking to Draco had not been high on his list of options even when he was at his most desperate. There just… was so much more to lose and Draco’s inability to understand, much less hide things was a liability.

That’s not really why he didn’t write to Draco when he was locked in that damn shed, but it was true nonetheless.

“Who I’m friends with has nothing to do with houses, although yeah through Draco I did learn befriending Slytherins was harder than normal. But he’s not the worst.” Harry defended his best friend.

Theo was unamused. “You’re biased. There’s a lot of arguments to be made that he is.”

“Don’t lie, you actually like Blaise and Draco, don’t you?” He pressed his lips again but didn’t respond. “You sure you’re not biased? I know Draco isn’t like… us. I tried to… I don’t know, talk when we finally caught up after the summer but it…” His frustrated made it hard to find the words but luckily the quiet snake understood immediately.

“It didn’t work. He’s far too spoiled to have any concept of what you were trying to say.” He paused, then allowed: “Without saying it.”

“Yes.” Harry was relieved someone just got it. “I mean… you know him, you have to. If he were like, an actual healer. A good one. Wouldn’t that be…?”

Wouldn’t the world be a bit more bearable? If someone already close could just be there and make the pain go away? He already did that to a point but…

It seemed like against his better judgement Theo was entertaining the thought, and reluctantly agreed.

“Yeah. That’d be… nice.”

“I don’t know. If someone like Blaise were to say it he wouldn’t listen, and I’ve already said it so it’s in his head.” He couldn’t tell Draco what to do but he left that implication hanging…

And luckily Theo seemed to get it, giving a slow nod. “Yeah.”

He understood.

Harry felt his heart both swell but also ache from a hurricane of things circling throughout him right now. A feeling of gaining something important, but… in the same breath knowing he was also losing something just as precious. Something fragile he might never get the chance to see again, and though his heart couldn’t really find the energy to really fight back about it, it didn’t mean he wasn’t sad too. About a lot of things.

But still… he wanted to know the truth, just this once.

He lifted his hand up over the table to offer palm up, not really for Theo to take or given him anything but… blue eyes seemed to follow the motion cautiously and then land over the deep scars over his hands that seemed all the more prominent in Library lighting.

“Do you hate muggles?” He asked the son of the death eater in front of him.

Theo just shrugged. “I don’t care enough about them to know.”

Which was all the proof Harry needed that things like dark and light were all just words. That the things inside peoples’ hearts was way messier and uglier than anyone could ever imagine, because Theo was supposed to be the dark Slytherin that scared Hufflepuffs away and Harry was supposed to be the Gryffindor golden boy... and yet—

“I think I do.” He admitted, both to Theo and himself for the first time. His voice was quiet because he wasn’t proud of it, but in this Slytherin’s eyes he wasn’t ashamed either.

He lifted his other hand to match the position of holding them over the table, almost pointedly showing him the scars that expanded over both appendages.

Theo just stared for a moment.

“…yeah, well…”

It was only half a surprise that he reached up and actually took one of his hands in a light grip—the touch meaning almost nothing when Harry saw that from this angle his sleeve rode up some, revealing deep, nearly black bruising on his wrist beneath the robe cuff, and disappearing up his arm.

Right.

Harry took his hand in both of his and just dropped it to the table, heart somehow both light and heavy at the same time. Theo actually let him have his hand willingly, which was a pleasant surprise. Pretty much only Blaise was touchy amongst the Slytherins, not even Draco or Daphne liked physical touch at all and they were technically friendlier.

Harry himself kind of alternated between loving it and hating it depending on the situation, and he thought Theo might be in the same boat… and for now at least, he didn’t pull away.

“I’ll learn Occlumency, whatever it takes. I know you will do whatever you need to as well.” He told him calmly, but very gravely. “If something does happen tomorrow and you never talk to me again though, can you promise to still be my friend? Even if it’s just inside your head?”

… Harry felt the hand in his squeeze gently for a moment.

“We’ll see.”

000

When Theo got back to the dorm that evening, he was… tired.

It was a relief to be back in the castle, but only to a certain point. He was less on edge, but he doubted he’d ever really feel relaxed, even in a place like this.

Especially with company like this, as he opened their dorm room door and didn’t immediately spot Blaise. He hated that. He rather he had eyes on that one at all times since it made his stomach hurt to not know when or where he’d pop up next.

Still, he had business with Draco so it was fine they were alone for a minute. The Malfoy heir had his head down at his desk working on something, so intently in fact that he didn’t seem to even notice someone had just walked in.

He gave a sigh, remembering Harry’s words and disagreeing again internally. Draco was too unobservant, too relaxed. Even in his own dorm room, he shouldn’t have his guard that low, not with the likes of a Zabini living one bed over… not with someone like him on his other side. He was surrounded by enemies and yet… there he worked, unbothered by anything but the notes in front of him and secure in the unfounded assurance that he was safe.

He wasn’t.

Dalia Zabini just hadn’t ordered her son to corner him yet.

And Theo’s own father was, as of right now, too intimidated by the elder Malfoys to do anything but be angry about their difference in status. If the Malfoys took a single misstep and the elder Nott thought he could get away with it, Draco was done for.

But he had no idea. He thought them friends… and Harry was wrong about that.

Well, he was wrong about what friends meant, at least. Maybe he didn’t really mind Draco at the heart of it all… it was just, Draco was living his own life, but the people around him weren’t. They were all just extensions of their parents’ will, because no friendship was worth what punishment awaited them at home if they disobeyed.

So… maybe he was actually fine with his roommates.

It really, really did not matter though.

He bit down on his hesitation and walked forward to get this over with.

He owed Harry, who hadn’t really asked for anything in return for the request to learn Occlumency. It was common sense, he would’ve been doing it had he known, but still. The balance of power felt uneven and if he agreed with it or not, he could balance it once more.

He walked up to the silvery blond, standing over him for the annoying few seconds that took Draco to realize someone had invaded his space, much less was right above him and staring. He blinked up at him twice.

“Can I help you?”

This was very annoying to need to do, but he did it anyway. He paused long enough to get the guy to raise his eyebrows in curiosity before spitting it out.

“…do you know how to brew a pain reliever?” It was a third-year potion but…

“Yes?”

“And…what would you want if I asked for help doing that?”

“Can’t you go to Pomfrey? Or Snape even?”

“No.” He was blunt and uncompromising, causing Draco to lean back some… then he set his quill down to take the request more seriously.

“Alright… I could use help in History because I can’t stay awake in the class.”

“Fine.”

Harry was right… Draco hadn’t even needled for information, he was simply focused on doing it. The trade was almost an afterthought, since Theo could think of a ton of other, better things to ask for. But it was like the trade was a front, nothing else. Hell, they hadn’t even defined what help meant—just taking notes? Doing his homework for hime?

Draco didn’t seem to care and Theo knew he wouldn’t. Because he was weak in the political game and he was spoiled enough to not actually want anything from anyone. He already had it all.

Part of him did it on purpose to tug at the too-soft Slytherin’s heartstrings like the gullible puppet he was, unable to let go of the silent anger, the seething resentment, the petty wish to see him fail… yet part of him genuinely meant it when his voice got very, very quiet.

“Thank you.”

He walked away, and pretended not to notice Draco all but disappear from the room—probably to get what he needed for the potion.

He wasn’t sure when he’d started to get angry, but following his own Occlumency lessons he knew he was just jealous. Painfully so… but his internal seething over his roommate had been well hidden, or so he thought, but… the bubbling rage was only getting worse over time. Festering into something too close to hatred for even him to stomach.

He had been feeling a lot of hatred recently but… maybe Harry was right. Maybe he was just fucking tired of it. Maybe he’d be less tired all the time if he could just ignore it like everyone else did.

Then again, Harry was weird.

He curled up against his headboard with his latest book in his arms, considering it. He had no pride with which to be annoyed he had to pretend to be weak, since a part of him genuinely was weak. While even through the anger and resentment he didn’t he didn’t truly mind Draco, he didn’t actually consider the Malfoy to be a friend either, no matter what Harry thought.

However… he didn’t consider the Malfoy heir to be a threat either. He was too loud and liked drama, but he didn’t have a malicious streak in him, he’d realized over the past year. Harry would’ve beaten it out of him if he did, Theo was sure of that by now. Draco didn’t want to have a malicious streak that is; it’s just he was too easily manipulated so it would’ve been only so easy if a darker Slytherin had gotten hands on him first. Not that they hadn’t tried, they just didn’t know Harry had called dibs on the role of Malfoy’s manipulator before they ever set foot into Hogwarts.

Whether Harry consciously knew what he was doing or not… and Theo suspected he only half did.

Which was good. As many non-threats as he could get in his life, the better.

This though… even if Draco didn’t consider him a friend either, even if he was still mostly dark and just pretending to be grey, he hadn’t hesitated to agree to the deal without questioning it further. That was true neutral.

That was far from a threat actually.

So…yeah.

Maybe Harry was onto something with this healer business.

000

“Madam Pomfrey?” Despite how many times he’d ended up in the Hospital Wing, he’d never actually come here alone before. Harry felt a bit awkward inching into the hall now, glancing around to be sure no one else was around or that the Madam wasn’t otherwise preoccupied. He literally never saw her anywhere else in the castle but here, probably since she was always on duty and ready to assist an injured student at any given moment so he had no idea what he’d do if she wasn’t here…

“Harry!?”

He jumped, nearly out of his skin even, but then startled to see Draco beelining right for him—did he just come out of Madam Pomfrey’s office?

“Draco! What are, uh… you doing here?” This was unexpected.

“Are you injured?” The blond didn’t even pretend to care about his question and got right to the point, Harry blinking up over his shoulder to see Pomfrey come out of her office at a more reasonable pace and nod her greeting. Somehow she did not seem alarmed, then again he didn’t know if she ever did even with actively injured students, she might’ve just been that professional.

“No, nothing like—I’m fine,” He waved him off immediately, not even having a cover story for why he needed to be here.

But… did he even need to hide this from Draco? His first instinct was to always lie but…

“Mr. Malfoy, one patient at a time. You have my permission to proceed with your current work, so please don’t delay.” The Madam came up and placed a gentle hand on Draco’s shoulder, his eyes flickering up at her in a muted panic for a moment before he regained himself.

“Right… I have to do something, I’ll be back in an hour. Will you still be here?”

“I have no idea,” Harry admitted honestly… then made an impulsive decision. “I’ll wait for you though. I’m not doing anything else today, I can explain later.”

Draco smiled, seeming relieved this wasn’t urgent nor secret for once.

“Okay, later then.” He waved as he ran off, clearly on a mission, and Harry returned it… before faltering a bit as he was faced with Madam Pomfrey’s stern expression, alone again. “Hi… Madam.” He greeted awkwardly.

She smiled. “You don’t often come here of your own choice, do you? I promise I do not bite.”

“Right,” He laughed a little in relief, inching forward a bit to be at a little less awkward distance. “I just… had a question, if that was okay to bother you with. It’s a healing question but not urgent,” He hedged.

“I am quite free at the moment, never fear. Is this general knowledge then or something concerning your health then?”

“Ah… it’s me.” He admitted.

She nodded, unsurprised and beckoned him to come along, which he did hesitantly… it felt awkward to get to one of the white beds despite him not being in need of it, but at her firm head nod he hopped up on it anyway. He was not about to argue with her.

“It’s not really a physical thing,” He tried to explain but she just put a hand up and closed the curtains around them.

“Either way you are earned your privacy. If we both will it then they shall block out our conversation so feel free to speak plainly. I’m a healer so I assure you I’ve heard it all before.”

Oh… that was a handy feature. He’d always wondered, since in the times he’d been here in the past he could definitely hear everything happening around him if he wanted to, but it was also always dead quiet if he was trying to sleep. He wondered how similar an enchantment it was to the one on the roof of the Slytherin common room, making it so only those intended to hear certain conversations could.

“Now Mr. Potter, what may I assist you with? Not a physical issue as you said, then…?” The older woman prompted briskly. She stood at attention before him with hands folded in front of her while he sat on the bed, so it really did feel like in spite of her ferocity she was just… here to serve. To help.

He remembered his promise and clenched his jaw for a second to find his courage.

“Theo said you were a mind healer.” He admitted quietly.

The Madam lifted her chin a bit, something odd on her face.

“Mr. Nott is extremely well informed.” She said it as if it were news to her, but not that she was exactly surprised. “You believe there to be something in your mind in need of healing?”

“I’m not really sure… but I was reading these books on Occlumency and had been following some exercises about it and stuff… Hermione told me to read them last year since I had a bit of a temper.”

“Learning Occlumency cannot harm you, even if you never develop shields or proficiency it is a good practice for anyone.” She agreed.

“I had thought so too, going off the books, but then… last year. The thing... with Quirrell.”

She didn’t blink, but her eyes did soften.

“I had this—this mental image. The ‘mindscape’ or whatever it’s called. I hadn’t thought about it in forever but I tried to start practicing my Occlumency again and it’s just—it’s not there. From what I’ve read and what Theo said that’s not good since your mindscape is supposed to be yours for a reason so for it to disappear is—I mean I’m just worried something is wrong or—”

“Mr. Potter.” She cut him off, taking a short step forward to place a hand on his shoulder reassuringly. “You do not need to be so concerned, the first step is to identify the problem and worrying about what that problem may be will do no one any good. It may be simply, it may be complicated… but fearing an unknown problem is unproductive.” She assured him calmly.

That was… a good way to put it. He took a breath.

“Right.” He agreed. “How do I figure out what the problem is then?”

“Before we get into that, I do appreciate your confidence in my ability, but I should clarify that I am not officially trained as a mind healer. Nor would I call the mental shields I have a suitable example of Occlumency itself. My ability is inherently different and purely a byproduct of my medical training— I would need to teach you to be a healer for you to learn it and I’d liken that to moving a mountain to block some sun in your eyes.”

“Oh.” That made some sense. “So… you can’t help?”

“Now I never said that.” She offered him a conspiratorial smile. “There are things I can do to diagnose the problem, even help you pinpoint it somewhat, but I cannot actually touch your shields or your mindscape. I can possibly help you understand what is wrong, but to fix it will be entirely up to you. It sounds as you only have a small understanding of Occlumency in the first place, so it may be an arduous task unfortunately.”

“Well it’s more than I have now.” He sighed and she allowed small chuckle.

“If we do decide that neither of us are up to this task, don’t be discouraged. There are others who are fully trained mind healers out there, I know a few personally who work with St. Mungos. I can have them step in if it becomes necessary, but I do hope it will not be.”

“Thank you,” He sighed, shoulders relaxing some. “What do I do then for now?”

He was expecting some kind of spell or diagnosing things, but she just folded her hands neatly again.

“Let us start at the beginning: what did your mindscape look like?”

“Oh,” He blushed a bit, remember it’s… morbid nature. “It’s… kind of weird.”

“I assure you I’ve seen it all, Mr. Potter. Surprise me.”

“Ah… it was a graveyard.” He admitted, and true to form she didn’t even blink. “From the book I read you needed to know every single detail about it so I had everything planned, from the trees and the flowers and what it would look like in each season and so on. It needed some kind of separation between topics too and my ‘topics’ were really just people so, er, everyone… had a grave. I would decorate each grave with things I thought or knew about someone.”

“How clever.” The Madam was thankfully entirely unbothered by this. “Tell me everything about it, all those little details then, for as many graves as you can remember without visiting it right now.”

So he did.

It felt like it took forever and at some point she summoned a glass of water for each of them to sip on, which he did thankfully as his mouth got dry. Eventually he ran out of things he could remember, worrying that his memory of it was getting too blurry from how long it’d been since he maintained it.

“What exactly is it that you fear might have happened, that night?” She prompted calmly.

He swallowed a sip of his water rather than the lump in his throat.

“I… I feel like he was there… not in the graveyard exactly but like…” He looked down at the water in his hands instead of her, to make it easier. “I had never given much thought to what was outside the yard, I didn’t even fully realize back then that Occlumency was supposed to be something to protect you, not just something to help with memorization and stuff. So in my head the yard just kind of ended in this black space, or just where what I was imagining for my mindscape stopped and then there was just nothing else outside of it. Th-that night though I… I was pretty sure something was in that blank space and it…”

It was terrifying.

“I think I just… buried it, because I was scared.” He admitted quietly. “But wherever it went, I haven’t been able to get back to it since.”

… there was a pause, long enough he lifted his head and was startled by the.. indescribalbly sad look on the old woman’s face, standing before him.

“Madam?”

“Mr. Potter… Harry.” She corrected herself, closing the distance once more to put hands on both his shoulders now in a steadying presence. “You simply have to look.”

“Look?” He parroted, confused.

“Harry, look at me closely now… and stop.”

Because he’d been meeting her gaze as instructed, the commanding tone alarmed him enough to freeze solid.

“Take a breath. Stop, for one moment. Do nothing but inhale, and feel the air enter your lungs.”

Obeying automatically, he did just that, breathing in.

“And exhale.” He complied. “Think of nothing. Stop.”

He tried, he really did… tried to think of nothing but the air in his lungs and the moment in front of him, but he had no idea how this related to anything. After a long minute stretched into several though, he managed to relax enough that they weren’t going anywhere until he focused and eventually he could kind of get used to it.

She moved a hand to lay on top of his head, but he knew it was nothing more than a touch. No magic, just… comfort.

“Close your eyes.” She ordered, and he did.

…

“Relax your shoulders, your hands… be comfortable, lose the tension in your jaw and your neck.”

…

“Think of nothing but your breath. Feel it come into your lungs and move out, think of how refreshed it feels. If gives you life as it comes in, and takes out everything stale and old as it leaves.”

…

“Think of the heart inside your chest, how it pulses. Don’t count them but listen to it without holding onto the sound, only the feeling.”

…

“You are standing in front of a gate, are you not?”

…

“Open it.”

000

Harry was suddenly looking into his own graveyard—covered in snow. It was the dead of winter and all the graves were covered in a thick layer of white, undisturbed. It was cold to the soul and blindingly bright from the sunlight reflecting off a world of icy, pure white.

000

He gasped, eyes snapping open in alarm and looking up in shock at the woman smiling sadly down at him.

“That worked!? But what—wait that…” He shook his head and she released her touch, not before patting him on the head gently.

“There is nothing wrong with you. You are fine, Mr. Potter.” She assured his very confused eyes that were begging her for an explanation. “You just needed to stop, turn around, and look. I confess I’m no expert on the topic, but the mindscape portion of Occlumency… it was always meant to be the simple part. The part even children could learn, because it is nothing more than your imagination. The magic of it comes naturally, with time… and persistence.” She gave him another kind smile with a pointed nod. “You have all of that in droves.”

He was… stunned.

“I… don’t feel like I have a lot of time.”

Her eyes got very, very sad despite how her smile didn’t waver. “I know. No child ever does.” She allowed patiently. “But I’d reckon you never did at all.”

He wasn’t sure what to say to that, so he said nothing.

“If ever you are struggling with this again, the first step before going for medical help will definitely be to just take a moment for yourself. Have a calming draught, take a bath, just lie down and breathe for a bit… if simply using your imagination is difficult, it’s not necessarily because of something complicated. It could be something very simple.” She explained. “It can simply be being overwhelmed with life, with emotion and stimulus of all sorts, good and bad. Fear—or distraction from that fear to keep it from eating you.”

He blinked up at her, and she thankfully heard his unspoken question.

“Many people know the feeling, Mr. Potter. I think you do too now.” She sounded apologetic about it for some reason. “But that’s the tricky thing about us Gryffindors: we’re meant to be brave, but that doesn’t exempt us from being humans who fear plenty of things, all the time. Even in exceptionally small, countless ways. Facing it, accepting it, working with it… that is how it becomes something simple that some deep breaths can fix, instead of needed to distract our lives away to manage it—to merely stay afloat even.” She placed hand on his head again soothingly. “You are lucky to have so many Slytherin friends—perhaps ask them their thoughts on fear sometime.”

He was not sure that he would, but it was interesting food for thought.

“There’s really nothing wrong?” He couldn’t help but ask.

“Nothing I and my mere human abilities can fix.” She sighed. “As I said at the end of last year, it is perfectly alright if you don’t feel alright. Natural even, for what you went through. And there is no time limit to that: you are perfectly within your right to be un-alright for as long as you need to be.”

That’s not true though. Someday I need to grow up. Someday what I feel will not trump my responsibilities or the people who depend on me.

But… I guess it’s true enough for now.

“Would you like to talk about it?” She offered, but it sounded like she already suspected the answer.

“No, that’s okay.” He managed to get out politely. “I just think that I need to think it over a bit more.”

“Whatever you want… I would be a willing ear if you had any more questions or concerns of any sort.”

“Thank you, Madam Pomfrey.” He really was grateful, even if he was kind of… shaken. Uneasy. “Can I stay here while I wait for Draco?”

“Of course, the bed is yours. I’m sure you haven’t seen your mindscape in some time so a nap might go a long way in repairing some things that have been left unattended. He’ll be here when you awake.”

He smiled, thanking her again as she left without another word.

It was a relief in more ways than one, to be alone finally after that. It was also kind of… weird feeling, to lie down and close his eyes again, trying to cling to the relaxed sensation he just had, and snatch back something he’d thought out of his grip forever.

000

The first thing Harry did was run to his parents’ graves.

‘Run’ might’ve been a strong word, he jogged through the snow as fast as he could but he wasn’t running, just moving with a sense of urgency. The snow was thankfully thinner than his first visit to the graveyard after so long away, barely an inch now and easy to walk through just so long as he was careful not to trip on the wet earth beneath the bright white covering. He wasn’t cold either, just his cheeks a bit from the windchill but he was wearing the red coat that Remus had written runes inside to keep perfectly warm despite the weather.

There were no flowers, since it was winter and all that. Unfortunately that made the entire place feel a lot more lonely than it did in other seasons, when there were plants and wildlife out and about. You used to be able to see his mother’s grave from a good distance down the aisle from all the white lilies and daisies that had been piled around it, but now it was just another grey stone amongst a lot of other various stone markers.

Now that he thought about it, before he’d woken up in front of that mirror with Quirrell, he’d had a dream. He’d been at his father’s grave and Sirius’ had moved closer, and he’d never really looked back on that night long enough to really think about why that had been. A mental space wasn’t a trance or a dream, it was… something else. Something he had way more control of, even if sometimes his own subconscious sprung things on him.

Like the diamond paw-print clip.

When he got to James and Lily Potter’s graves, he wasn’t shocked to see nothing had changed except now the flowers that used to be around them were gone, replaced by a fine layering of snow. What he’d really been here to see though… was the two new graves beside them.

The entire line had been rearranged, as if they’d always been here now, with Sirius Black’s headstone resting silently beside James Potter’s, and beside Sirius—was Remus Lupin.

He hadn’t consciously made this decision… but somehow his mind had done it for him, even if he hadn’t been back here knowingly in months. It did make sense though, now that he knew more about these people. By the few, yet precious things Remus had let slip about the Sirius he’d once known, Harry now believed too that Padfoot would’ve wanted nothing more than to be buried next to his best friend.

And Remus… well, Moony had suffered over a decade at this point, being separated from Padfoot. Maybe he hadn’t said it outright but every line of his face had been washed in pain when they’d had that dark conversation, and Harry knew deep down Remus wanted to be here so badly, even if on the surface he felt he didn’t deserve to be.

He went to Sirius’ grave, to his real target… an innocuous hairclip, left atop the granite headstone.

He touched it, feeling how cold it was as he dusted off the snow and rolled it over his palm. It felt real, because he imagined it to be real… but it also made something uneasy slide down into his stomach.

“…Padfoot, huh?” He said absently to the grave. “How did I know you had paws?”

He almost half believed there’d never been a paw print hairclip here, that he was retroactively imagining things after hearing Moony’s stories but… as he held it in his hand now, it felt real. It felt like it’d always been here.

“If I’m not crazy then… somehow I knew. How did I know?” He knelt in front of it, brushing off the snow and gently placing the clip back where it’d been. He used his gloved hands to rid the rest of it of the snow covering its face, revealing that not much had changed since last he been here. What had changed though… was the inscription.

Sirius Black

A Loyal Friend

Not many graves had inscriptions… so that was new.

“You have to be innocent. You have to come back… not just for but for Moony too.” He told the grave, and though he received no answer it still felt like something had lifted off his shoulders.

He looked to the side, examining Remus’ grave now too… and blinked to realize there were flowers somehow surviving this weather. The light grey stone was now framed in two small white rose bushes, the petals fully bloomed despite the fact that was not possible with this much snow on the ground and this much chill in the air.

He crawled from Sirius’ grave over to Moony’s to sit curiously in front of it, before it hit him.

“You know, I was thinking about it, when you were reading ‘Alice in Wonderland’… if this world is Wonderland then I wonder who everyone would be. Does this mean you’re the white knight? Or the white queen…” He frowned… there was no need to be polite here, inside his own mind he supposed. “No… you’re the white king, aren’t you? One of the most important pieces in the game, but the one who can do the least. The one who did the least.”

He touched the roses briefly, and true to form they were ice cold but still soft as silk instead of frozen.

He stood then, walking down the rows with mind racing.

“Draco has to be the white rabbit, he’s the one who lead me here. Theo is probably the dorm mouse… though I’ve been stuck, since I could never decide if Blaise was the Chesire cat or the Mad Hatter.” He paused, tilting his head and looked down the neighboring isle where Blaise’s mausoleum was—he hadn’t exactly tried it but he knew it was locked so he didn’t get closer to it. He turned on his heel and walked back towards the entrance, looking up at the iron gates as he approached them. “Or maybe I’m too egotistical to think I’m Alice, maybe I’m the Mad Hatter.”

He stood under the wrought iron archway and looked out into the darkness—the unimagined-ness beyond this little graveyard he’d meticulously created. He knew every detail of what was inside here, but everything beyond that…

He remembered imagining this was the Journey to the Center of the Earth, that the darkness were caves upon caves and this little paradise was something kept safe at the core of a planet. It had been a last-ditch effort to protect himself, something done on pure instinct when he’d apparently sensed an intruder get too close.

He could do better though.

“What was it the white queen said…? it’s not ‘because’ but ‘until’.” He took a steady breath and concentrated, imagining outside his graveyard the lush grass immediately shifting to barren stone, the sky disappearing into a large cave that was poorly lit but the light coming off his graveyard casting just enough to see how it traveled away endlessly into the darkness.

In front of the gate open, before entering, he framed it with two huge braziers. Made of soot-covered stone, wide enough for him to lay down comfortably in but not very deep.

He filled them with fire, burning on nothing physical but it wasn’t hard to fuel it in other ways. The oxygen in the air of the cave was devoured eagerly, making it rather hard to breathe out there, but not impossible.

“Six impossible things before breakfast,” He said to himself, and the spell was set.

Cause and effect meant nothing in wonderland. The white queen screamed in pain until, not because, she pricked her finger on her broach. In this wonderland you needed to burn yourself before, not because, you touched the burning braziers standing guard.

He could do better, he knew he could. For now though… you had to really like muggle children’s stories to get close to this gate again.



Chapter End Notes

Theo:

Bad People (Lauren Aquilina)





Chapter 69: Book 2 : Envy : 36


Chapter Notes

So I got too cocky by posting two chapters back to back and the ao3 curse got me. Two hospital visits later and wrist in a cast but new chapter finally! It's a lot of repeat information but I love the twins <3



See the end of the chapter for more notes



“Wood it is too cold for this!”

“That’s the spirit Harry!”

“What spirit!? What are you talking about!?” He shrieked, wincing as literal hail made flying near impossible. The freezing rain (sleet, essentially at this point) had chunks of literal ice falling from the sky that hurt as bad as getting clipped by bludgers if you ran into them at full speed, was making it nearly impossible to fly. It didn’t stop their lunatic captain though, who insisted that the fact no one else had booked the quidditch pitch for weeks meant it was free for the taking for them to catch up on some practice.

Which meant he was certifiable, because the reason the other teams were not practicing was because it was miserable out here. There was still enough snow on the ground to come up to your knees which made it dangerously bright on sunny days, but actually lethal on gross days like this. Not to mention it was bitterly cold no matter what level of precipitation they had since it was still fully winter and they were flying at insane speeds at high altitudes.

Angelina swung by him in the air, looking just as miserable in the sleet but at least more practiced since clearly Wood had made her do this before. “Just ignore him, he’s absolutely insane.”

“It’s January—this cannot be healthy! What if we get sick!?”

“According to Wood, then we’ll have plenty of time to recover for our first spring match in March.” She gave a defeated, despondent response, then flew off to join the other chasers.

Harry let out a shout of despair but bore with it, hands completely numb despite his new dragon hide gloves but still able to blindly grip his broom well enough to push off. He scanned like a mad-man until he spotted the snitch and after a minute of high speed chasing that hurt every bit of him getting hit with the hail, finally snatched it out of the air. He whipped around and tracked Wood down, startling his captain to fly right up on him and then grab his robe front, nearly ripping him off his broom, and bodily shoving the snitch into his breast pocket.

“Drill over!” He announced, Wood half dismayed but half delighted.

“That’s brilliant Harry! You’re getting fast at that! But this drill was supposed to run our interference, so let’s do it again-” He pulled the snitch back out and released it—but it didn’t get three feet before Harry’s lashed out with every ounce of his (admittedly fantastic) reflexes to grab it again.

Wood blinked. “Well that’s impressive,”

“If you release that one more time I’m going to swallow it.” Harry threatened him with the tiny golden ball in his fist and finally the upper year clocked onto his mood.

“You’re mad,” He realized.

“I’m bloody cold!”

“Ah… we’ll we’ve been at it a couple hours and this rain is getting worse, so I suppose you’re right. Let’s call it for today!” He announced that last part louder to the pitch and received several weary yet thrilled cheers of relief.

“Wood, wanting to practice in a literal snow storm is too far, even for you,” George commented cheerfully as they all descended and touched down to the pitch once more—or more like sinking into the coating of snow and soaking them to their socks now. Not that the rest of them wasn’t already soaked and freezing to the core.

Harry knew their quidditch robes were slightly enchanted to resist excessive heat, cold, and wetness, but they were certainly resistant and not proof. He was still miserably cold and wet despite knowing he likely wasn’t frostbitten at least. He wondered if Moony would teach him a heating rune for his clothes ahead of needing to wait to take the class next year.

“Excellent work everyone! Let’s review what we still need to work on before we get changed, while it’s still fresh in our minds!” Wood completely ignored the sass and the general atmosphere, though looked startled when everyone groaned.

Harry also committed mutiny immediately by trudging through the snow at a faster pace to get ahead of him, because he was absolutely going to start changing out of these soaked robes before Wood talked for an hour about their tactics. Any other day he had patience for his captain’s enthusiasm, but this was too far!

Luckily they were all on same page—except for poor Wood.

“Guys go ahead, I’ve got this—and Oliver, come here a second,” Angelina grabbed their leader by the ear to yank him back into the snow, and Harry abandoned them without another word, knowing Wood was about to get a lecture about ‘over doing it’ again.

“Freedom!” The twins cried dramatically as they also bolted into the Gryffindor boys changing room.

“Wood is insane!”

“I thought he’d call it as soon as it started snowing,”

“We severely underestimated his dedication apparently,” They volleyed between each other, all of them sighing in relief to be back in the warmth. Even shedding their robes to bare skin was an improvement from the freezing cloth—at least the air was warm.

Harry was feeling a lot better as soon as he had normal clothes on—and then beamed when a flush of heat ran over him and he was suddenly dry, looking up to see Fred wink mischievously with wand in hand.

“Thank you! You’ve got to teach me that,”

“No worries Apples! It’s a fifth-year charm though, so you sure about that?”

“Ah… maybe not then,” He winced, earning dual laughs. He could work ahead in Transfiguration but knew wasting time on an upper year charm would be a lesson in futility… he had better things to do with his time and he’d spend a lot on that only for mediocre results probably.

He glanced around but there was no sign of Wood yet so he risked it. “Actually, Moony turned out to be really good at runes so I was hoping I’d be able to learn some in class next year that’d help keep clothes dry, and warmer than these are,” He admitted.

They perked up immediately.

“That would be a good workaround if those types of runes are third-year level,”

“And speaking of Messer Moony, we haven’t have a chance to really catch up with you about how that went!”

“We’re kind of hungry so we’re gonna ditch dinner and just head to the kitchens now-”

“-wanna come?” They offered and Harry instantly agreed. A hot meal, even if it was a bit early, sounded great.

“Yes, absolutely! On that topic I have something to show you guys too, if there’s someplace private.” He told them and they grinned a bit devilishly.

000

“So this is where you’ve been doing your experiments!” Harry exclaimed, very impressed by the set up they had here. It was an abandoned classroom, but the desks were now laden in piles and piles of papers and potion brewing set ups—all of it extremely obvious as pranksters’ shenanigans.

It was chaotic, and there was no way they were quiet… but this particular classroom had a giant bronze statue blocking the door that only moved with the twins’ permission. Apparently they’d bribed this statue by polishing it religiously the old-fashioned muggle way instead of merely using wands, so it was a big fan of theirs—and more importantly it hated Filch, who the statue claimed was too rough and abrasive the one time in the past forty years the old caretaker had ever tried to clean him. It wasn’t exactly a fighter as it portrayed a rather portly man in heavy robes barely taller than the staff he was holding, but being made of two tons of bronze, it wasn’t moving if it didn’t want to be moved. It had picked this spot and was uninterested in moving, hence why the classroom had become abandoned for decades… but since it liked the twins he did lean to the side slightly to allow them to slip past if they squeezed by single-file.

It created a perfect hide-out for non-school-sanction activities, which was good because there was no way they were fitting all of this inside their dorm room without McGonagall finding out.

There was stuff everywhere, but Harry did recognize some boxes and papers the exact color and style he’d given to them as a Christmas present, set up neatly on a make-shift table of eight desks pushed together in what was clearly an already operational packaging line. He perked up. “So you liked the colors I picked out?”

“Like them!?”

“Harry they were brilliant!” They exploded, one of them running and grabbing a finished product they’d already completed to show him. “We reached out to your lady in Contrair too and already ordered enough to pack everything we have so far! I don’t think she realizes how much we intend to buy, even though we told her, but she’ll figure it out soon enough,” He snickered.

Harry accepted the package, and it was all true to his design, just now with a neat set of candies displayed nicely inside.

“We had been really wondering about how to break into the snake market after all, but making it look nicer might help someday,” he was guessing it was George who spoke that time and Harry beamed at the news.

“I’m glad it worked out so far! And yeah it might take a while but I think something classy like this would go a long way to convince them, or at least not turn them off of it immediately. I’m not sure they’d be interested in skiving snackboxes but something more Slytherin friendly, in this packaging, I think you might get some takers.”

“We’re working on that, though we might need to brainstorm with you a bit since you know them better.” Fred allowed.

“Sure, happy to help… though on the topic of the snackboxes, I have another present for you two,” He put down the food they’d brought along to keep their dinner-picnic going and searched through his bag, finding the right journal.

“Another present?”

“We’re spoiled this year Fred,”

“And Christmas is already over!” They laughed, happily accepting the book they were handed. “What is it?”

“Open it and find out,” Harry teased, really enjoying their reactions when they did so and both jaws dropped in awe.

“No way,” They gasped as one.

“Is this really…!?” George shoved his head closer to his brother’s so they could both read it at the same time, two sets of eyes glued to the words.

“Moony says ‘hi’ and he really liked your gifts! The bad news is he had some professional criticism about them, before you start selling the snackboxes in particular, as one prankster to another,” Harry grinned, thrilled with their reactions.

“This is—this is way more than just some criticism!” George was aghast, and then Harry got alarmed when Fred actually teared up.

“Oh my god what did he say!? Are you okay!?” Harry immediately flailed, but George took the journal from his brother forcefully to close it.

“We’ll read it later.” He assured him, shooting his brother an exasperated look.

“Sorry! He just has some nice words to say about us i-inheriting their l-legacy… I can’t handle things like that,” Fred wiped his eyes hastily and Harry relaxed… but also couldn’t help but be thrilled at yet another difference between the two supposedly identical people. George was placing the book carefully in his robe pocket for safe keeping with an impatient sound, while Fred was trying not to cry… clearly they had different emotional thresholds, which Harry found very endearing.

He knew Remus had been adding things to that journal for the twins here and there, though once he’d handed it over for Harry to deliver to them, going off it’s size it was obvious he’d been working on it a lot when Harry either wasn’t looking or wasn’t around. Which, wasn’t exactly often, probably just the time after Harry had gone to bed honestly, so Remus had clearly been on a mission with it. After Christmas day, once he had the sample joke snakes to analyze, Harry knew he’d spent a good chunk of time filling out that journal while Harry played with his own gifts and got heavily distracted by his new Chemistry books, so there was probably a lot in there. Remus was good at writing mini novels in his letters after all, he had practice in long correspondence.

Harry hadn’t read it himself, though. He was a devious brat, but he couldn’t say he was truly the kind of prankster that would do the Marauders’ legacy proud. He didn’t feel left out since it felt only right that whatever was in that journal was very much for professionals’ eyes only, prankster-to-prankster.

He smiled. “Which means you’re Fred, right?” He asked and the teary-eyed twin laughed once, startled.

“Still cataloging us?”

“Bit by bit, of course. You are identical so every little thing counts.” He boasted.

“Yeah well I’m not even going to pretend to be him when he gets all weepy,” George stood and rolled his eyes, Fred sticking his tongue out at him. “I can’t cry on demand unfortunately.”

“I can,” Fred sighed, not strictly proud of this skill but unable to deny it.

“You can’t pretend cry on demand, you actually make yourself cry just by thinking of something sad.” He argued and Harry laughed. It was rare to see them not doing the tennis-match thing with their words but to actually bicker like brothers. It felt nice that they trusted him enough to let him into their secret hide-out first of all, but even more so to let themselves relax this much around him too.

“Well I don’t mean to make anyone cry, and neither did Moony… or maybe he did, who knows. He is devious as shit when he wants to be.” Harry snickered. “How about we finish dinner?” He offered in an attempt to lift Fred up again, which seemed to work.

They had a few desks that could be spared, so shoved them together to lay out the food they’d brought with them from the kitchens. They’d been super hungry so they ate a full meal down there already, so this was mainly some snacks, many desserts, and some bottled fizzy drinks the twins insisted he try.

It wasn’t really a meal right now, it was them wanting to talk about topics they couldn’t really speak about within earshot of others, and that meant house elves too. Food made all sorts of conversation go easier though.

“So how was the holiday with Mister Moony then?” Fred asked eagerly as he helped himself to one of the tarts they’d brought.

“It was good—really good,” Harry admitted with a fond smile, still not over being able to look back on a holiday with good memories, but certainly not getting tired of it. “I have to thank you guys again for covering for me. I know I didn’t really explain why well, but you two are absolute lifesavers. Remus thanks you guy too, for the peace of mind.”

“Absolutely!” They immediately chorused, clearly unrepentant for their lies in service of a friend. “It took right up until Christmas Day for mum to catch on and then we got grounded, but honestly so worth it. We just worked on our products so it wasn’t wasted time.” George shrugged. “By that point we were tired of all those people crammed into the Burrow for the holiday anyway, so it was kind of nice even.”

“I’m glad it wasn’t too bad then… still, I owe you guys one for real, for doing that and not asking too many questions.” Harry felt the need to actually bow his head at them he was so thankful, but they swatted at him immediately to get him to stop.

“Seriously Apples, it was fine. In return we just want to hear about your time with Mister Moony though! Did you find out who the other Marauders were?” Fred insisted and Harry perked right up.

That he could do—and in fact they were some of the only people he could talk about his break honestly with so it wasn’t much to launch into the story, encouraged by his eager audience.

He touched on all the good things first. The little ‘cottage’ and what Moony was like, their day-to-day and trips into the village. Christmas day and their new hobby of cooking and baking together. Even the cows and forest and Moony’s mischievous side in food fights and going out in the middle of the night to sip hot chocolate in a snow storm. The twins were thrilled with it all, occasionally offering their own holiday experiences in camaraderie but otherwise just happy to hear him talk.

Eventually though… they got to the less fun parts, though the twins didn’t seem shocked.

“I had wondered about that, or we’d been thinking on in it more deeply since we last talked about Mr. Moony’s situation. From some of things you said we just… wanted to know more.” Fred admitted as Harry had delicately touched on the reasons why this whole trip had to be in absolute secrecy. “Obviously we know werewolves aren’t popular but after we talked initially we looked into it a little more. It’s… really not good, isn’t it?”

“No.” Harry confirmed with a grim press to his lips, thinking of the packet of papers Axeclaw had given him, hidden in the bag sitting at his feet right now.

He would not get angry right now, when they were all having a good day. He mentally placed the papers in front of the heavily graffitied grave of Albus Dumbledore in his head, making a note to come back and address that particular claim with the headstone later.

“We’ve even tried to bring it up casually to our own classmates and it’s… not good.” George frowned, clearly conflicted on how to feel about that.

“You didn’t ask your parents anything, right?” Harry was alarmed that might’ve been too big of a clue that, should the Weasley parents not pick up, then someone like Dumbledore who hung around their family too much might. He relaxed only when they shook their heads.

“To be blunt, our parents are chill with non-humans of all sorts but even they have some backwards ideals.” George was clearly not a fan of his own parents’ attitudes towards certain things and Harry didn’t want to shake the nest too hard on that. “Like sure, Dad likes muggles a lot but he still doesn’t actually talk about them like human beings. He talks about them like they’re his little projects or mysterious creatures he gets to study, but I honestly don’t think he’s ever really talked to a muggle in his life. And if he has it was for work or to confound them, not to chat.” He huffed. “I wouldn’t bring up werewolf rights with them unless I wanted to get pissed off.”

Fred shot a guilty look to Harry like he was trying to silently apologize for his parents. “We’d almost be too embarrassed to introduce them to Mr. Moony, not because they wouldn’t be friendly but because I know they’d for sure make some kind of a comment and we’d die of mortification. Even if they don’t mean anything bad by it really.”

Harry found that both depressing and amusing somehow.

“But just because we weren’t shocked at how our parents reacted or that they found out, doesn’t mean it isn’t curious that you knew they’d inevitably figure it out.” George raised a brow at him. “We didn’t ask at the time since it didn’t matter but we are curious how you knew for certain that people would know you went missing, much less tell our parents specifically.”

“That’s… a long story.” Harry sighed, crumbling the cookie he’d taken on his napkin into dust slowly rather than eating it. “The edited version is that I’m annoyingly famous and Dumbledore tracks me everywhere. And since your parents are so close with him, I knew if he got curious about the rumor I was spending the holidays at your house he would find a way to bring it up with them somehow, just to check up on me.”

“And the non-edited version?” George frowned.

“Well…” He hesitated, but openly showed he was and the twins got the message thankfully.

“It’s one of those things, isn’t it?” Fred gave a wry smile.

“But that is what we’re really asking, talking about how bad the situation is. Do you have like, an actual plan for what you’re doing? The ultimate goal is to be Minister, but you can’t just get the office and then start making radical changes, you won’t exactly have a long career, much less be able to do much that way.” George cut right to the point.

“That’s true, and I have half a plan, but you two are probably the people I should really be talking to about the full plan actually. Frankly it starts and ends with business, and people like you guys and Draco are my ‘experts’,” He admitted.

“Hear that George!? We’re experts!”

“We’ve made it! True professionals!”

Harry smiled, laughing along with their antics. “You joke but you guys do know what you’re doing—just look at all this!” He gestured around to room pointedly. “Any tips for me?”

“Hmmmm… about business specifically?”

“Well,” George glanced at his brother who nodded and leaned over to another table to grab a clean piece of parchment, shoving some of their snacks out of the way to put it before them.

“Simple as it sounds for each thing you want to see, you need a couple things we’ve found.”

“First is the objective: what is the product supposed to do?”

“Second thing is who exactly do you want to sell it to? Target audience and whatnot. You don’t have to do much marketing or convincing if it’s something tailored specifically to a group of people after all.”

“Third is production, meaning can we make it, can we get capital or packaging or whatever.”

“Fourth is then all the advertising and selling bits—but we’re us so that’s never been an issue,” Fred snickered.

“But our advice for everything is basically just that: what it is, who is it for, how to get it.” George rattled off, quill quickly scribbling it down onto the parchment and Harry actually paid close attention. It was simple but to have it all listed down like that and trying to apply it to his own plans was a good exercise probably.

“Just ‘being Minister’ is too big of a thing then, I need to break it down into pieces and then get each piece. You’re right that if I just start making laws without getting most of the Wizegamont on my side then I’ll never pass anything, and I’ll have a pretty short term if people start rioting, so I need some public support too, even after I go making werewolf laws,” Harry thought aloud.

“If breaking it into ‘pieces’ means getting people on your side, then you need the Wizegamont and the public,”

“Breaking it down farther you need the different factions of the public too,” Fred pointed out. “You’ll have most of the Gryffindor alumni faction by default but with everyone else you’ll need a better argument.”

“And I need them to not only support me enough to get me into office, but also have enough of them support me making werewolf laws that it’s not the shortest run as Minister ever.” Harry tapped his finger on the table distractedly. “I’ve been scolded recently for giving Slytherin too much credit but honestly the only plan I currently have to get favor with anyone is through actual business. If I start up the Potter family business again and everyone becomes invested then no one can ignore me, they have to deal with me and I can go from there.”

“Is that how you got in with Slytherin in the first place?” George half joked, but Harry had to put his hands up.

“Actually yes, that’s exactly what I did. I became better at Transfiguration than anyone so even upper years started asking for my notes, and the more they had to deal with me the more used to me they got until they pretty much no longer care that I’m hanging around.”

Both twins blinked, surprised but also fascinated by this news.

“I knew you were up to something when you asked us to help you last year, but that’s actually brilliant!”

“If the ‘Potter business’ is just as indispensable then it’s not a bad tactic.” They blinked.

“What were you thinking of doing then?”

“The ‘Potter business’ was actually a thing when my father was alive apparently, and it was to sell potion ingredients. I got a hint of it when it got around that I might be looking into it again: several notable Slytherins were immediately and openly interested, which is not something they do. They keep their cards pretty close to the chest but the fact they openly stated they wanted to get involved means they’re really interested.”

“Potion ingredients huh…” Fred tilted his head. “To be totally honest, we’re even interested since we need materials for our products and right now things are kind of a mess. We have a ton of people we buy from but prices go up and down like crazy, sometimes they don’t always have enough for the amount we want to make, sometimes they just suck at responding to our letters-”

“That last one might be because we’re teenagers and they don’t trust us,” George rolled his eyes.

“I’d love to help now but the actual business might need to wait until I’m of age. I know my family used to do this business but right now I have no idea how— I assume the information might be somewhere in the Potter family vault which I don’t have access to until I’m an adult.”

Both twins startled, snapping their heads up in shock. “You haven’t been to your family vault!?”

Harry blinked, not realizing that was something newsworthy. “Er… no? I have a trust vault I use for stuff like school supplies but there’s an underage restriction on the family vault. Is that… bad?”

“No! No, we just…” The glanced at each other. “We really just thought you would’ve. Sorry, that’s our bad.”

“I mean, nothing to apologize about,” He shrugged. “I did inherit the Monroe name too and I’ve been to their vault! It was nice, even if they’re adopted ancestors.”

“Well that’s good!” They perked up again, but Harry could tell he’d just made himself seem like even more of an orphan than he already was, and suppressed a sigh. “But potion ingredients, huh? That honestly might work really well as almost everything runs off those.”

“If we’re talking about target audiences, then ‘potion ingredients’ is a bit restrictive since those go right to potion masters or people like us who make edible products. But magical creature parts of all sorts are used everywhere—things used for wand cores, dragon hide leather for sports and safety gear, and I’m sure there’re more. It depends on what the ingredients are.” George offered.

“Right… I’d want to be able to break into as many markets as possible.” He bit his lip for a moment as he’d already decided this was probably a wasted effort, but all this talk of business and how supportive the twins were being made him want to give it a random try anyway. Even if he already knew it was pointless. “Since we’re talking about business, like real business—do you two know if your family has been to a tea tasting recently?” He couldn’t help but ask.

“Tea tasting?” They looked at each other for a split second but that was a full twin-telepathy conversation. As in, a lot of very loaded things were said in that one look, things that Harry was not privy too.

“We’re aware of them,”

“We know stuff like that happens for fancy stuff,”

“But I don’t think our parents have ever gone.”

“For obvious reasons,” George sniffed jokingly—referencing their wealth. Neither of them were ashamed of it exactly, since as businessmen themselves they had made it abundantly clear they were going to change their situation on their own. Harry could not tell from their tone if they ever intended to actually go to a tasting though.

“Do you know if your parents have a connection with any sellers that they could give a referral, even if they don’t attend?”

“We could ask, but I doubt it.”

“It’s possible but like… at this point that ‘connection’ probably expired or hasn’t passed onto this generation of sellers.”

“Why do you want to attend, can we ask?” Fred tilted his head.

“It’s less about attending, though I am curious about how all of it works. Draco invited me to one just to check it out but he pointed out that someday I’ll probably need to attend as an actual buyer, and for that I’ll need an official invitation. He explained that I needed to be careful about who I picked to be my referral.”

“Really?”

“Why?”

He couldn’t help but grin teasingly. “The Potter name is kind of a big one, not to mention the family business is big enough news to cause a stir once it returns, so pompous as it sounds there’s some prestige in being the one to refer me. Some kind of importance around bringing a once-powerful family back into the game, in a way. I could ask almost any pureblood but there’ll be big implications depending on who I ask.”

They both jolted upright some, catching on immediately.

“And you asked us!?”

“We’re honored, Apples!”

“That’s so kind of you!”

“Sucks we probably can’t, sorry about that,”

“We’re happy you thought of us though!” They clapped happily.

Harry just laughed. “Of course you guys! You’re some of the first people who are teaching me about business and stuff and I’m thankful for all you’ve already shared. Besides, you guys are the only two who know my full plan right now, and why I’m getting so involved with this so quickly despite being a second year.”

They mock saluted in sync. “That we do!”

“Your secret is safe with us!”

Being Minister and his ‘world domination’ (aka the wizarding world of the UK) plans was something not even Draco knew he was up to. Neville kind of did but Harry was not talking specifics and tactics with him like he was with the twins, for fear of getting sad blue eyes about some of his less-than-stellar choices. Right here and now, only the twins were putting quill-to-paper with him in talking about how did he get there, and what was more, they were actually fantastically helpful so far.

If he couldn’t ask them for a referral he at least wanted to be able to give them a referral of their own one day.

“Do you guys ever plan on attending a tasting then?”

George kind of gave a weary laugh, Fred smiling but Harry knew immediately it wasn’t that authentic. “Someday maybe, but it will be a long time until we get enough traction to be able to sit at those kinds of tables. You need to walk into those with money to bid for what you wanted and even if we get a successful business going with our products I doubt we’ll ever have the profit margins to go toe-to-toe with other pureblood families. What we’d want from them anyway would be materials, and if you’re really going to start an ingredient trade then frankly it’d be smarter for us to deal with you than go there.” He explained.

“Oh… I’m still learning what goes into them but that sounds more serious than what I thought they were.” He admitted. “If I do go with Draco to one as a guest, I’ll try and see if there’s any opportunities we can actually use.”

“Thanks Apples, but really we won’t get our hopes up. From what we know of them I don’t think they’ll actually help us get ahead.” They reassured him, but Harry still wanted to try. The Weasleys were pureblood like the rest of the lot, there was no reason they should feel so outcasted, right? If they had the money then it shouldn’t matter.

“All this talk about Mr. Moony and werewolves and being minister and stuff is normal secret-keeping business for sure, but can I also ask after the super-secret thing you dropped on us too? I’m happy you got to see Mr. Moony but I also half thought the secrecy over break was maybe a bit for Mr. Padfoot,” Fred hedged, a good actor but clearly he’d been waiting to bring it up as the curiosity was eating at him.

Harry felt bad he’d been avoiding that subject even now—it was so close he’d been distracted though!

“Right, and you’re not wrong, it was kind of related in a way but ah… Moony might not explicitly know what I’m up to right now, not really.” He winced, but they didn’t seem to judge, just looking concerned but not any more than they already were.

“How is it going though?” George asked, “Our first conversation was kind of short but the more in sunk in and the more we talk to the map and realize what happened to Mr. Padfoot, the worse we feel. Is there anything we can do?”

Right, despite not having met Remus they probably actually know him better than I do just from how long they’ve had the map. Same with my father, and Sirius.

Somehow, since their original conversation last fall and now, Harry felt less jealous about the fact they knew his father better than he did, and was now a little more petty over the fact they also knew his godfathers better. It was much more easily soothed though, as he swore someday, someday soon, he’d be able to catch up and know them better—in person—than even the twins knew their Marauders.

He could totally share.

This would put it to the test for sure, but he was certain he could do it.

“That actually ties into what we were just talking about, with me winning the Wizegamont over. I’m actually not that concerned about that right now thanks to a deal I made… I told you I was working with some Slytherins to get that trial, right?”

They nodded firmly, locked onto his words as he launched into the full explanation this time. Everything, from working with Daphne and then Sebastian Greengrass, the blanket deal and what it means for his family line, how he didn’t know why but that Mr. Greengrass had specifically asked him to go with Remus over break and he trusted him that it was all part of the plan, and then even pulling out some of the papers he’d been given about the seats he’d claimed.

He even brushed right by the ‘oh yeah I am technically Slytherin’s heir so I get that seat too, but no I did not open the Chamber of Secrets,’ thing, to which they had a completely normal reaction.

(“Are you BLOODY SERIOUS?”

“No, I’m Harry, but I am trying to free Sirius,”

“Actually fuck off Apples—Fred stop laughing!”)

“So it’s happening? Like soon?” Fred’s eyes were wide, comforted by the news of the trial but also startled that it wasn’t just a ‘someday’ thing Harry had mentioned last October in passing before Hagrid interrupted them, it was something that was actually going to happen any day now.

Harry knew the feeling, he was still a little in shock when he thought about it. The power of having an adult Slytherin on the payroll though—the results were so far great.

“Yeah, pretty much. I still don’t know why I needed to visit Moony, but Mr. Greengrass has proven trustworthy so far so I didn’t question it.”

“We probably wouldn’t either,” George didn’t blame him, but his eyes reflected his concern. “Though it does make me nervous why they need Mr. Moony involved at all.” Being a werewolf there was literally nothing Remus could do or say in court that would convince anyone of anything, so it wasn’t like he needed to be a character witness or something.

“Honestly me too, but I’m hoping it’s something along the lines of Remus being the one who initially tried to petition to get him a trial, or even Mr. Greengrass ensuring he’s around and available to take Sirius once he gets out… although that’s a little optimistic to assume a Slytherin would think of like that. I did sell my soul to make this deal though so hopefully he’s pulling out all the stops.”

“I would hope so!” They huffed, clearly preoccupied by this news and exchanged loaded looks. Harry let them do it, knowing another full conversation was happening in front of him right now.

After a moment they seemed to reach an internal decision and folded both sets of hands on the table in front of them politely.

“Actually Harry, on the topic of werewolves and trials-”

“-politic shenanigans and such-”

“-we have been talking some, you know. Since our last conversation gave us quite a bit to think about we did, in fact, use both our brains for once to actually do that thinking over.” They began, and Harry sat up appropriately. They didn’t call him ‘Apples’ so he knew this was on a more serious note and responded in kind.

“Not your goals specifically but the business side of things.”

“We don’t like asking for help because you know, pride and things,”

“But we have goals ourselves and you inspired us some with your motivation behind your own business ventures.”

Meaning freeing people of werewolf prejudice, Harry filled in that blank. “Inspired how?”

They unfolded their hands to splay them pointedly on the desk before them.

“We need help.” They chorused with the resigned but proud tone oddly befitting an ideal Gryffindor, Harry couldn’t help but think.

“I mean not technically, since we’re confident we could do this thing on our own timeline. Learn the magic, save the galleons, start a business: the whole thing.”

“But ‘our own timeline’, we decided, is going to take too long. Not when you’re out here fighting for equality and important shit-”

“-while we’re just looking to make some money and a shit ton of prank snacks.” Fred shrugged helplessly.

“That’s not exactly a bad thing, I just have a werewolf godfather so it’s on the mind a lot.” Harry allowed, very interested in where this was going.

“Ah! But that werewolf is our idol!”

“Mr. Moony is a legend to us!”

“We’re not worthy of his pranking greatness!” They wiped away some mock tears and pretended to bow magnanimously, before snapping up suddenly with fire in their eyes— George grinning a bit evilly.

“The Marauders gave us our start and our dreams here—we owe them everything.”

“And the last standing Marauder is kind of going through it right now,”

“So technically our goals are the same, right?”

Harry leaned back, absorbing what he thought they were saying. “You want to help Remus too?”

They nodded once in sync, with resounding confidence.

“Our goal of opening a shop is still our main goal, and yes we do want to help our mentor here,”

“But we also like your approach to it, we’ve decided. Why stop at Mr. Moony when there’s probably a hundred werewolves out there that could benefit from it too?”

“Talking to you and you being all snake-like, we realized our ambitions were too small.”

“We want to be businessmen for sure, but why stop at ‘well off’ when we could shoot for the whole ass moon?”

“Our father picking fights with Mr. Malfoy has proven time and time again that money talks. If we go even bigger than we were planning, if we had the money to talk, imagine what we could do?”

“Pranks are too small!”

“We want to change things too,”

“And we’re willing to place our bets and follow your lead with how to go about doing that if you’ll accept a partnership of sorts here.”

“So… what do you think?”

They concluded their little speech with open expressions, genuinely asking. To be completely honest… Harry couldn’t help but feel his heart grow full. Without thinking about it he knew he was immediately eager to say yes because he loved the twins and working with them had been awesome so far… but this was also an offer that was a bit more serious than the exchanges they’d been doing so far.

More complicated.

…and frankly, uglier than trading some Transfiguration spells for secrets.

His heart wanted to agree immediately, but he also knew it wasn’t something he could reasonably do without giving it a least a second thought, and be absolutely sure this would actually be okay. They were not just asking for money—they could have whatever, he didn’t care about the galleons sitting in his vaults and even if they were only using it for prank snacks he’d still consider that a way better investment than letting it sit in a vault collecting dust. At least they’d bring laughs into the world, which was more than most others could say even with all the money in the world… like himself, for example.

No, they weren’t asking for money, they were asking for a partnership. Which meant Harry couldn’t just say yes and hand them bags of gold, he would actually then be involved in this business… but they’d then be involved in his.

… to be honest he was also kind of impressed, because the Greengrass and Zabini family had immediately jumped at the chance to deal with the Potter family once there was a mere rumor he was bringing the family business back, and the fact the twins were right behind them not minutes after learning it themselves meant they were in good company so far as being business ‘experts’ went.

And unlike how on guard he’d been with Daphne and Blaise, Harry wanted to talk about this now and come to an agreement today, rather than deal with them later like he had with those two.

“I’m not going to flat out say no obviously, but what exactly were you thinking?” he had to know.

“We hadn’t gotten too far into the actual plan here, but we did at least come to the conclusion that things will go a lot better if we had your help on it too.” George folded his hands again—it must be their tell when they were trying to be persuasive, Harry noted absently in amusement.

“To be blunt, you have the money we don’t. You have the skill in Transfiguration that we don’t. You have the Slytherin-y-ness to know what the hell we’re supposed to be doing that we don’t! Just as a small example your idea of what kind of pranks or tricks the Slytherins would actually buy from us since that’s a quarter of our market we were totally ignoring—”

“—and the rich quarter too, to be honest.”

“All of those things will make our ‘eventually’ kind of timeline into a ‘let’s do this next year’ kind of thing.” So the news that Harry had gone from talking about ‘getting Sirius a trial’ in October to ‘it was happening any day’ in January had been impressive enough for them to finally work up to broaching this conversation. Again, getting results efficiently really was a tempting thing.

He was pulled in again by them switching to their offer more seriously.

“And we can lay the groundwork, make connections and do whatever we can as businessmen to help you with your goal of Minister in return.”

“Lay the groundwork… how?” He frowned.

They glanced at each other with firm nods.

“We plan to skip our seventh year here,” They announced.

“We’ll take our NEWTs at the Ministry after sixth year which means we’ll be out of Hogwarts and able to work on things a lot earlier than you will.”

“That’s at least step one, but we’re still thinking of other things to make this happen sooner too.” Fred explained. “But a lot of our setbacks with our own business, and we assume will become an issue for yours as well, is the lack of adults taking us seriously.”

“Your contacts in Contrair are great but even they still see us as teenagers who don’t know what they’re doing-”

“-which might be true to a point but the lack of faith is annoying!”

“So being officially graduated in as little as two years will help us get established faster than you. Our business will have two years on yours, but then we’ll also be at your disposal to use our business to help set yours up if you want. We have no doubt what you can do while still a student would help us hit the ground running so hopefully it’d be something you’d want to use too!”

“And then after that… you’re going to be acting like you don’t like werewolves, but,” Fred glanced at his brother who pressed his lips but nodded resolutely. “We decided we’re not going to be doing that. We’re already called blood traitors and worse, it doesn’t make sense for us to pretend we don’t support them when it’d be so out of character.”

“But, that means we can be a light-sided support for werewolf rights that would be in your camp during your bid for Minister, while you’re out there pretending to be neutral or even dark about it. That way while you go off convincing Slytherins and what not of equal rights, you won’t lose your Gryffindor base!” George concluded.

Harry stared… and couldn’t help but be very proud.

“You guys pick the Slytherin politics up real fast, don’t you?” He let out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding, and they shot him matching victory signs with tongues out and everything.

He leaned back in his chair, thinking it over.

There was a lot of things to love about the deal. First of all, as soon as his fifth year, during the year he’d be most distracted by his OWLs, the twins will have already be graduated and in the world, able to act for him. Act like the adult allies he’d been struggling to get so far. Three years seemed short on paper but look at how far he’d come in only one and a half? When he was a little older and had a little more experience under his belt, three years could mean everything. Particularly with people his own age (thinking mainly of Slytherins) who were graduating with family businesses already going strong that they could lean on before branching out into their own ambitions. He had none of that so he needed to get the Potter family business off the ground before he graduated just to be on par with everyone else, and having the twins out of school three years early would be a major help.

Also, he loved these guys a lot. They were friendly and strong and never doubted or questioned him, displaying a trust that had paid off majorly already. They were really, really good friends in the truest Gryffindor way and had already proven that. Besides, he was rich so he didn’t care about they the money they were asking for or sharing his knowledge—Harry had full faith they’d return it in kind with things way more valuable than gold. They pretty much already had, to be fair, with their stunt over Christmas alone.

But still, he hesitated.

Honestly, they were dead on with the assessment they’d made, but… while he was impressed they’d made the connection themselves, he was concerned they didn’t fully understand the why this plan would work so well.

Nor that their parents were in this exact same deal with Dumbledore… the only difference being there was no way the elder Weasleys even understood they were being used.

The Weasleys were probably the pinnacle of the ‘light’ side of things, to the point everyone considered them firmly Dumbledore’s pawns, including Dumbledore. The greatest thing about the twins specifically though, was that no one, not even that ratty old headmaster, would care about the twins setting up a joke shop at all. A joke shop of all things was so incredibly on-brand for the bland, stereotypical ‘good guys’ the Weasleys had the reputation of being that it would raise no eyebrows and no one would ever suspect it was in any way related to any plot, of any origin. No one would ever suspect it, but it would be a foothold, a cover for a lot of Harry’s activities before he was old enough to get out from that bastard lemon’s thumb. It would still be a fantastic cover for the foreseeable future too, once they were both graduated and Harry was using every trick in his book to get himself Minister.

They were essentially offering their very real, legitimate business, to become a front company for him if ever he needed to do something that couldn’t be tied back to the Potter business.

Which was crazy coming from the Weasley twins of all people, but then again Harry had known for a long time now that Fred and George were not merely the pawns their family name gave them the reputation of being… but that reputation was precisely why they were so incredibly useful.

It just… it sat wrong in his heart, that the twins might not fully understand that they were, indeed, being used. Somehow they’d gotten the right conclusion that Harry would want to be associated with the reputation for his own gain, but they had not yet made the connection that it wasn’t just Harry out there who both wanted it, but frankly had already gotten it.

The Weasleys were ridiculed for being poor, for being blood traitors, for being ‘lame’ purebloods after all. It probably did not cross their minds that, no actually, a lot of people found use in being associated them for a lot of reasons. Not all of them good though.

They didn’t understand their own worth, was the issue. And here they were offering something Harry felt bad for accepting if he didn’t first explain why trading a priceless gem for a couple of galleons was a little too skewed in his favor. It would feel like cheating them.

And suddenly he was remembering Daphne’s expression when he offered a blanket deal and realized he hadn’t given her enough credit for being honest with him about how crazy his offer was. Someone like Blaise would not have told him the implications probably, but she’d probably felt very similar to him in this situation now, and had been fair enough to give him a proper warning. She really was a great businesswoman—no wonder her family was considered so trustworthy.

“I really like the idea and I’d love to work with you guys—that sounds awesome, don’t get me wrong! Both because it’d be fun to actually do but it’d also really help the both of us I think.” He began.

“But…?” George hinted playfully, since they could obviously tell there was more to follow that up.

He searched for the words for a minute, trying to figure out where to start.

“I have to be upfront with you guys about my intentions here. I am interested, seriously I am… but I feel the need to explain the full picture before you actually offer me that kind of deal. Because there’s a lot more to my plan, unfortunately, and not all of it is nice.”

“We didn’t doubt you had more up your sleeve,” Fred smiled, unsurprised.

“Lay it on us!” George shot him a thumbs up.

Harry gave them a relieved smile, thankful they picked things up so fast. Still… this wasn’t going to be a strictly pleasant conversation and he fidgeted with his cookie crumbs again tensely.

“I guess the first thing to get into… the most important thing actually, that I’ve been avoiding addressing outside of Slytherins, are my enemies. Before you go and invest in me, or start counting on me, you should probably know who I’m up against since… well, if we’re going to be in this together officially then they’ll be your enemies too. Once you understand who they are, I’m totally fine if you want to take back the offer if you’re not up for it… trust me I’d rather not be doing this either so I couldn’t blame you.” He sighed.

The twins just raised brows curiously.

“Well that’s appropriately ominous.”

“What kind of enemies are we talking about?”

“That didn’t scare you off?” Harry was half-amused, though not shocked.

He was given matching dry looks. “You’re very cuddly with a baby Malfoy, Apples.” George pointed out bluntly.

“Also, the shock of what you’d be willing to do kind of wore off when you confessed you’re going to be acting like you hate werewolves just to someday trick people into respecting werewolves.”

“I think we can guess what kind of tactics you have on the brain, can’t we?”

“Ah… well, you’re not strictly wrong…” Harry hedged, and they teased him lightly for it.

“So who are these great enemies?” Fred poked at him.

“Well. Obviously… any ex-death eaters out there and relevant dark lords of history, you know.”

“We figured.”

“I think it’s pretty obvious where our stance would be on that too—they were our enemies from the beginning as well.”

“But you wouldn’t have hesitated to make the deal if it were that obvious.” George challenged, and he had to give them that.

“Although I have to ask: does the bigger Malfoy not count?”

“Cause it’s a pretty poorly kept secret he was definitely a death eater—there’s no way you didn’t know that.”

Harry pressed his lips into a line and made a face, ignoring how they snickered at his discomfort.

“That is something else entirely… for now he’s not an enemy because he gives Draco whatever he wants and Draco is my best friend. I’m very sure it’ll come up later but for now no, he’s fine.”

“If you’re sure,” They backed off easily. He recalled the Weasley rivalry with Malfoy family, but could tell by their casual reactions that there was no true hate in their hearts like there probably was between their parents. By George’s raised eyebrow they did think Mr. Malfoy was a royal dick though, and Harry couldn’t fault them—the man had probably said more than enough to Arthur Weasley to have earned that title at the very least.

You could be a dick but also not an active murderer, he supposed.

Harry knew plenty of assholes who weren’t serial killers, so the two things weren’t necessarily mutually exclusive. I mean just look at Blaise, who was barely hiding his murderous tendencies but was also charming as shit when he wanted to be. Someone being friendly or being a dick seemed to have, unfortunately, very little bearing on the likelihood of them being a murderer, which was not a great observation for his paranoia to be honest.

It just meant he needed to keep up his ‘people reading’ skills sharp because it was probably one that would keep him alive one day.

“What else ya got?”

“Yeah Death Eaters are too easy, who else?”

They needled him, and he took a breath, trying to center his thoughts into something more coherent than just holy shit do I hate Dumbledore—he should’ve itemized the list of reasons to hate the man at some point to make it easier to explain it, but then again that also seemed like a terrible bit of paper to have lying around.

“Okay… there is one thing that will be a bit hard to hear, but I have reasons. A lot of them honestly.” He began. “You’re right that Death Eaters are low hanging fruit because it’s so obvious why I take issue with them, but the one that I need you to hear me out about, is Dumbledore.”

He had braced himself for their reaction, though it was initially just confusion as they tilted their heads in opposite directions.

“The Headmaster?”

“What, like as an enemy?” George blinked, and then Harry watched as it belated sank in what he was saying, both of them openly startling.

“Why?” they demanded immediately, more confused than alarmed… but fast on the way to becoming alarmed as clearly this was the last thing they expected him to say.

Harry mentally ran through his list of reasons to figure out where to begin, but found they were annoyingly interrelated. He didn’t realize how long the silence had stretched while he wrestled over it until Fred spoke again.

“Apples?”

He snapped out of it, meeting their gazes… and realizing, just like those months ago in Hagrid’s pumpkin patch, for some reason it wasn’t as hard to speak to them as it usually was. Every instinct he had to lie and cover his tracks for safety just… wasn’t ringing as loudly in his head when faced with the twins.

He trusted them.

Which was usually something he had to consciously think to himself, but for some reason with the twins the words just came to him before he could think too hard about it.

“Did I ever tell you about my relatives? Or, have you suspected.” He began, because no matter what other reason there was, this was the one that mattered most to him.

And he was going to be honest so that if the twins still decided to grab a shovel and help him dig this grave he was making, they would do so knowing just how deep Harry intended to go.

“You mentioned them before. That you’re not close.” Fred recalled. “Them being ‘relatives’ not family, you said.”

“I know they’re muggles, and the fact you don’t talk about them or go home for breaks is kind of telling, honestly.” George allowed. “But you not getting on with them is related to Dumbledore because…?”

Harry almost laughed at how he said it. He didn’t let it out though because he knew if he did it’d be hysterical instead of funny.

Not ‘getting on’… ‘hating them to the pits of hell and already burying them in unmarked graves in my head’… same difference I guess.

“I really hate them.” He confessed quietly, kind of stunned how easily that came out.

Fred and George both dropped the jovial attitude properly now, sensing this was not a conversation that was meant to be interrupted by any bout of levity right now.

“It is related, I promise, but I have to start from the beginning because it’s not… my reasoning is selfish, to be honest. It’s not some noble cause, none of my goals are actually that noble honestly… I just don’t want to die so obviously I don’t like the Death Eaters who want to kill me, I want my godfather to be happy so changing laws isn’t for all werewolves it’s for Moony specifically… and worst of all is that Dumbledore might actually be a good man to a point, but he’s still done a lot wrong by me, so I still consider him an enemy.” He explained taking steadying breath.

“Starting with the… the root of the issue I guess… you need to know that my aunt, the one I grew up with, is my mother’s sister. She’s fully muggle while my mom was a muggleborn, so as you can probably guess there was a ton of resentment when one sibling got to go to Hogwarts and the other didn’t.”

“Yikes,” George practically flinched, Fred not looking much better. They probably knew better than anyone how ugly sibling bonds could get, better even than Harry who had none.

“Yeah, well, sometime in my mother’s life, they had a huge falling out. My aunt hates magic with everything she has, and she married a man with the same attitude. They raised their son to feel the same way… anything not muggle or ‘normal’ to them is freakish and wrong, and meant to be locked away to rot.”

“You mentioned something about that before, when we asked about your colors,” Fred recalled, frowning.

Neither of them were stupid though, and unlike Draco neither of them were by any means spoiled either. By their expressions they were already putting together the pieces, but respectfully let him continue.

Harry was grateful even if he was hesitant to do so.

“…the night my parents died, there was a lot of things that should’ve happened. I had two godfathers, there were three other people listed in my parents will that I should’ve gone to—hell even just taking me to St. Mungos would’ve been better but… Dumbledore got involved, and he decided what my parents wanted didn’t matter. Apparently he took me to my muggle relatives, and left me on their doorstep with a fucking letter… a letter and no chance to give me back, to a family of muggles who hate magic more than anything. Who didn’t even know there was a war going on from how long it’d been since they’d spoken to my mother—I don’t think they ever even laid eyes on my dad from how estranged they were.”

“Harry…” Fred couldn’t help but be genuinely worried at this point while George’s expression was getting darker.

“Dumbledore left me with them.” He confessed, in a heavy tone and… yeah, that was just it, wasn’t it? That was that old man’s heaviest sin, and Harry would never forgive him for it.

I guess some things don’t need to be complicated.

“I don’t care that everyone else thinks he’s a great man… for that reason alone I want him dead.”

It kind of just popped out of him, but by their shocked looks realized how far he’d actually gone… oops.

But then suddenly Fred was just hugging the life out of him, out of his chair and practically in Harry’s, George’s hand on the table like he was about to reach for his arm but stopped himself… the look on his face thunderous but not necessarily judgmental.

“You don’t have to go back there ever!” Fred shouted to the classroom at large. “Come to our house, whenever you need— there’s always room, I promise! Mum would love to have you, I swear!”

George didn’t speak but Harry saw him give a solid nod… and he couldn’t help but sink into Fred’s arms with a small smile. Merlin did he love the twins.

Not just because Fred gave amazing hugs apparently. He hated talking about this most times and people’s reactions were definitely one of his hang ups. Nott was easy since he understood in a way others didn’t… but even if the twins didn’t have that same experience or understanding, they were open arms that only felt too tempting to run to.

They came from a loving family but were also world-wise enough to know not every parent or guardian loved their children like their parents had loved them. They knew what the sense of family and a good hug could do for a shaky heart and had zero hesitation in offering that feeling to others who grew up less fortunate.

And Harry did let out a slightly hysterical laugh at the irony of it all. The Weasleys, supposedly the poorest and least advantaged family in magical Britain… but they were wealthy in love and family ties, and they damn well knew it. The twins in particular knew they were blessed to be born so insanely lucky, so they did not get jealous of those who had ‘more’… in fact they pitied them.

Which wasn’t to say they pitied Harry exactly but… they weren’t about to act like they didn’t have everything Harry had ever wanted in the most important of ways. At this confession they knew they did, and just like Harry was rich in gold he didn’t care about giving away, they didn’t think twice to offer the family they were running lousy with. They had never shied away from the fact that Harry was richer than them, but it had also never been an issue or a point of resentment. Now that tables had flipped and they were not avoiding the fact they had the family Harry didn’t… but still, it didn’t change them either.

Harry would not cry but his eyes did get wet as he accepted Fred’s hug and let the tension seep from his bones for a moment as he hugged back tightly. It was just… nice.

“Thanks guys,” he got out, clearing his throat as he was let go, Fred choosing the seat right next to him now instead of returning to his old one—brown eyes cataloging him carefully like he was actively searching for injuries or anything else wrong with him right this moment. “I um… I probably can’t accept that invitation for a bit, though. I want to but…”

“It’s the same reason we had to cover for you. Dumbledore would know eventually and…” George trailed off.

“And put me back with my relatives.” Harry finished for him quietly, voice strained at the mere idea of such a thing.

“But why?” Fred huffed. “Have you—I mean does he know that they’re—!”

“Oh he knows.” Harry was ice cold to confirm it, both of them sealing their lips in shock.

“So he… he does know but he would… still send you back there?”

“Yes.” He could only hate the headmaster so much further than he already did, but needing to repeat the truth out loud like this and watch their faced sink into even more horrified looks than they already had on, he suddenly found a little more space in his heart to hate the headmaster just that much more. “Hogwarts is supposed to do a check on children living with guardians instead of parents. That means no, Dumbledore didn’t just not know how I was treated—at best he knew and pointedly kept me there anyway or he never once checked on me in ten years but signed off that he had anyway, fucking lying to the Ministry and the school board and all of it. Or, he did check… and he did know what my life was like… and he didn’t care.”

The twins seemed frozen, trying to absorb this information and clearly failing.

“He knew but he…?”

“Why?” Fred could only beg again. “Why would he—why would he do that?”

Harry could only give a very bitter, dark smile.

“I’ve asked that a lot, but only really have my guesses. Why does he do any of it? Why would he leave me with muggles he knew hated magic? Why would he completely disregard my parents’ wishes and how they lived their lives? If he knew anything about them he would’ve known that my mother’s estranged sister was the last person she would’ve wanted me to grow up with, but he didn’t care. He-”

He cut himself off, choking for a moment on his own emotions and needing to take a minute to center himself. All the reasons he hated this man were in his graveyard, papers strewn across the grass before his graffitied grave, so he slowly picked them and tried to organize them some.

“He’s too involved. I told you he was tracking me, and this is the un-edited version of why I can’t have him knowing what I’m up to. To be clear, I hate my relatives and Dumbledore knows that. I do not plan to ever go back to them though, but Dumbledore doesn’t know that yet—and I’d like to keep it that way before he has a chance to do anything about it. And yes, I’m certain he will try to do something about it.

“And before you ask,” He cut off whatever George was about to say, clenching his fists in his lap and finding comfort that Fred noticed from beside him and grabbed his wrist to give a gentle, comforting squeeze. “I know this because he’s already trying to interfere. I won’t lie and say part of the reason I started looking into Sirius in the first place was because I did not want to return to my relatives this coming summer but the only way I’d get out of it is if I had my official guardian back. Sirius is my legal and magical godfather and if he’s deemed innocent I’ll be able to live with him, and no one will be able to force me back to my relatives, including the headmaster. My relatives are nowhere in my parents’ will after all, me being with them was a decision he made purely by himself since there was no one else around to stop him eleven years ago. If Sirius is free though, he’ll be able to stop him.”

He swallowed some, ignoring how dry his mouth was. “At first it was just my paranoia that Dumbledore was watching me, since he’d already been too involved for a headmaster while I’m an orphan without parents to advocate for me, but then I tried to get Sirius a trial. And now I know he put me with my relatives on purpose… because it’s not just Fudge trying to block the trial right now. Dumbledore is trying to stop it too.”

Fred and George both looked like they’d been slapped. The grip around Harry’s wrist got unbearably tight as Fred clearly forgot how to breathe.

“…what?”

“Tell me you’re lying.” George seemed to be lost in equal parts horror and denial as he struggled to come to terms with what he was hearing.

“I’m not.” Was all he could say. “It’s true to the best of my knowledge. I literally sold my soul to Sebastian Greengrass to make this trial happen, and he informed me that Dumbledore was directly blocking getting the trial on the calendar—and the Greengrass family is getting whatever they want from me, so he has literally no reason to lie about it. In fact, me getting all these seats was specifically because I needed at least this many to outvote Dumbledore. Because Mr. Greengrass knows he’s going to vote against Sirius’ freedom.”

“But—” Fred stuttered. “What if he just didn’t know, or—I mean since only you and Greengrasss knew he was innocent, if he—”

Harry pulled his hand from his grip to shoot him a fiery look. “You’d rather blindly believe Dumbledore is still in the right and this supposedly great man had no idea over Sirius? That bastard knew Sirius his entire stint at Hogwarts—he was a harmless prankster just like you guys! He was Padfoot—and look what happened to him!” He forcefully reminded them, Fred flinching back at the sharp words and paling sharply.

George looked like he was genuinely about to throw up across the table. He knew that would work—they knew Padfoot from the map, it wasn’t like they were talking about some stranger. They knew him, they idolized him… and it was just as hard for them to believe Dumbledore was doing something so horrible as it was to believe Padfoot would do those things either, so the conflict was clearly giving them a mini crisis.

Harry pressed forward firmly.

“Remember, Dumbledore is Supreme Mugwump, and that’s not just a bloody title for why people think he’s a ‘great man’. That’s a job title he’s owned for decades, so WHY has he never given Sirius a trial himself!? Innocent or guilty, for better or worse, people deserve to at least that much! Why would he NOT at least verify if he were truly guilty, if not in the mess of the war ending but in the decade since? Even if Mr. Greengrass is lying and he’s not actually trying to stop the trial, even if maybe he honestly doesn’t know or believe Sirius is innocent, what reason could he possibly have for not at least following the fucking law and giving him a fair trial!? We expect this shit from Fudge but if Dumbledore is so great than why hasn’t he done it already? What harm could there possibly be?” He demanded, before dropping his voice to a hiss.

“To put this in perspective, Padfoot was 21 when this all went down. Did a hundred-year-old bastard really just toss a young man into prison without even double checking the truth? I know for a fact that Moony begged everyone who would listen to get Sirius a trial back then, including Dumbledore… so why hasn’t he?”

He knew the logic of ‘why hasn’t he done it’ didn’t directly translate to ‘he’s trying to stop it’, but for this at least Harry had more solid proof. In any case, the twins were more shell shocked at this point instead of trying to argue, but he could tell they were hearing him.

Believing was a different fight, but they were working through it and he gave them a couple breaths to try and catch theirs.

Eventually, George gathered himself first, though his voice was uneasy.

“And if he is… doing this. If he really is purposefully keeping Sirius in prison despite knowing he’s innocent… you’re saying he’s doing it just to keep you with your relatives? To prevent Sirius from being your guardian? That’s… a lot to assume, Harry.”

It did not feel good to be questioned like that, but he also knew that it was a very fair question. It was easy for him to believe but… he was also paranoid, and vain, and had been living this way since entering the wizarding world. He was already well accustomed to the idea the headmaster was out to get him specifically, though he was sane enough to know that it for sure didn’t seem like a sane argument to an outsider.

For someone who, until five minutes ago, was a staunch Dumbledore supporter, Harry just being insanely paranoid was a more than reasonable argument to make, even if it stung a bit.

“What other conclusion could I possibly come to with this? Why was he even there to take me anywhere the night my parents died?” He shot right back, not getting angry but not backing down either. They glanced at each other, knowing that it was very hard to argue that point. “The real reason though? The biggest proof I have isn’t actually just what he’s doing to me or Sirius, it’s bigger than that. Simpler too: he wants something from me.”

“Seems a little too simple for something so insane though?” Fred half-heartedly argued but he seemed to already know Harry was about to elaborate. “Although I guess it depends on what it is he wants…”

“Honestly, I don’t know for certain what it is he wants, but I know it’s something—because it’s not just me he’s done it to. He… how do I explain this,” He licked his lips in frustration, starting over once more. “Fred, George, you… do know that…”

“Know what?” George looked like he’d dread getting hit with a bludger less, but knew he had to know now.

“Well. It might not be true for your family exactly, but on the most part, you do know that purebloods don’t pay for Hogwarts tuition, right?”

They blinked in sync.

“What?”

“No, we didn’t know that.” Fred frowned.

“Why wouldn’t they?”

“The way my account manager explained it, older pureblood families work out deals with Hogwarts to avoid paying.: He explained, reaching into his bag and pulling out the folder he needed to have on hand. “The Ministry subsidizes Hogwarts Tuition, meaning they’re supposed to pay for all of it. For years now though, the tuition has been going up—just a galleon or two here and there every year—until now there’s a couple hundred galleon gap that falls to the student to pay. I know this because my mother started a charity called the Eileen Prince Foundation, which specifically pays for muggleborns’ tuition. And she made it applicable to muggleborns only, because she knew purebloods were not paying it.”

The twins looked at each other again, eyes wide.

“To be honest, we did know we weren’t paying tuition.”

“It’s expensive and there’s no way we could afford it even for Bill, much less the rest of us.” Fred curled in on himself some.

“But the way Mum put it, Dumbledore… waived it for us.” Geroge admitted, realization flickering in his eyes as he put some pieces together.

“But we had no idea it was so—so common!”

They were clearly not comfortable admitting the charity they’d been offered, but Harry had fully expected that was exactly what had happened. He didn’t blame them in the slightest—they wanted to go to Hogwarts and there was a conniving old man who got a thrill out of manipulating desperate people standing in their way. It was not the Weasley family’s fault they’d been manipulated.

Harry put the folder he held on the table lightly. “That’s the thing though: no one is paying the tuition most likely. It’s completely fabricated.”

“What do you mean?” George took the hint to open the folder, opening it cautiously to scan over the papers inside.

“Think about it: pureblood families have all made deals with Dumbledore to waive it for them. My dad canceled our family’s deal but before that the agreement was to provide teachers to the school if they were in need. How many other pureblood families now owe him favors and of what kind? And they don’t owe them to Hogwarts itself, they own those favors to Dumbledore specifically.” He explained brutally, watching Geroge’s eyes go wide as he saw the numbers in front of himl. “Now think of all the incoming muggleborns who not only are suddenly finding out they have magic, but then are also now given a pretty large bill unexpectedly. Imagine this kindly old grandfather-like wizard that tells you all about magic for the first time, and then also oh-so benevolently waive your tuition fee. He’d really be a great man to you at that point, wouldn’t he?”

George looked up from the folder, but even Fred looked deeply disturbed.

“Why is this so expensive?” He put the folder down, his brother grabbing it to see it too and instantly making a tiny noise of protest. “And it went up again this year?”

“I’m not sure that’s the right question,” Fred’s voice was strangled as he looked at the numbers, a businessman at heart. “The finances just make no sense.”

“To be fair, compared to the muggle world I never thought the way money worked in the magical world made any sense. Magic makes the creation of certain things easier so of course they’d be cheaper but… that logic only works on some things.” He admitted. “It could be I just don’t understand what goes into running a school, but you’re right, it makes no sense to me either.”

He put his hand on the folder pointedly, catching their eyes. “What does make sense though, is if you consider how this even happened. Who sets the Hogwarts tuition? Who is in charge of this school which includes it’s budget?”

“…the headmaster, then approved by the school board.” Fred admitted.

“And the board doesn’t care because the Ministry is supposed to pay for it. Which it does, except the Wizegamont needs to meet to vote and approve if there are changes to the subsidy they provide. Which they used to do without issue, until about fifty years ago when those sessions suddenly stopped happening—and the couple times they did happen, they voted not to match the subsidy to the current tuition. Any guess what happened fifty years ago that prompted the change?”

“…” they didn’t need to say it, going by their faces they’d figured it out. Fifty years ago would’ve been right about the peak of Dumbledore’s post-Grindelwald victory hype, and would be right about when he’d started achieving his many accolades and titles he still had today… including being a prominent member of the Wizegamont.

“Before you wonder how one man has that much power, remember it’s Albus Dumbledore, and also he has twelve seats in the Wizegamont. I can ask Mr. Greengrass to obtain proof of that if you want me to.”

“No, no… I think we see your point.” George finally tore his eyes from the papers, meeting his grimly. “You’re saying he created the tuition problem, so that he could waive it for favors, or at least a good reputation.”

Harry was glad he didn’t need to actually spell it out for them, and also that the numbers seemed to be going a long way in convincing them, because they weren’t just in disbelief anymore, but now were frowning like they were getting angry.

“Tuition is not the only way he does it though. Don’t even get me started on what he did to Moony,” He slipped up in how calm he was pretending to be for this conversation, his voice cracking. Both their ginger heads snapped up at it, eyes wide in horror.

“What did he do?” Fred inhaled, looking panicked.

Harry didn’t keep him in suspense but cut right to the heart of the gruesome, awful matter.

“Remus became a werewolf when he was six. He came to Hogwarts as a werewolf… but do you know how many children werewolves there are in the UK right now? At least a dozen. Wanna guess how many are at Hogwarts right now?” He demanded darkly.

“…none.” George looked like he was really going to throw up this time.

Harry took an uneasy breath.

“To be honest, I haven’t told most of this to Remus yet, not even that Sirius is about to get a trial despite how much it would mean to him, because he just—he doesn’t want to hear it. He’s… insanely loyal to Dumbledore and… well, three guesses why.”

“He let him come to Hogwarts… but he hasn’t let any other werewolf kid since?” Fred was almost in tears and Harry leaned into his shoulder for silent comfort, but he couldn’t shield him from this truth either. He needed to know if everything was being put on the table right now.

He kind of regretted piling more on, but they needed to see it, so he leaned down and grabbed yet another ream of paper from his bag—the ones Axeclaw had sent him that had truly sealed the deal for how dead-to-him Albus Dumbledore truly was.

“I might be pretending to hate werewolves for the advantage, but Dumbledore is only pretending to like werewolves for the advantage. Because it makes him look light and ‘good’ or whatever with the right people… maybe he honestly actually doesn’t care about werewolves at all in fact, but it suits him best to keep werewolves disadvantaged for several reasons, not least of which being brainwashing Remus.” He set the papers down, and neither twin reached for it, correctly assuming that they did not want to know what was in those papers.

So Harry just told them.

“Court records. Dumbledore’s seat, and therefore the eleven other seats he has under his control, has voted against or at least abstained from voting on every werewolf reformation bill since he’s been in power. Crazy as it is there has been reformations proposed before, but clearly, nothing ever changed.”

They seemed unable to speak for a moment, staring at the stack like it was about to jump to life and scream at them like a howler from their mother.

“If you don’t care about me or yourselves or anyone else, then at least recognize what he has blatantly done to Moony: he manipulated a child into being thankful for his education—something that should’ve been his right anyway— but was kept from him like it’s being kept from a dozen of other werewolf children. But he likes people who are loyal, so he oh so benevolently let one single werewolf into Hogwarts to be sure that Remus was forever indebted to him, no matter what it costs him. No matter if other werewolves are now wary of him for going to a wizarding school, no matter if even spending seven years here he was still in the end shunned from everyone he used to know. By having him come to Hogwarts Remus lost every community he might’ve had, and all for what? So he could be an informant on dark creatures to Dumbledore during the war.”

Both of them snapped out of it some to looked shocked at this news, but Harry pressed the issue harder.

“Oh but don’t forget that when the war was over, when Dumbledore didn’t need his werewolf plant anymore, he cast him aside. As soon as the war was done he forgot about him, leaving him to poverty and with no community to take him in, and despite being in a position to do so, has actively impeded laws being changed to help werewolves. Remus begged him to get Sirius a trial back then and Dumbledore didn’t. He used Moony for everything he was worth, since he was eleven, for his own gain, and has done nothing to help him in return… not even respond to a letter no matter how many Remus has sent.

“And the sickest part of it all…? Moony is still loyal to Dumbledore. He’s too kind-hearted to realize his own situation.” He got out bitterly, but also proud of himself he’d remained relatively calm despite how hotly his blood was boiling in his veins right now.

“But how?” George was aghast, fist clenching where it rested on the table. “I get maybe we were just uneducated or naïve to not look this up ourselves, but if Mr. Moony has been—been alone all this time and he won’t even return his letters then how is he still loyal!?”

Harry bit his lips, the frustration getting to him a bit.

“Because Remus won’t hear it. I tried, trust me I tried to have this exact conversation with him but he just—he won’t hear it. You have to understand… he was a child. A child without trustworthy guardians who was promised seven years away from hell on earth to just be a normal kid, all on the whim of an old man who plays a friendly grandfather really, really well. He was just a kid who wanted to be a kid… just like I was.”

“Harry—” Fred’s hand was on his arm now, sounding stressed.

“Don’t you see this is just what he does? I don’t really have proof for this one but… your parents are insanely loyal to Dumbledore too, aren’t they?” he demanded and they looked stricken, immediately connecting the dots.

“They are… but Harry—”

“Do you know why? Besides him being a so-called ‘great man’ or whatever… are you sure something didn’t happen that made them grateful? Because that’s his entire MO: he fabricates horrible situations and then benevolently saves people from the very situations he put them in to create this weird hero-worship and loyalty in them. Not often, but then he has extremely loyal advocates that spread the word that he’s a ‘great man’ until it’s somehow common knowledge.” He ranted viciously. “And it’s really, really widely known that the Weasley family are loyal to Dumbledore. To be blunt, part of your bad reputation with Slytherins is because they’ve written you off as his pawns and not much else.”

George tensed to the point of shattering and Fred looking a bit panicked, glancing between them sharply.

“I can’t think of anything, besides the tuition I guess… but Merlin now that you say it, it makes… too much sense…” But he was glancing at brother, even more worried about George’s reaction for some reason.

But the pieces lined up too well, and they knew it.

He kept werewolves in oppression so that every time he tosses Remus a bone, he goes jumping for it.

He put Harry in an abusive household so that when he was ‘saved’ by attending Hogwarts, he’d see Dumbledore as the man who gave him his place here.

They couldn’t help but wonder if he’d planned to do it to Sirius too—he was the one who wasn’t pushing to give him a trial, letting him essentially sit on ice until the day he needed the Black family back, and would ‘save him’ by suddenly proving his innocence… when Harry suspected Dumbledore already knew damn well he was innocent.

If he really was watching through the paintings all around Hogwarts, there was no fucking way he didn’t know the Marauders Animagus secret.

Slytherins in general didn’t align with Dumbledore because they could eventually pick up on it. They were cynical and paranoid enough that could tell when a bad situation was because of something, not just fate, and they didn’t believe in things like coincidences at all. They would always eventually be able to tell Dumbledore was behind their bad fortune while trying to be their ‘savior’ from the situation he himself caused.

Ah, but Slytherins were the ‘bad guys’ obviously… something Dumbledore, even as headmaster, never once tried to intervene or sooth. It was his own school but he had let the house rivalries run wild, never lifting a finger to stop the blatant bullying and hostility happening amongst children… because it suited his purposes to discredit those who wouldn’t fall for his schemes. He didn’t give a fuck he was villainizing an entire house, most of which would never be involved in any way with his plans but would still suffer from the lack of school unity and being blamed for being ‘dark’ as the generational trauma continued on and on and on under the old man’s care…

Just because it made sense didn’t make it true. That was the Slytherin saying, at least.

But this… they also said things like ‘it’s not paranoia if they really are out to get you’ and Harry KNEW he had every right to be paranoid—the twins did too, even if they hadn’t known it until now.

“I don’t know what he’s after with me, but I can guess. The Potter line has money and connection, but more than that my bullshit ‘Boy Who Lived’ title and reputation gives me public sway, and to an old man whose had his hands in every pot for the past hundred years that means I’m a threat. It would’ve been better for him if I were one of his pawns, not someone competing against him in the court of public opinion.” He put a hand on Fred’s on his arm, as he could tell this was a lot on the both of them, but one twin was clearly just getting upset while Goerge was visibly getting more and more poised off.

“He did what he did to Remus so that he has a werewolf singing his praises and can maintain that he fights for the ‘little guys’ with the Light sided families, without actually ever doing shit to help anyone. He’s letting Sirius rot in prison to keep his Black family contact on ice, but I bet you anything he wanted to be the ‘savior’ who freed him from Azkaban when the time’s right… and if that happened then you bet your ass that the second richest family in Britain would’ve been at Dumbledore’s disposal. For fuck’s sake, he’s old as dirt but he lets the house rivalries between children get worse and worse every year without doing anything to stop it, when I managed to make progress as an eleven-year-old. At some point it’s because he wants the student body to keep fighting amongst itself and villainizing a fourth of them—most conveniently the fourth that would never fall for the blatant, conniving bullshit he pulls and who has the pureblood connections and money to not need a ‘savior’. Not that they’d ever accept one anyway.”

He softened his expression as much as he could, knowing they’d heard him and now more just pleasing with them as he squeezed Fred’s hand.

“When you think of Light-sided families… Weasleys are at the top of the list, and all of you have been his biggest vocal supporters from the start. Do you really think that’s a coincidence?”





He posed it as a real question this time, but was met with silence.

George’s face was indescribable, but Fred finally lost it and sniffled, turning away a bit to shove his sleeve over his eyes hastily.

He felt kind of guilty for doing this to them, but he knew he had to be honest. And he was not going into business with people who didn’t understand how much of a fucking threat the headmaster was—it was too dangerous.

He took a calming breath, trying to let out the frustration and anger that had been building under his skin.

“Look… I have enemies out there. More than I know, I’m sure. I don’t think Voldemort is truly dead for one, but even if he is there are a ton of death eaters out there that are still kicking and would love to kill me anyway. As you said that’s all obvious stuff though… Dumbledore is my biggest enemy right now, since if he gets his way then I’m going back to my relatives this summer and… frankly, I’d rather die.”

He winced as the grip on his hand tripled and was suddenly being forced to look at a red-eyed, frantic yet angry twin beside him, free hand atop his head tightly to hold his gaze still.

“Why do you sound so fucking serious when you say that,” He hissed at him, but Harry just clenched his jaw for a second and shot him a reassuring smile that he was sure neither of them bought.

“I have a contingency plan or two… Sirius, for one. Convincing a Slytherin friend of mine to hide me in another country so he can’t force me to go back for another… so this summer is probably fine. If I can’t get free more permanently then… I’d drop out of Hogwarts to get away.” He admitted honestly, valiantly ignoring the way George was sitting up straighter in his periphery—or the way the brown eyes boring into his widened with even more tears. “Since that would remove any possibility of Dumbledore keeping his eye on me I doubt he’ll let it be that easy, but still… he can’t make me go back if he wants me alive.”

“Harry.” Fred fully just grabbed his shoulders now to shake him lightly, but desperately. “Were you really thinking all of that!? Why did you—that can’t—!”

“What did they do.”

They both froze, looking over at George who… didn’t looked nearly as shocked or panicked as his brother did. No, when Harry met his gaze, he realized this twin somehow immediately understood Harry’s attitude… even if he looked grim as hell, he got it.

If Dumbledore tried to force the matter, he’d have to kill him because he wouldn’t go.

While the mere thought had Fred in literal tears, George, somehow, looked like he understood the sentiment.

Which made his question all the more unnerving.

“…who?” Harry evaded softly, unable to meet his eyes.

“You know who.” Came the unamused grunt, the twin suddenly seeming very tired as he ran a haggard hand through his hair. “Look… this is a lot. I’m… I’m leaning towards believing you about all this but on the other hand, this conversation is just proving that I need to question things a lot more than I have been. It means I’m also questioning you too, but I’m seriously questioning Dumbledore and pretty much everyone else as well.”

“That’s fair…”

“So I want to know. What did they do that makes dropping out of Hogwarts or even death better than that?”

“George…” Fred was uneasy, refusing to let go of Harry’s shoulders, though he wasn’t exactly pushing him off either.

“I want to know how much I should want them dead too.” He demanded shortly, almost bratty even, and Harry felt… slightly comforted, actually.

“We’re not killing anyone!”

“Except maybe Dumbledore depending on his answer!” George shot right back, Fred not even seeming to realize he was digging into his grip on Harry too harshly in his distress.

“You can’t say that!”

“Why not!?”

“Don’t you fucking dare ask me though, you know why!”

George slammed his hands into the desk sharply and was suddenly on his feet. “If this doesn’t throw everything we had agreed out the window then you’re heartless! Stop crying if you won’t fucking do something about it then!”

“I am not crying about it and if I’M heartless then what the hell does that make you!?”

While Harry had once been fond that they let him see them bicker, seeing them fighting was awful.

He grabbed Fred’s hands from where they were on his shoulders and squeezed to get his attention, ripping him from glaring at his brother to look down in alarm—then followed what Harry was purposefully showing him.

Their hands, held tightly together like it would save them from the torrent of emotions threatening to blow them all to pieces… and the deep, disturbing white scars littering his hands. Both twins lost all the fire they’d had in yelling, staring… Fred clearly not wanting to believe it but George’s expression going stony again.

“Look I… it’s a long story. My whole life, actually.” He admitted softly. “I… I do want to tell you guys, I want to tell you everything since you’ve heard me out so far but… let’s do it another time. I think—I think we’ve had enough for today.” He tried to deescalate the tension in the air… and thankfully it worked some, as George stopped leaning on the desk but stood up and took a step away, collecting himself.

“…Harry, just tell me you’re okay.” Fred pleaded.

Harry wanted to but… no use doing this much damage with being honest only to lie at the end.

He gave what he hoped was a comforting smile. “I will be. By this summer I’ll have Moony and Padfoot, they’ll have each other again and things will get better, I know they will.” He smile faded some, unable to fully hide the desperation behind his actions. “I probably won’t sleep soundly until that happens though. I never do.”

“We want to help you.” Fred squeezed his hands again, more gently thankfully, and not breaking eye contact. “Say you’ll let us help you, please.”

“Even if it’s not the business deal we proposed, you need to let us know if we can help.” George agreed, and Harry was relieved they were back to finishing each others’ thoughts… even if Fred was still phrasing things much less aggressively than George was.

He blew out a breath, giving a tired chuckle.

“I’ll be totally honest with you guys… a part of me is tempted by your offer to work together for the exact same reason Dumbledore wanted your parents. Your family has an insanely Light reputation, and even among your peers you two are above a lot of the shit other people get bogged down by since everyone assumes you’re just here to pull a prank and have a good time. You’ve never let people see you as being serious so far, so no one suspects you actually have that side to you.” He confessed, ducking his head apologetically.

“In a way, that’s insanely useful… if you two go out into the world maintaining that reputation, having you two publicly vouch for me even when I’m up to probably less above-board stuff that other Gryffindors might not be comfortable with, I can still maintain my reputation enough to make Minister someday. “I’m going to need to do a lot of Slytherin shit to get anywhere in politics, but I still need the votes from the graduates of the other three houses too. Balancing that is going to be really hard, I think.

“When you first offered I wanted to say yes immediately, but… I don’t think you guys realize just what kind of sway you actually have in the world. You’re offering to be my business partners but you’re actually giving me way more than me being a financial backer could ever actually repay—you’re giving me your reputation to hide behind if you really intend to support me, and that’s not something to scoff at. You might discredit your own reputation because of the negative things that get tossed at you but you have to know that in reality, your support really matters. The Weasley family’s support is a very important piece that you have to realize the importance of before you actually offer to work with me.” He explained.

“Really?” This seemed to be news to both of them, Fred blinking rapidly.

George however… suddenly collapsed back into his seat, startling both of them and making Harry do a double take when he realized he was staring at him—or perhaps he should say he was staring right through his soul, which startled him.

“George?”

It took a long few moments, but eventually his made a face. Fred just seemed confused, as it wasn’t often they weren’t thinking along the same lines. Even when they were disagreeing they’d at least known what each other was thinking… now it seemed like something new had occurred to one twin, but not the other.

“Care to share?” Harry prompted when the silence became awkward.

It still took another couple seconds, but then… George’s expression hardened.

“Look, it… it does make sense.” He allowed, pausing almost pointed. Fred didn’t jump in though, as for once he had no idea what his brother was about to say and looking at him just as curiously as Harry was. He blew out an impatient breath. “The fact you’re straight up telling us that you want to use our reputations and why… it makes a scary ton of sense. It’s a little too easy to realize that for the same exact reason, anyone else who wants the Light side support but wants to actually work darkly would need someone like our parents and our family to cover for them.” He admitted.

Because Harry wanted to use them in this way… it really cemented for him that Dumbledore could just as easily want it too.

Fred frowned though, hesitating given the high emotions but still unable to help himself. “I mean, by that same token… you work like a snake yourself Apples, but your purposes are for something good. If you think you’re doing the same thing in this one instance, isn’t it possible Dumbledore is in the same exact boat?”

“What, that he’s after something good?” He repeated, blinking as the notion sunk in. Had he ever really considered it…? He didn’t think so.

Despite never having visiting this area of retrospection in his heart before, the answer wasn’t that hard to find at all.

“Honestly… I really believe that’s probably true.”

They both blinked.

“You do?”

“Sure, why not?” He shrugged, a little distributed by how calm he was to admit this. “Maybe he is fighting for something better… using every underhanded trick he has in order to fight for something maybe we’ll even agree is a good thing. Even now I get that he might be fighting for the very same things I am right now, with good intentions even. Things like preventing Voldemort from returning, getting rid of death eaters and saving lives even… in fact I’d find it pretty reasonable to think that’s pretty much exactly what he’s doing.”

“But… you still consider him an enemy?” Fred tilted his head.

Harry could only shrug.

“…he left me with my relatives.” Was all he could say. “There’s no grand reason… but I won’t forgive him for that.”

They absorbed that for a long minute in silence. Fred had yet to let go of his hands and seemed to have no intention to, as he eventually squeezed them a couple time as if to reassure the both of them again.

He gave a weak, hesitant laugh. “And…and here I thought you’d say something sage like ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend’,” he tried to make the joke to cut the tension, and thankfully it did work. A little.

Harry offered him a thin smile to know he appreciated it. “Maybe sometimes… but that’s usually a better tactic for taking out two of your enemies at the same time. Assuming you have two enemies is way safer than arbitrarily trusting someone for a weak reason like a shared goal.”

Both twice grimaced, but couldn’t argue that logic.

Harry suspected Dumbledore employed that tactic quite a bit… no one could argue against him because everyone agreed that he was at least against the dark lord. He made it impossible to remember that you could hate both Voldemort and distrust Dumbledore, the two were not mutually exclusive things. Just because you knew the dark lord was an enemy did not mean Voldemort’s biggest enemy was somehow your ally.

You didn’t have to agree with Dumbledore just because you hated Voldemort, but the headmaster was really good at making people forget that.

“So like… with all this said, was your comment earlier actually true?” George blurted out, and at Fred’s uneasy frown and Harry’s confusion, clarified. “About wanting him dead.”

Harry mentally walked past Albus Dumbledore’s grave in his head and glared at it… before knowing he had to do the right thing.

“Honestly… I would not lose sleep if he up and had a heart attack right this moment. In fact I might raise a toast,” He huffed and they seemed almost amused at that. “But uh… no, I’m not actually plotting to kill him. I wouldn’t complain if someone did it for me but I’m not that far gone to want to do it myself.”

“Not that I’d blame you,” George offered darkly and Fred shot them both a bewildered look, though finally seeming to relax now that they weren’t actively plotting anyone’s death. Harry’s or Dumbledore’s or anyone else’s.

He rallied himself, regaining some the prankster twin spark through sheer force of will it seemed.

“Well I’m glad, as it’d be much harder to get off of a murder charge than anything else you’ve hinted at doing, even if you have the Potter and Malfoy wealth to keep you out of Azkaban. Besides, if it ever got back that you had a hand in it then you’d never be Minister,” Fred pointed out for more diplomatically, nearly pleading for the both of them to see reason. “Maybe he got it through dishonest means but Dumbledore will probably always have the reputation of being the good guy, no matter if you’re also seen as the default ‘good guy’. If you kill him then that’d be a mess. You’d be immortalizing him as the good guy in a way.”

Harry made a face. He would absolutely would not give the old bastard that final victory, and by George’s disgusted noise, he agreed.

“I guess that’s fair…” He relented, though it annoyed him to do so. “But while offing him would probably be too far, he is still a problem. He needs to get removed from his positions of power somehow or I’ll never get a chance to gain power of my own.”

Fred had to allow that point, nodding along. “I suppose if Dumbledore still holds those seats… you probably won’t be able to do much as Minister, or even make it to Minister if he’s really trying to manipulate you too.”

Harry almost did a double that, that point kind of taking him off guard. Harry hadn’t even considered that but he was god damned right.

“I didn’t even think of that,” He confessed, “But yeah, there’s no way, is there? I need him out of power if I’m going to be Minister, I can’t just keep avoiding him.”

Which was terrible news, as he was half thinking he’d need the power of the Minister’s seat to be able to face off against someone like Albus Dumbledore, but he wasn’t even going to get that far with the old bastard still holding all hi current cards, was he? Unless he continued to play ‘good little pawn’ to the man and got his support in his bid for Minister, the headmaster still believing he was installing one of his own people into a position of power… you know what how much did he want to be that’s exactly what he’d done with Fudge!?

George ripped him from his spiraling with a scoff.

“It’s got to happen sometime though, right? I mean, how old is he? Over a hundred for sure and people that old leading the modern world can’t be looked on favorably forever.”

“No one has questioned it so far, but I definitely want to make them start, and I want to do it soon.” Harry frowned deeply. “I’m still working out specifics but that’s a pretty good point. Maybe the senile route is the best tactic…”

As he was considering it out loud to himself though, the twins perked up—their mischievous spark thankfully making a return as their grins matched once again, a devilish thought clearly occurring to both of them at the same time.

“I mean…”

“As part of the family that’s his most ardent supporter—”

“—if at some point we start to get genuinely concerned for our dear Headmaster then it’ll be hard for people to dismiss it.”

“And I’m sure there’ll be a lot of hidden snakes who’d jump right in on that bandwagon no matter how true it is or not, right?” They snickered.

Harry beamed.

“That’s… bloody brilliant! You two are geniuses!”

“Why thank you, thank you-”

“-thank you very much!”

“We might need to wait until we’ve graduated, until we have a bit of a stake in the adult world as reputable businessmen ourselves…”

“And if we have a shop with tons of light-minded customers rotating through, spreading a rumor or two here and there—”

“We can absolutely do that!” They gave each other loaded looks again and nodded in agreement, thankfully their earlier tension seeming to be resolved by whatever passed between them.

Harry let them have it. He felt bad about ruining their mood and triggering a fight at all but was both relieved they seemed to be more resilient than rubber and willing to embrace this new, horrific knowledge of theirs without much more drama.

“Even if he doesn’t turn out to be evil, I think I’d still be on board with weakening the credibility of someone over a century that is still making policy in a modern world. Seems a bit too backwards,” Fred decided, not quite as on board with hating Dumbledore so immediately as George, had been but reassured by this logic at least.

Which, good. It meant at least one twin semi-believed in the senility argument—that could only help sell the argument.

And the other twin, though clearly more on board with the ‘he needs to go’ sentiment, had cooled off enough to no longer looked so pissed.

This wasn’t the end, Harry knew it wasn’t. They would have to talk a lot more about the details of how this would work but…for today, they’d all had enough.

The brothers would need to talk amongst themselves after this, they’d need to reach their own conclusions and plan for what they wanted—or needed—to do. Harry would let them, because this probably wasn’t something that would be solved in one day, in one conversation.

He wanted to go back, to the happy conversation this had started as, with them sharing stories of their break.

Or… more accurately, he wanted to move forward. He wanted to return to those happy conversations, but now was people who understood each other better, people who knew more about the less pretty sides of themselves but were just better friends because of it. Fred’s hug earlier had felt like an offer of family that was already really, really tempting… but the tight grip he had on one of his hands still, with no intention of letting go even now despite them trying to return to happier topics… it felt way more important after what they’d just discussed.

Not just an open invitation to something warm, but a plea for him not to go farther than his arms could reach.



Chapter End Notes

The twins:

The Village-- Wrabel

You Are Enough-- Sleeping At Last





Chapter 70: Book 2 : Envy : 37




“Here comes another one.”

“Seamus, I’m gonna need you to kill me.” Harry was only half joking, the other half about to die of mortification as the stupid Valentine’s Day gnome came hobbling up to him with another poem in hand. He fisted his hand into Seamus’ sleeve to prevent him from abandoning him again despite the Irishman’s protests.

That would make this number seven of the day and somehow it was not getting better with time or practice.

“Let me go, I don’t want to hear this shit!”

“Neither do I!”

“You can’t say that, you’ll insult whoever sent this to you!”

“The hell I can’t—anyone who sent a singing poem doesn’t actually know me at all! At this point I almost think it’s just one person trying to mess with me!”

“It’s possible, but trust me that isn’t it.” Dean laughed—standing ten feet behind them and far out of range to be associated with the gnome who by now knew the drill and just got down to business reciting yet another extraordinarily cheesy poem.

Harry clamped his hands over his ears rather than hear it. He knew he couldn’t run as the thing would just chase him down and he refused to lose composure like that by fleeing the small creature just doing his damn job.

All in all it wasn’t the worst or anything, just super annoying. Honestly it was kind of nice to have normal, pre-teen kind of troubles for once; it’d been a while since he felt the normal kind of embarrassment, since usually he had no shame. These poems were just that bad though.

“I am impressed at how many things people can compare your hair to,” Dean commented causally as he rejoined them once the gnome had toddled off, getting far too much enjoyment over his suffering in Harry’s opinion. “Big fan of the one that called you a lobster.”

“I hate you.” Harry sighed, accepting his fate. “I’m about to send one after you just so you know how this feels.”

“Joke’s on you, I’d love to hear how pretty you think my eyes are,” He snarked back, completely unrepentant so Harry attempted to jab him in the side. He must’ve been getting too predictable though because Dean not only dodged without even looking at him, but then put his hands behind his head to casually change the topic like the attack hadn’t even registered.

“I’m starving. Let’s go to the kitchens before Transfiguration,” He decided.

“You’re always hungry, and we just had lunch.” Seamus complained, only because this was a daily activity he was getting tried of walking down the dungeons for.

Harry wasn’t hungry at all but he caught sight of Neville pulling his bag up on his shoulder a little more and his chin lifting. He’d never say anything but at this point of studying the blond like a hawk so he wouldn’t have too, he recognized that to mean Neville was also not going to be mad about a snack and was interested in going too. Harry had been transfiguring all of their clothes every so often when he noted them getting a little too small—Dean was literally every other week it seemed like but he’d only just recently needed to correct Neville’s pants hem too. They had been the same height since they met but the quietest Gryffindor was definitely slightly taller now no matter what shoes Harry wore.

The news that the mandrakes Sprout was tending to had become moody and secretive was also serving as a reminder that, while they grew slower than a bunch of screaming plants, the next couple years were going to be really annoying for all of them.

Growth spurts meant snacks, which Harry didn’t mind… he was just a little miffed that if Seamus got any taller then he’d be the shortest and that was going to annoy the hell out of him. He’d taken all the nutrient potions Madam Pomfrey had ordered for him, so he shouldn’t have any lasting effects by now!

…but he also had no idea how tall his parents had been, nor did he think to actually ask that to Moony over break. It felt extremely childish to use any real estate in his next letter to the werewolf to ask how tall his dad had been when they were kids, even if he knew Remus would probably happily answer. It might’ve been bittersweet at most but Moony did like reminiscing with someone who wanted to hear it for once, Harry thought.

“Let’s go, we only have an hour left anyway and that’s not enough time to do anything else,” He seconded Dean’s proposal—and Neville’s secret want.

“I mean we would’ve had time if there weren’t all these gnomes—”

“Dean I swear to god—”

“It’s ‘Merlin’ Harry, don’t forget! How very muggleborn of you,” Dean teased and then had to duck for real at the clothesline that came his way.

“Is this what I get for introducing you to Slytherins!?”

Seamus scoffed and tried to put hands up in an attempt at peace. “We don’t talk that much, it’s just the first Quidditch match of the season is only two weeks away and you know Hufflepuff’s defense is-”

“You don’t have to talk to me about their defense, Wood’s only been trying to kill us running drills for it,” Harry mock cried, because he was pretty athletic but was still sore from their practice session two days ago. Hufflepuff honestly had the best defense of the four teams this year, and the only team able to actually break through so far had been Slytherin so he knew Draco had been talking shit behind his back about how Gryffindor had no chance.

Draco was an amazing friend that Harry knew he was lucky to have… not when it came to quidditch though.

“I mean the Gryffindor chasers are pretty damn good too, it probably won’t be the blow-out that the Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw game was. They’re still going to rack up a lot of points though, probably.” Deans shrugged. “The main issue is Hufflepuff has the twins on lock so they’re likely not going to be able to help much on defending goals when they’re gonna be focusing on stopping bludgers aiming for Wood,”

It was a known strategy Hufflepuff tended to use: do everything in the first ten minutes of the game to take out the other team’s keeper, leaving the goals open for the rest of the game. Despite it being an open secret it didn’t help how effective it was because if they tried to defend their keeper too much it left other gaps in their defense and they’d be a hundred points down before they could blink.

Quidditch in general just felt like that sometimes: like a sinking boat with a rapidly increasing amount of holes at the bottom and you only had two hands to plug them. Ignore one hole for too long and you started taking on water even faster—you just had to hold on until you could cross the shore first. Hufflepuff had a habit of making that feeling even worse somehow though, because they never really seemed to care about their own boat and instead gave 110% into sinking their opponent’s boat first.

They continued chatting quidditch on their trip down the kitchens, Harry content to pretend for a little while longer that this first upcoming match of the year was the only thing he was anticipating with an uneasy stomach.

“Wait—the gnome is coming back. Guys run!”

“Hey!” Harry shouted, about to be mad they were abandoning him, when the gnome sprinted past him and nailed Dean in his stupidly long legs to prevent him from running.

Harry immediately changed his mind about how funny the Valentine’s gnomes were when he got to see Dean’s mortified expression as he was read a cheesy poem of his own. Him crying in laughter on the hallway floor with Neville almost made up for needing to sit through his own poems throughout the day.

000

“Hey, Harry?”

He looked up, very used to people interrupting him if they caught him studying alone—particularly in the days leading up to a big Transfiguration assignment, and particularly if he was stupid enough to try and work alone in the Gryffindor common room. He normally only did so when he was not really interested in the work he was supposed to be doing, or early in the morning before anyone else was up because he knew he was 100% going to get interrupted otherwise.

He’d risked it today because he was just reading through one of his Chemistry books, so it wasn’t like it was an assignment he needed to do urgently or anything. He’d fully expected to only get maybe 30 minutes on it before being interrupted, but was pleasantly surprised he’d almost reached an hour.

He was way more surprised by the person who’d called to him though, instantly forgetting about Chemistry to pay attention to her.

Fay Dunbar theoretically should’ve been easier to talk to than any Slytherin out there, but at this point he’d barely exchanged more than ten words with her since being at Hogwarts. The second-year Gryffindor girls had a very harsh click amongst themselves that only Hermione didn’t seem to be part of, and since none of them were in the football club either, they really had their own little world unto themselves that didn’t involve anyone else. Gryffindor boys seemed almost particularly excluded, which Harry had learned when he’d tried to be friendly and gotten some seriously filthy looks.

He could choose to be annoying and insert himself into friend groups where he wasn’t wanted, and had done so plenty of times before, but something about those girls in particular had scared him so he gave them their space. That had seemed to be a fine status quo so far, as they ignored him pointedly, and eventually they also stopped giving him these ‘looks’. They’d gotten to the point where they just ignored him in return instead of having any real animosity for his presence if he happened to sit too close to them at the Gryffindor table or in class.

That one of them had actually approached first and greeted him, much less so casually, was certainly novel and he was not going to waste the rare chance.

“Hey Fay! How’re things?” He responded to her faked casualness with some of his own, choosing to ignore the fact they had never actually spoken nicely before and pretend they’d always been on friendly speaking terms like this.

“Pretty good,” She shifted her weight, almost pointedly pretending to be polite. “I ah, I actually had a question, if you wouldn’t mind?”

Harry expected nothing else. It worked on Slytherins, he knew it’d eventually work on everyone else.

“Let me guess… a Transfiguration midterm coming up have anything to do with it?”

She blushed lightly and gave a slightly annoyed pout. “I mean if you’re busy--!”

“Not at all! Just teasing,” he let out a light laugh and waved her awkwardness off, “Did you want to study together?”

“Please,” She immediately plopped down in the chair across from him, the grateful half-smile she offered seeming actually pretty genuine. “I just—there’s this one spell I cannot get and the midterm is this Friday so I’m just… I’m so lost.”

“No worries! Which spell?”

“The softening charm?”

Harry almost burst out laughing—given that was the base spell of the counterspell duro—but just barely managed to keep his face straight.

“Why that’s practically my specialty: did you want to show me what you were doing first or do you want a brand new explanation to start fresh?”

He knew he couldn’t trade with Gryffindors: they weren’t about it, you just had to give things away on good faith, and good faith would come back to you. Only if you were another Gryffindor though.

But he was a Gryffindor and he’d been sorely lacking some good faith in his own house for a while now, so he happily switched out his Chemistry book for their textbook, choosing not to mention that he hadn’t cracked it so far this year though. It just hadn’t been necessary for him yet, but he opened it up as a prop anyway so she wouldn’t question it.

As it turned out, they worked decently well together. Fay had a short attention span for sure and got frustrated when she didn’t get it after the first dozen attempts, but Harry was patient and led her through it. He’d guess she was about halfway there when she made a face and he switched to positive enforcement instead of blabbing too much about spell theory, since he could tell it was about to make her brain (or her patience) overheat any minute.

“It’s a steep learning curve to do it my way but you’re picking it up fast.” He encouraged delicately.

“Is your way that different from how McGonagall explained it?”

“Yeah, though she gave me approval to use it so it’s fine for tests and things. And I think once you get the hang of it, it makes actually doing it in day-to-day life so much easier.”

She put her hand on her chin, wand down so clearly she was taking a break and he took the hint. “You’re really good at Transfiguration, aren’t you? I mean I see you chatting with McGonagall all the time, but I thought you were just a teacher’s pet.”

Harry didn’t let his calm expression drop, though he did feel a vein in his temple twitch.

Yeah it was kind of blunt and rude, but the honesty was refreshing too. Besides, he could tell she was just bored with work and didn’t strictly want to be chatting with him, she just didn’t want to be working on her magic work even more right now.

He faked a light laugh.

“That might’ve been on purpose. I’m not like that with every teacher, but she’s our head of house so I really tried in the start to get her to like me. Then it turned out I’m actually good at Transfiguration too, so there’s that.”

“What does she think of you being friends with Slytherins then?”

That was… interesting. She was only talking to talk, so he had no idea how serious she was about the question or not. She could be asking for no reason at all, because it was an ongoing rumor she thought she might as well bring up while she was here, or because she actually cared.

Harry realized he probably was hanging out with Slytherins too much to be giving it this much thought. It was Fay… here was a 90% chance it wasn’t because she herself was curious, but because she wanted to repeat the information back to her click for them to do… whatever it was they did with rumors.

And he wasn’t Blaise so he went with the boring answer, not that willing to contribute to rumors about himself.

“She’s way too diplomatic to ever tell me her honest thoughts about that to my face.” He gave an amused snort. “Snape hates it though, in case you were wondering. Hates it like a lot.”

Her bored look broke a bit into a dry smile of her own.

“Why are you even friends with them though? They’re kind of creepy.”

Oh yeah, she’s just here for the rumor mill. Two can play that though.

“Fair enough, but I’m also weird. We’re a match made in heaven.” He slyly joked, making a show of tossing his hair over his shoulder. He would not get confrontational, not with her… any chance he had with his own year mates would be over if he called her out. Didn’t mean he wasn’t annoyed as shit, but like many before her she was just repeating house rivalry propaganda, so picking a fight immediately wouldn’t change anything.

Look at me, learning from past mistakes! He mentally rolled his eyes at himself. Gryffindors are ‘right’ after all—never outright disagree with them and I’m in.

He was proven dead right about his assumptions too, when she didn’t even blink at the comeback, actually just seeming mildly amused at the joke. She wasn’t pressing the issue that ‘Slytherins were creepy, don’t avoid the subject’, she’d just said her objectively cruel things and the fact he didn’t immediately disagree with her seemed to win him some points.

She clearly didn’t even care that she’d called some of his closest friends creepy, because her eyes trailed to the movement of him pushing his hair back, instantly more interested than that than talking about the snake house.

“… why do you wear your hair like that?”

“Like what?”

“Long like a girl’s.”

Okay WOW, she’s as rude as Ron! He felt his temple twitch again but refused to give her the satisfaction of getting a rise out of him. Ron had last year and look at how that turned out.

He took a moment to settle a mirror over the grave in his mind with her name on it, reflecting on his own mental image of himself and knew he could absolutely out-vain her. If this was her wavelength, he’d absolutely match it in the name of peace… but also in the name of winning.

His competitive side could not be smothered as he smiled in a way that bared his teeth as if she’d issued a challenge instead of merely asking a question.

“Have you seen it? Why wouldn’t I? I look bloody fantastic.” He shot her a wink and she did a near comical double-take, eyes bugging out some.

“Eh?” She startled, and Harry knew he was good at taking people off guard but took particular pleasure in throwing her off.

He looked at her hair just as blatantly as she was looking at his. “I did notice you straighten your hair. Do you do it with a spell or shampoo potions? Mine is such a bitch to straighten, it’s so wavey the potions that are supposed to last like a month only last like a week at best,” he complained and she dropped her hand from chin to blink at him.

“I have a spell… what do you mean shampoo potions?”

“It’s an Odd Solution from Contrair Alley. You just use them in the shower, and it makes your hair grow or get curly or do whatever. They’re pretty fun.”

“Where did you get them? I’ve never been to a Contrair Alley,”

He gave an evil grin that would’ve had any wise Slytherin leaving the room immediately, but unfortunately lions didn’t have the same self-preservation instincts.

They were off then, launching into an in-depth conversation (with plenty of backhanded compliments sprinkled from the both of them) about hair and then the magical make-up that definitely caught her interest. Clearly she hadn’t known despite being a half-blood, but was suddenly extremely eager to hear more about it. In no time at all Harry had weaseled an official trade out of a Gryffindor: exchanging teaching him the spell for straightening hair with getting her in contact with the Contrair hair salon that sold the magical make-up brand he used.

It wasn’t long before they got to the topic of clothes either since that seemed to be the natural progression. She sat back, crossing her arms over her chest with narrowed eyes.

“I had noticed Neville was looking rather dapper lately. That was you?”

“Yep! Isn’t it boring only wearing black beneath our robes?”

“I mean I certainly wouldn’t wear any of the colors you walk around with but it’s nice to know you can do a classy style too.”

“Classy? I’m not classy?”

“You dress Neville in the classy stuff and instead walk around like a neon piñata.”

“I would be offended if it weren’t true.” He tapped his chin in mock thought. Obviously he knew his style wasn’t for everyone, and at this point he considered her vapid enough not to take the piggish comments to heart. That clique of hers was most definitely fashion and girlie-stuff oriented so anything not ‘in style’ was sneered at most likely. He had always highly suspected they’d been gossiping about his clothes since day one anyway so he wasn’t shocked. “I suppose it isn’t for everyone. I’m still impressed I was only hexed once for sitting at the Slytherin table in muggle clothes.”

Her narrowed look softened a fraction when he didn’t take offense, but instead played along. She seemed to acknowledge him a bit more, now that he was taking it just as hard as he could dish it out.

“Seems like a hassle.”

“Oh it definingly is, but they’re worth it.” He boasted quietly, but confidently. She just gave him a suspicious one-over.

“Hm… I guess in any case, you’re not half as bad as I thought you were.” She suddenly decided.

“Eh? What’d I ever do?” he complained, before immediately back-tracking. “I mean I guess besides fraternize with Slytherins.” He allowed grudgingly.

“I mean Lavender thought you were a jock and a bully. And a weirdo on top of it.”

Wait…

“Um… I guess she wasn’t technically wrong about any of those things. I do like sports and I may or may not have a hobby of bullying first years.” He admitted, because it was true. “I have no idea how to defend myself against the ‘weird’ accusation but it wouldn’t be the first time I’ve heard it. Feels odd to be called out so bluntly about it like that though.”

She snorted, amused.

The genuine laugh told him he’d probably actually made it in her books by now, and was thrilled it only took being his absolute vainest for it to finally work.

“Okay, so you are all those things. Guess it’s just not as bad as I thought.”

“Wait, have you guys been like, actively avoiding me? Because you think I’m weird?” He whined playfully, and she shrugged as her answer. He gave a dramatic sigh. “Neville tells me I don’t notice things like that—guess he’s right.”

“I mean you’ve got plenty of friends in other houses so whatever.” She dismissed uncaringly. How brutal.

“What about you?” He couldn’t help himself, knowing it was a bad idea but unable to let the opportunity pass. At her wary, questioning look he put on his most persuasive smile. “I mean you’ve got Lavender and Leslie and them but did you ever consider branching out to the other houses? I know a couple Hufflepuffs who also talk hair stuff with me too—I’m not just friends with other jocks and weirdos.”

“I never really cared about stuff like that.” She immediately declined. “You do stuff like that but don’t you care what Gryffindor says about it?”

Uh oh.

“Maybe I’m not really keyed into the rumor mill that well… what do they say?”

She didn’t even hesitate. “That you’re not really a good Gryffindor. I mean no one really knows what house you should be in but people don’t think it should’ve been Gryffindor at all.”

It was kind of funny she didn’t say he should be in Slytherin—that’s what the Slytherins themselves said at least. And Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw… so it seemed Gryffindor still hated the snake house so much that even if they didn’t think he belonged here with them, they still wouldn’t condemn one of their own to an ‘enemy’ house.

“Wouldn’t be the first time I’ve been told that either.” He allowed tiredly. “But I didn’t realize it was such common knowledge exactly.”

“I mean you’re weird.”

“Thanks?”

He was ignored as she brushed her hair behind her ear briskly. “If you don’t care what people say then power to you I suppose. I’m not about to do it too though. I’m not about to get firecrackers thrown at me or have to deal with gossip behind my back more than I already do.” She shrugged the whole thing off, body language saying not to keep pushing so he dropped it.

“That’s fair.” He let it go—before what she said actually sunk in and he froze solid. “Wait—firecrackers?”

“You didn’t see Weasley throw a firecracker at you in potions?” She shot him a judging look, but was clearly not that harassed about it as she absently tapped her wand on the desk between them.

Harry felt… cold.

He was looking down at the grave in his mind labeled ‘Ron Weasley’ and… trying to decide what he wanted to do with it. Whatever emotion it was, it made his fingers go numb and he just barely remembered to keep his face blank.

That was…

No.

…information first, and then he’d decide what punishment fit the crime.

It was a little hard to breathe though, difficult to control it enough to make his voice come out normal. He didn’t want to spook her before he could get her to talk… and he needed her to talk.

“I didn’t realize it was him.” He managed, but his voice was tight to his own ears.

Luckily, she didn’t seem to notice as she spilled the clearly old-gossip indifferently.

“Leslie has a big crush on Seamus and won’t shut up about how he and Ron are arch nemeses or something, though if you ask me Weasley is the one with a huge bone to pick with you and Seamus is just getting involved. What’s it like actually living with them? Seems gross, going by the way Ron eats.” She wondered aloud, still talking shit.

She… saw nothing wrong with the firecracker.

It just a prank to her and probably to the other Gryffindors too. Only the Slytherins either A) saw and/or B) cared to notice that Harry had nearly been burned alive and the implications of his lack of reaction to it. And even then they didn’t actually care that much, they just took note of it for their own situational awareness and safety.

But this implied Fay had seen it when no one else had… and she’d probably told the other Gryffindor girls too, so half his dormmates had known who the culprit was and hadn’t mentioned it. They hadn’t cared to.

He knew Hermione would’ve told him but her roommates had never been very kind to her, so unless they’d mentioned it while she was in their dorm room she probably didn’t know, but all the other girls he’d sat next to in every class for months… had already known.

He was in his graveyard immediately, pacing in front of Ron’s grave and nearly ripping his hair out from the stress of needing to decide what to do.

Ron’s grave was a normal, boring gray headstone with the grass in front of it kind of flattened and patchy from all the times Harry had stomped on to vent his frustrations. Until now it wasn’t even real frustrations, just little irritating things that got on his nerves, but they held no purpose in him holding onto them so he just stomped on the grave to release his annoyance and move on with his life. Not since last October when he’d overheard him fighting with Seamus did Harry even bother to think about Ron that much, not even knowing he was in league with the sixth years that were clearly after him.

At most he’d felt… pity even, since there was no way those upper years actually gave a shit about him, and Harry wasn’t a monster who couldn’t acknowledge that Ron had been fully ostracized from their year level. He couldn’t reasonably think Ron wouldn’t go off and find other “friends” to hang out with so Harry hadn’t even held his part in all of that against him really. Like yeah he didn’t like him much and the situation certainly did not help but that was not the main reason he was choosing not to associate with his last roommate.

Even his freak-out after overhearing that fight hadn’t really been about Ron at all, it was just the trigger on an otherwise really bad time he was having that had tipped the scales.

Ron was not a friend and a little bit on annoyance— but even colluding with angry sixth years Harry had never considered him a threat.

He certainly was now though.

Just, how could he have even done it!? He knew Ron hated him, but physically, going off their seating arrangements in potions, he’d been across the bloody room at the time! He had to have insane aim to actually make that throw!

At the time Harry had even suspected him and dismissed him as not being good enough to actually pull it off even if he was the most likely to have done it, but if he’d really made that throw he was not nearly as useless as Harry had been thinking he was this entire time.

And it kind of freaked him out.

It was my fault for discrediting him as not talented enough to be able to do it. I thought he was useless—he’s as dick for sure but he’s not half as useless as I thought… rookie mistake honestly…

He cursed at himself, not having seen this coming and feeling his paranoia creeping up on him like vines snaking up his spine. It was like he’d at least known what sides his enemies were coming at him from, which sides he could trust his friends to watch when he couldn’t… only to now discover he’d turned his back to an opening no one had even noticed was there.

Except… it wasn’t his back, was it?

He stopped pacing, turning and looking at the grave in front of him with wide eyes. It was blank and unremarkable because nothing had ever happened that was significant enough to warrant decorating it more than some flattened grass.

So… why now?

No, I already know this answer, don’t I?

Ron Weasley… didn’t like him, yeah, but the Weasleys were, historically, not after the Potter family in general. Ron knew to shut his mouth in their dorm because Harry was too popular to get away with insulting him in front of that audience, so even someone slow on the uptake like him had gone off and found an audience who would hear it. Even Ron would know that to try and actually kill Harry Potter would be about as anti-Gryffindor as possible (even if Harry already had issues within their house, Ron didn’t know that). Half the reason he was so mad was probably because he was jealous Harry had managed to fit right in (in his eyes) while he’d become an open black sheep amongst the lions.

Harry was his own kind of black sheep, but Ron wouldn’t notice those kinds of nuisances, he would only be wrapped up in what Harry had and what he himself didn’t have. He was a jealous prick in that way—Harry had known that from literally their first conversation on the train which was why he’d been so put off by him ever since.

They freaking lived together, so if Ron wanted to actually risk messing with him he had so many opportunities to do so that did not involve Snape’s wrath of chucking a firecracker across the potions classroom in front of half their year level. Even Ron had proven he was not stupid enough to do something so insanely risky when Harry slept directly opposite him in their dorm room and those sixth years probably had plenty of ways of pranking him that wouldn’t be immediately noticeable.

So why had he done it? Why potions, why that class?

Harry looked at the otherwise blank grave and re-catalogued everything he knew about Ron Weasley.

He had good aim clearly, he was a jealous prick, had had very few friends outside some sixth years, he was Ginny’s older brother and the twins’ younger brother, neither of which seemed overly sibling-like to each other. Well, the twins didn’t even hang out with Ginny much either, so it seemed growing up with each other was enough for them all to go their own ways in Hogwarts, but the twins had openly fought with Ron at least once before to know they weren’t on the same page—Harry had never heard Ginny talk about Ron at all though.

They were all Gryffindors though, and siblings. The twins had apologized on Ron’s behalf multiple times, and while Ginny was clearly a good friend to him had remained entirely out of his and Ron’s animosity so far, probably because she was a good Gryffindor who knew not to pick sides on in-house spats. They were all Gryffindors so even when Ron was acting out the other Weasleys were kind of letting it slide because… well, he was one of them. And that went really far in the lion house, unfortunately, but also pretty damn far in the large Weasley family too.

At least that was Harry’s understanding of how families worked so far.

But all of that worked in reverse too: Ron couldn’t openly target him, even he knew that was too far. He could talk shit behind his back all he wanted, but actual pranking or physical violence was another step altogether if it wasn’t in good fun like the twins did it.

Any Gryffindor is always given a pass though, if they targeted a Slytherin.

And the Weasleys historically had a lot of bad blood with the Malfoy family.

I got caught in the crossfire, but I wasn’t leaning over the potion when he threw it. Draco was.

Ron had tried to kill Draco… not him.

Honestly it finally actually made sense, even as he felt like the carpet had been ripped out from underneath him. Just like that his paranoia switched to something much hotter, much uglier than he wanted to admit.

And whatever it was that climbed into his heart, it was sickly sweet and terrifying. It felt just as god damn awful as standing in front of the horrible mirror last Christmas. It had its roots so deeply twisted into his soul he could almost feel himself rotting from the inside out as it spread something disgusting and vicious to the tip of his tongue, the ends of his fingers and toes, pulsing through him less pure like blood, but as strong as the magic everyone always said he had too much of.

People coming after him was stressful as hell, only because it was coming at him from all sides and he didn’t always understand some peoples’ motives—Ron being a big one since now that he’d proved not that useless after all Harry wasn’t sure how to sleep at night wondering if his next move wouldn’t be something Gryffindor-level unexpected.

Ron going after Draco though… that was old hate. Gryffindor vs Slytherin, tale as old as time, Harry had been dealing with that since literally his first day in the wizarding world when he and Draco had ice cream together.

So Ron wasn’t inept after all, that was certainly news, but he was still a stubborn, jealous, impulsive Gryffindor who was blindly hateful of snakes while not knowing a single thing about how they operated.

And he had tried to kill Draco.

Harry couldn’t help the way his heart cracked open in that moment. Coming after him was one thing, but coming after his friends? Ron might’ve already had a grave in his mind but Harry couldn’t stop the surge of anger that only the mental image of burying Ron there for real could really soothe.

He had just enough awareness to remember that he played by the same exact rules Ron did. If he got up and went to transfigure Ron into a beetle right now in defense of a Slytherin (strike one—how dare he defend a snake) for an incident that had happened months ago (strike two—too much time had passed and most would say he should be over it by now), and for something Ron would say was ‘just a prank’ (strike three—no one in this house understood how serious it was at all) he would never be able to show his face in this common room again. They were both Gryffindors and this was the type of bad blood you had to just swallow since it did not count as ‘important enough’ to break house unity over—if Ron had gotten caught and lost them house points maybe, but he didn’t. It was just an old prank at this point and Harry would be the bed guy if he retaliated now.

BUT… he could talk all the shit he wanted, just like Ron was to the upper years. All’s fair in love and war and whatnot.

If Ron wanted to go after his friends and then play this game of words… well, he’d just been lucky so far Harry hadn’t given enough of a shit about him to pay any real attention to it.

He was paying attention now though, and he was pissed.

No one fucked with his friends.

He snapped a smile onto his face, a side of himself he wasn’t strictly proud of slipping into place because it really didn’t matter anymore what she thought of him, just so long as she thought worse of Ron—and Fay went and spread her piggish, petty little gossip to everyone else in the lion house who’d listen.

In a fairer world she and Ron would’ve gotten along great, but they were just too damn similar apparently.

“Honestly, it is. We have strict rules that he stays in his section of the room but yeah, it’s a pig stye over there.” He wrinkled his nose and her eyes lifted some.

“Ew,” She scoffed, the hint of gossip like blood in the water and she was suddenly an shark catching the scent.

“He’s actually the worst roommate ever—Seamus is a godsend for at least attempting to deal with him but the rest of the guys totally gave up. He won’t pick up after himself and he snores like a train.” He dug into Ron, the desire for vengeance so thick in his heart it made it easy to put the conspiratorial grin on his face and her eyes lit up in interest. Like Blaise’s tick for gossip but less proper and organized about it—she just wanted a juicy rumor to spread and he was going to give her plenty.

“How do you even sleep with that?”

“The curtains go pretty far honestly, but thankfully I’m on the opposite side of the room. If a single piece of his clothes touch mine I’m throwing out my whole wardrobe—he lets his pet rat sleep with him and everything if that paints the picture.”

“The hell, that’s so gross,” She complained, but also looking like she could not be having a better time.

“Tell me about it! I swear it’s like he’s never hung anything up in his life, it’s all just over the floor and I’m honestly shocked he can find anything,” He rolled his eyes pointedly. “I don’t even know if he’s ever turned in a homework to be fair,”

He had, but Harry was pretending he’d never seen it.

Fay didn’t seem to care at all about how true any of this was or not, leaning in with her own contribution.

“I mean not a shock—I heard he’s failing like all his classes. He tried to get Hermione to tutor him but even she got fed up with him after a while and she’d jump in the lake naked just to get someone to talk to her.” Fay doubled down on his meanness with her own, and Harry winced at the incidental jab at his friend’s expense… poor Hermione.

Maybe he needed to hang out with her more or get her to finally join football club as a referee or something. He hadn’t heard about her and Ron hanging out but if she was that desperate he regretted not being able to help her more. He only had one roommate he couldn’t stand but if all her roommates were as insufferable as Fay, then Hermione was actually way more normal than he’d been giving her credit for.

“She’s really patient too so he must’ve been a bloody monster,” He tried to deflect it away from Hermione and back to Ron, but Fay scoffed.

“Oblivious, more like. If she actually noticed what a prick he is then he’s the real deal,”

This wasn’t working, he wanted to bash Ron but not at Hermione’s expense, and was desperate to shift conversation away. Why was this easy to do with snakes but not lions? Or maybe it was just girls he didn’t understand.

“Ron’s always been a bit much. Literally our first conversation ever he tried to essentially coat-tail ride the whole ‘me being an orphan’ thing which I hate anyone doing.” He switched takes, even at his own expense which thankfully worked.

“Oh my god really? Like he was sucking up or…?”

“Definitely sucking up.” He faked a laugh. “Honestly I think that’s why he hated me outright since I didn’t put up with that shit. It’s only gotten worse since but I feel like I dodged a bludger on that one.”

“You’ll be friends with Slytherins but not Ron Weasley huh? Telling enough, I suppose.” She sniffed.

“Honestly,” He gave an exasperated groan and they laughed it off.

Is this what mean girls are? I’m being a mean girl, aren’t I.

He ignored that shameful thought, tossing himself into the gossip for everything he was worth.

Because he’d just learned Hermione no longer liked Ron, Fay was going to repeat all of this to Leslie her bestie, and Lavander was already predisposed to not like other boys for some reason, so with majority rules their Gryffindor year would officially be against Ron Weasley.

Even if Ron’s increasingly dark threats against him hadn’t gotten the girls to turn on him before, the cosmetic, superficial stuff like that he ate with his mouth open and dressed frumpily apparently did the trick. Everyone was predisposed to hate someone over something and Harry realized this was exactly it for them. They were interested in boys only so far as to have crushes on them, and anything that made them not cute or ‘crush worthy’ meant they could care less about them at best, actively dislike them as one of the gross ‘boys’ at worst.

Harry, who could talk hair-tips and gossip like he was one of them, seemed to now be exempt from that crush-or-not dichotomy they had, and therefore could be spoken to like a normal human being.

And he used this new ‘in’ mercilessly to continue to lambast Ron into the dirt.

He was sure to tell her all about how angry the twins were at him so as not to confuse Ron with the rest of his family—and Fay ate it all up happily, gushing her own hearsay here and there to spread some unsightly rumors. The more they talked he actually suspected she had a little bit of a crush on the twins so it was easy for her to exclude them from the conversation when bashing their brother.

In fact, some of the stuff she started sharing Harry was almost positive were untrue, and found himself having a new respect for Blaise’s ability to gossip without lying because it got shockingly hard very fast, when he didn’t actually know how to refute or clarify—or in this case twist some things to being believable or not. Not that he had to do much to ruin Ron—Fay seemed fully prepared to come up with some heinous shit and all he had to do was nod or hum blankly and she considered that god-given confirmation.

Pre-teen girls were scary, honestly. He thought Blaise was bad, but that crazy Slytherin was at least extremely careful to never get caught in a lie or muddy his own waters so that he could never swim there again. People like Fay though, spread rumors but were also willing to burn the house down around her and continue on like it wasn’t her fault. Like she wouldn’t burn it down again in a heartbeat next time too.

Neither of them gave a single shit about people’ feelings clearly, but Blaise had never told him ‘Montague is upset’ when relaying the facts of a situation, whilst Fay was now informing him about every single tear Ron had made Hermoine shed, caring neither about how true it was if he had, nor Hermione’s feelings about having her pain shared like this.

He really needed to hang out with Hermione more though, this was horrible even if Fay was exaggerating. But even if she were only slightly overinflating Ron’s crimes, if he’d made the overeager bookworm of their grade cry even once, he doubled down on his shit talking for her sake now too.

It didn’t feel nearly as satisfying as being able to hex him would’ve been, but he knew this was going to be far more effective… and he was ignoring what Neville was going to say when he found out about it.

000

He was on the steps in the great hall, heading for dinner a little early as an excuse to flee Fay and the Gryffindor common room in general after that… enlightening conversation.

Damn it Ron!

He cursed inside his head but on the landing too a deep breath and tried to swallow it.

It wasn’t me he was after, it was Draco. I need Draco’s opinion first because Montague was one thing but destroying one of my own housemates on his behalf might be a bit trickier.

First year Gryffindor vs third year Slytherin was just impressive, since the hierarchy the snake house operated off of implied it was not strictly excepted that Draco had a shot at someone two years older than him, but less as a baby snake. First year Gryffindor vs first year Gryffindor and Slytherin duo was way more questionable… that was encroaching into the territory of Harry fighting Draco’s fights for him which would actively hurt his reputation in-house, not help anything.

It all depended on if people had picked up the nuance of the firecracker really being aimed at Draco instead of him. Most of Gryffindor would 100% assume since Harry was the one who got hurt that he was the target, but Slytherin…

Well.

The Weasley vs. Malfoy feud was literally the embodiment of lion vs snake and about as public as humanly possible. Blaise had been the one standing behind them that day in potions. The pieces were a little too obvious if Harry turned heel and went after Ron too harshly right now—despite them already clearly being enemies the more clever of their year would absolutely figure out he’d only gotten so angry because it was on Draco’s behalf, which wouldn’t help the reputations they’d been fighting so hard to obtain.

Draco hadn’t really confided in him the full plan he was working on either, so he did not want to blindly charge in and mess things up for him.

But that meant he had to step back. He was absolutely going to tell Draco what he just learned, but it’d be up to the Slytherin then to handle it himself. Harry wanted him to involve him in the vengeance somehow but also knew the chances of that were very, very low.

He did NOT like the little voice in the back of his head that reminded him there was a pretty decent chance that Draco wasn’t just going to not involve him, but was also probably just going to ignore the entire thing completely, as that made him want to literally bite someone like a rabid animal from apoplectic frustration. But alas, there wasn’t exactly anything he could do about it.

The annoyed resignation made the urge to bite something all the stronger though.

“Uh oh… what happened.”

He blinked, realizing he’d been standing on the step landing too long and people were filtering in for dinner—Dean and Seamus catching sight of his expression and clearly realizing something was off. By Dean’s voice though he clearly knew someone was about to get bitten and was already wishing them luck.

He twisted his face childishly and plopped down at the top of the steps with his arms crossed.

“I must have a really bad poker face.”

“Actually I think you have a pretty good one… unless you’re angry. Then all bets are off.” Dean snorted and Harry sighed a bit in defeat as they climbed up to sit with him on various step levels.

He wanted to tell them it was nothing but… they were both doing wonders by fielding against Ron so he didn’t have to, so to cut them out seemed unfair to the support they’d shown. He really only hesitated because he was coming to terms with the fact that they probably had no idea how bad that potion incident had even been to know why he was so upset right now.

Except, well… maybe it wasn’t really the potion. Maybe it wasn’t even really Ron. Honestly, looking back it had not even been that bad, it was just when it happened he’d been having a really bad week at that point.

Or month.

Or year… whatever.

“You don’t want to know.” He finally decided, slumping down and just looping his arms around his knees tiredly instead of pouting. “I’m trying to be the bigger person or whatever and let it go.”

“Good for you… also good luck with that.”

“Oi,” He ignored Dean’s teasing but the joking around did help him calm down some more. “In better news I got Fay to talk to me finally. Honestly she and Hannah would get along great.”

“I still don’t get why you have this obsession with being friends with everyone. Fay maybe, but just so you know don’t even try to talk to Lavender or the two of you will burn the school down.”

“I resent the implication, but actually yeah… after talking with Fay I’m picking up on that.” He made a face. “Why is it my own house is the one I’m having the most trouble with?”

“Well you’re never here, for one.” Dean shrugged.

“Aren’t Slytherins supposed to be the isolationists? So Gryffindor will only like me if I only talk exclusively to other Gryffindors?”

They both paused and tilted heads at each other as if the thought just occurred to them, but by the way Seamus scratched back of neck and Dean looked a bit wry, there was a marble of truth in that.

“I mean if you listen to people like Ron or Lavender—or any of the upper years actually—then uh… yeah, kind of.” Seamus admitted.

“I mean I already knew that but it’s demoralizing to realize everyone knows it too but doesn’t care? How lame.” He complained half-heartedly. It was old news in any case, he was just complaining to complain.

“Lions have our pride and such,” Dean rolled his eyes, at least also seeming fed up with the general attitude even if he wasn’t overly concerned by it.

He had a point though: only snakes and lions ever claimed their houses were the ‘best house’, while eagles and badgers loved their houses in a more genuine, calm way. They were just happy to be Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs, but Gryffindors and Slytherins were the ones who ever went about saying shit like ‘we’re the best out of everyone’. Slytherins got a lot of shit for it as it came off sounding very asshole-like and pompous from them, but never let it be said that Gryffindors didn’t have a house-pride that meant anything not Gryffindor was automatically seen as ‘other’. Not ‘lesser’ as a Slytherin might, but alien and different.

Unwelcome, even. No one said ‘lesser’ but unwelcome was probably a great way to phrase it.

“Seriously, what’s with the face?” Dean swatted at his ankle and he gave in with a groan.

“Do you remember when that potion blew up in my face?”

“Yeah, I think… Malfoy never would’ve fucked up a potion like that so obviously we commented.” But in true lion fashion had clearly picked up that Harry was upset over it hadn’t brought it up. Good old Gryffindors.

“It was a firecracker someone threw.” He admitted with a bone-weary sigh. “I just found out who did it.”

“Who!?” Seamus’ automatic righteous anger on his behalf was appreciated, even if he also clearly did not understand the gravity of it all. Like a dog picking up on Harry’s distress he matched energy immediately and was clearly ready for some payback.

Which, you know, felt great honestly. You wouldn’t catch that blind, reckless loyalty from a Slytherin.

Or from Dean apparently, who raised a brow at him and had a much calmer reaction, knowing enough that if Harry hadn’t phrased it like ‘I know who did it and we’re going after them’, then there was more to the story he should be questioning.

“Was it more than just a bad prank? You have a lot of friends but I can only imagine just as many enemies—particularly in Gryffindor and Slytherin.” He shot a snarky look at Seamus, “You’ve thrown a firecracker or two in your day idiot, haven’t you?”

The Irishman tilted his head back, pressing his lips in a way that made it clear he’d been caught.

“I mean as a distraction maybe a time or two…” He admitted. “Never to hurt someone though!”

Harry just closed his eyes a moment at that reaction, knowing it was the final nail in the coffin… he really couldn’t fight back about this now.

Seamus had full confidence that he would never hurt someone on purpose, in the same breath confessing he did not consider throwing a firecracker malicious or dangerous. And you know what, Harry believed him.

Just because he didn’t like Ron didn’t mean the two of them were any less Gryffindor-like, which meant if Harry could easily believe Seamus wouldn’t mean to truly hurt anyone, neither did Ron. The Weasley probably no idea, nor did he care, what throwing a firecracker into a potion cauldron actually did to someone who got hit with the aftermath. There was… more than a decent chance he hadn’t done it to kill or maim anyone, but, as Seamus implied, as a distraction or ‘harmless’ prank or literally anything benign.

Ron wasn’t brave nor smart enough to have done it as a murder attempt, but probably for some petty, frivolous reason that he didn’t think twice about the severity of, all because he just didn’t like Draco much. He most likely did not intend to kill him.

He very nearly had, through sheer ignorance and recklessness, but he hadn’t. Draco was alive and unaffected by that firecracker so in the end, Ron had done nothing truly wrong.

Classic Gryffindor mindset.

And the lions decide what is ‘right’. I’m not going to win any favors by doing more damage than I already have with Fay.

Which meant this was the end of where he could take this. He’d just have to swallow the frustration and tell Draco about it, but there was no way to actually get vengeance over this now.

Which frankly sucked.

“Who was it?” Dean was still curious, but Harry knew from Seamus’ expression he was ready to go fight someone, and despite how much he appreciated the ride-or-die attitude he knew he couldn’t let this go farther than his graveyard.

“I’m being the bigger person or whatever. It probably was just a mean-spirited prank so I’m letting it go.”

“Do you think it’s a mean-spirited prank?” Seamus called his bluff immediately with a dubious expression.

And just because he couldn’t fight back didn’t mean he couldn’t vent about it, so he leap at the chance.

“For the first couple weeks I was under the impression someone was literally trying to kill me or Draco, yeah, but then again it wouldn’t have been the first murder attempt on my life at this school. That it was coming from a classmate was new.” He was blunt about it, and their eyebrows shot up their faces at the take. “I’ve since come to realize it was probably just a stupid prank by someone who had no idea how potions actually work.”

“So a Gryffindor.” Dean put it together wryly.

“Wait a second: trying to kill you?” Seamus was just aghast as if this was completely new information to him. Which… it was, actually.

Harry shrugged. “If Snape had been a second slower I could’ve died from the burns. If I hadn’t grabbed Draco to get his head away from the cauldron opening when I saw the firecracker, he would’ve had his lungs roasted. He’s an asshole and a terrible teacher but Snape is dead-on when he says Potions is the most dangerous subject, Transfiguration coming in second.” He explained blankly, anger finally fading as he was just… tired at needing to explain the harsh experience to his friends.

He felt like this was old news to a point, but it was old news that still felt a bit sore to his pride and his skin at the mere memory.

“Bloody hell…”

“Just because it really fucking hurt doesn’t mean someone was trying to kill me though. Pretty sure, like you said Seamus, someone threw it at the Slytherin side of the room for shits and giggles and didn’t understand or maybe just didn’t care how serious it was.” He allowed.

“You’re probably right… but I mean, we can’t fault you for thinking someone was after you since historically that was probably the case a time or two.”

“Thanks for the endorsement.” He sighed, slouching forward on the steps.

It only took a beat for Dean to be annoyingly good at piecing things together again.

“…are you about to tell us it was Ron?”

“I wasn’t about to tell you shit—I’m being the bigger person, remember?” he sassed back, but since it wasn’t that hard to figure out he didn’t really have a defense planned.

“There aren’t a ton of options since you just confirmed it wasn’t a Slytherin. Which meant it had to be either him or one of the girls, but they’re more likely to spread bad rumors about you than chuck a firecracker.” Truer words had never been spoken, given the conversation with Fay he’d just had.

“I’m confirming nothing. It was just a stupid prank.” He dropped his chin onto his knees tiredly. “Gryffindor will hate me even more if I try to hold one of us accountable to anything.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“It’s just something I noticed… you’re supposed to believe your own housemates before someone from another house, that’s just how it works or you’re considered disloyal. I’ve hated the house system from day one but I’m not oblivious to how it works—just because I don’t like it doesn’t mean if I get mad at someone in Gryffindor for what amounts to a small prank then I’m never gonna get another moment’s peace.”

He could tell they were not really understanding that, but also not about to fight him on it either.

“So you’re just gonna let him get away with it?” Seamus clearly did not for a second thing that was actually going to happen.

“I will not forgive nor forget someone almost killing me. That potion really bloody hurt.” He grumbled. “But I’ve got too many other things going on right now to worry about this one specifically so I’m letting it go. Just this once.”

“Hm… maybe you really are being the bigger person.”

“I hate you both.”

“What did I do!? He said it!” Dean complained.

“You were thinking it.”

“You can’t hold what I never said against me,” he scoffed jokingly, and it managed to pulled a weak smile from Harry.

“You do it to me all the time though!”

“Because I know you. And more importantly I know not to trust you.”

“Oi.” He huffed, but was smiling for real now. It was a nice reminder to know he had his roommates in times like this, and that they’d have his back without knowing the full picture too. Sometimes he forgot that not everyone over-thought things to hell and back like he did, that some people could just be your friend without needing to know everything.

He felt guilty for not telling Neville things, even if he knew the blond would never judge him for it. He’d never really told Dean or Seamus much to begin with, but they still seemed to be chill with knowing him as they did, on a less serious level but also somehow no less genuine. They were easier friends to have—friends that didn’t require much to be real. Friends that had proven to be friends for no good reason other than that they were, in fact, friends.

It was a relief.

Even if the entire basis of their friendship was the fact they’d been sorted into the lion house together.

He was thankful to have it… and self-aware enough to know he’d been blessed to get their friendship, while Ron had the same exact chance as him and had somehow missed it all.

“I really do appreciate all you guys have done with getting Ron off my back though. I know I don’t talk about it much because talking about him gives me hives, but I really, really appreciate it.”

“Oh stop, obviously we would,” Seamus waved him off. “He’s mostly all bark and no bite, or he was before this at least. I’m not sure I can just get over a murder-attempt and I’m still only half sure you should either.”

“Well,” Harry bit his lip, trying to find a way to phrase it. “I don’t want this to come off wrong but just because I think he’s an idiot and was carless with his pranks, doesn’t mean I think he’s evil or anything. I’m annoyed to shit he almost killed me but I also know he didn’t mean it. And while being near him makes me want to gag I also sort of like… pity him? He doesn’t exactly have a lot of other friends so him acting crazy isn’t unexpected either.”

Both of them gave him highly judgmental looks.

“Do you even know some of the heinous shit he’d been saying?” Dean deadpanned.

“Yeah actually, but it doesn’t matter to me. If he cuts my hair in my sleep I have potions that can grow it out again in a minute, if he destroys my stuff I’ll buy more. I really appreciate you running interference Seamus, but I’m not really afraid of him.”

Seamus almost fell off the step he was sitting on from rolling his eyes. “Not to call you out or anything, but you’re a bit of a liar my friend,”

“Eh!?” Harry sat up straight, indignant. Because, well, it was true but also where did that come from!?

Dean smacked his ankle gently again to grab his attention. “I saw how upset you were when you overheard him in the common room last term. I can count on one hand the times I’ve seen you that close to tears, so don’t tell me it doesn’t matter. So what if we all know he probably won’t do anything, the words still matter.”

Harry was momentarily speechless before he closed his open mouth and swallowed his shock.

“I was… upset for other reasons that day, and Ron just pushed me over the edge is all.” He admitted that much but was mainly intent on deflecting. “I’m not saying I enjoy it but what he does still doesn’t make me want to get back at him or anything. I know the real culprits are a couple of upper years and Ron doesn’t really have anyone to talk to but them. I can’t find the second-year a threat when he’d literally just being used by a bunch of way meaner sixth-years.”

“Harry,” Dean joined the eye rolling.

“What!?”

“Way to never answer the question. You can admit you don’t like him you know.”

“I never hid that,” He defended himself in a pout.

“You also don’t have to give us the diplomatic shit of saying you pity him or that you’re not bothered. We know you’re not that nice.”

“I do pity him and fuck you guys I AM nice!” He cried out, but couldn’t help the smile pulling at his lips. It felt… really nice that they didn’t expect him to be ‘right’ or the ‘Gryffindor golden boy’ and… were still choosing to be on his side.

“Yeah right,” they laughed at him, Seamus wagging a finger pointedly. “You knew him two weeks and broke a broom over his head, remember that?”

“I blame my temper for that and I’ve been making progress on Occlumency to get better at that!”

“Occlumency?”

“It’s the books Hermoine gave me on managing emotions—it’s a whole branch of magic apparently not just therapy,” He roughly explained for Dean, Seamus seeming to already recognize it and not minding that brief explanation, instead bopping the bottom of his fist onto his open palm.

“Ah! So that’s what you’re up to! Is this being merciful shit part of a ten-step program or…?”

“I actually came to this conclusion all on my own, thankyouverymuch—although if the Occlumency helped me be rational enough to make this call then I won’t deny that,” He crossed his arms, playfully sticking his nose in the air.

“See, that’s exactly what I’m saying, the rational choice doesn’t mean you don’t have a ton of irrational feelings behind it, right?” Dean jabbed a finger at him and he made a face.

“…maybe.”

“It’s fine if you want to pretend you don’t but just know that we know you’re full of shit.”

Harry only pretended to pout for a moment… before being unable to help the very genuine smile that bloomed from deep inside him. “I love you guys,”

“Buy me more cinnamon candy.” Dean instantly demanded payment and dodged the kick that came his way with a triumphant cackle, Harry making a show of being annoyed but mentally adding a task to do just that. The joke cut the tension well but he also knew candy never hurt anyone and he liked spoiling his friends when he could.

“If you really love us then you’ll agree to be a team captain in the first football game this year,” Seamus’ eyes glinted and Harry sighed. He had waved it off saying he would play but was too busy to be captain, but Dean and Seamus had this new plan that meant they wanted to be on the same team and no one else had agreed to be the other captain yet.

“I’ll consider it,” he deflected, but they all knew he’d probably end up agreeing.

“You weren’t at the last club meeting we had, things are really heating up you know. We might not have a ton of upper years playing but there’s a lot of interest in attending so we’ll have quite the crowd it sounds like,” Seamus excitedly informed him, and Harry was happy to hear this initiative he’d started last year no longer needed his presence to keep growing. Sports fanatics were a league of their own after all, he shouldn’t be shocked given the chance they’d be all over it.

Before he could open his mouth to respond, a new voice cut in.

“Oooh, tell me someone died!”

They all looked down to the base of the stairs, Harry feeling his temple twitch to see Blaise beaming up at them. Clearly he’d also been heading to dinner, and seeing Harry’s long face and roommates attempting to comfort him, got excited instead of concerned.

Psychopath.

It literally only took meeting their eyes before the Slytherin grinned even wider.

“Oh? Or someone is about to die then? Who are you after this time dear?”

Harry groaned, slapping his hands on his lap in defiance. “No one, I’m being the bigger person!”

Blaise blinked.

Before bursting out into laughter—and just walking away rather than dignifying that with a response.

Harry felt the urge to throw something at his retreating back but resorted to kicking the stairs in annoyance with a shout. “That bastard, how does he do that? I know he can’t read minds!” He complained.

“Why don’t you go bother him tonight,” Dean offered, and Harry did a wild double take at the two of them when Seamus nodded like this was a good idea. Like it wasn’t ground breaking that they’d just casually admitted he should have dinner with a bunch of Slytherins tonight like it was no big deal. He explained, “High road or whatever it is you’re on about, Ron will probably end up turned into a flower or something if you get forced to sit too close to him at dinner, so maybe it’s for the best you’re with the Slytherins tonight.”

“I’m not that bad!”

“No but Neville will be late and Draco’s the only other person who can really calm you down, so off you go,” Seamus snickered, standing pointedly and shooing him down the stairs.

Harry did so half out of confusion but… also because it also made him kind of warm that they acknowledged that.

“I don’t like the implication that I need to be managed or whatever, but I’ll let it slide for now. Bigger person and whatnot.”

“Sure, sure,” He was ignored as they said their farewells and Harry readjusted his mindset from lions to snakes as he realized this was a good opportunity to tell Draco too.

It wasn’t until he was almost at the Slytherin table that it occurred to him though, and he glanced back to see Seamus telling Otto and couple other Gryffindors already eating something very intently. While he hadn’t seen it coming, he realized it probably wasn’t just them fully accepting his table-switching habits, but that they might’ve just gotten rid of him for an ulterior motive.

And… uneasy as it was to his paranoia, he decided to trust them for once and keep out of it. It felt nice, like they really did have his back, although he was concerned what they were telling people.

He’d leave it be for now. They’d been in charge of handling Ron thus far and he’d never questioned it, so there was no reason to start now.

He stopped acting weird and walked more confidently towards the Sltyherin table os they wouldn’t sense his mood, plopping down beside Draco who was already half done with his meal somehow, mind clearly far aware as he jumped nearly out of his skin at the sudden presence leaning bodily into his side.

“Hey,” He greeted, Draco catching his awareness again and looking relieved it was just him.

“Hey—what’s with the face?”

“Am I that easy to read!?”

“Only when you’re angry.” He admitted, pushing a cup of tea closer to him as if to imply he should calm down and he gave up entirely, taking it and acknowledging he wasn’t half the liar he thought he was.

“I found out who tried to kill you.” He announced, Draco almost picking up his own tea before needing to do a dramatic double take in surprise.

“Kill me? When did that happen?”

“The firecracker last semester.”

He got a grey-eyed stare for a moment, not in recognition exactly since clearly Draco had not forgotten either, but… all he did was give a small frown that didn’t even crease the line between his brows.

“Do I want to know or…?” Clearly, he already suspected there was a reason Harry just didn’t out and tell him who it was.

“Depends. Will you tell me not to kill them or will you help?”

He got an entirely unamused look back now.

“Depends.” He repeated suspiciously.

“On?”

“How much of a hassle would it be compared to the amount of trouble it’d cause.”

Harry looked away, examining his tea in a mock show of innocence. He already knew Draco was going to say this was not worth their time, but he really didn’t want to hear it.

“Are you not mad about it at all? Am I the only one mad at them? Because if it’s just me then I still need to think of something that’d be satisfying revenge, but if you wanted a piece I’d take your opinion into account.” He tried to play innocent but literally no one at this table bought it, Draco least of all.

“How kind of you,” He deadpanned. “Just do what you think is best.” He dismissed the whole thing like Harry already knew he would, and it made him pout.

“You really don’t care?”

“I think this is a conversation for later,” He sipped his own tea finally, referencenig the fact they were having this conversation very publicly at the house table and he got the message.

“Fine. I don’t have time for them right now anyway, maybe next year.” He allowed.

“I do recall you mentioning you could hold a grudge. Planning that far out for something that happened months ago is a good look,” Blaise commented in a pur, clearly having been eavesdropping the whole time from across the table.

Theo probably had too but he had his book literally on his plate right now not even pretending to eat and seeming more wrapped in it than usual. Harry thought he might actually be reading right now instead of multitasking like he normally did which was kind of funny—and he bit back the impulse to ask him what it was.

Theo would hate him for ripping him out of something he was clearly neck-deep in, and also he very pointedly always had covers on his book preventing people from seeing their titles, so he could take the hint that he wasn’t going to get told the truth anyway.

Harry shrugged at him. “At this point the Occlumency is working enough that I can choose not to get mad sometimes, but only because I make a mental note to get revenge later. I’m not sure that’s exactly healthy but it’s sure as hell a lot more productive than what I was doing before.” He explained, also slyly informing Theo that he’d figured his mindscape issue out.

It also proved Theo was multitasking just enough to catch that, blue eyes flickering up very briefly before dropping back down to his text, a small smile on his lips that disappeared as fast as it’d shown itself as he resumed his reading.

Blaise could give a shit about his Occlumency though, seeming more than thrilled about the coping mechanism itself.

“How wonderful! Who is on the list right now?”

“Classified, until further notice,” Harry immediately shut that curiosity down. “All you need to know is that now that I’m not losing my temper all the time they’ll never see it coming anymore.”

“Am I on it?”

“Honestly, no.” He admitted before wincing as he realized what a terrible idea being honest was. “That is not license for you to try and get on my list though!”

“Oh but what would you do to me if I were?”

That’s was a good point, actually. Harry gave it some real thought as he filled up his plate with food, mulling it over.

He already knew Blaise was insane and had done things way worse than Ron Weasley ever could already, yet he’d never found it annoying or decided to get revenge on him for any of it. He already knew the crazy Slytherin would attempt to date some of his friends in the future and inevitably break their hearts, but somehow since he’d already known this fact about the Zabini he wasn’t mad about it per say. Annoyed but also aware he was not at level with Blaise enough to stop it.

He was a hard nut to crack, because he already knew he was psychotic and lowkey quite evil, but not like death eater evil exactly… it was hard to explain, even to himself. It was hard to imagine what he could possibly do that Harry would, for one, not see coming, and two, be mad enough about to want to get revenge on him for. It was hard to think of the right kind of anger needed to muster up revenge if he couldn’t barely wrap his head around what it would that would get him so angry.

As he munched on his chicken entrée he figured whatever it was would have to be really bad.

Like… really bad.

And in that case…

Oh no… that is definitely not a thought I should have.

He winced, knowing himself enough to know that even having a contingency plan that bad was not good for his mental health. Clearly he had no self-preservation at all because the idea had hit him, and he knew it was a terrible plan but… he did file it away safely in the back of his mind, just in case.

“What’s that face for?” Draco clocked on immediately to his change in expression, on red alert immediately.

Harry pressed his lips into a guilty line.

“I did think of something.” He admitted.

“Which is?” Draco was officially worried now but… Harry couldn’t exactly blame him.

“…insane.” He admitted.

“Oh I am so in.” Blaise cheered, resting his chin on his folded hands eagerly.

“Blaise, have you ever heard the term mutually assured destruction?”

“No, but I’m a big fan of the implication,” he waved, unconcerned.

“Let’s just say if you actually piss me off, like genuinely, then I have an idea. Neither of us are surviving it though, and I really hate that you made me think of this at all.”

“Well now I’m curious,” He grinned, instantly pouting when Harry refused to play.

“Well I’m not telling,” He stuck his tongue out childishly.

“Oh come on!”

Harry blinked when someone leaned into his other shoulder, and he was suddenly pinned between two Slytherins as Daphne—where had she come from?— gave him wide eyes and leaned her head closer to him.

He figured it couldn’t hurt and there was no way she’d ever tell a Zabini, so he accepted the silent request and whispered it quietly into her offered ear.

She choked on her tea and had to lean under table briefly to survive the coughing attack, Harry just patting her back to try and help in vain.

“What is it!?” Draco was beyond worried, closing in on alarmed now but Harry had no intention of telling him this, less he drag him to Madam Pomfrey to check his brain for sanity-eating parasites or something.

“Do not.” Daphne caught her breathe enough to snap at him, her glare a thing of glory.

“I’m not, it’s for emergencies only.”

“Not even then! Harry do not, holy SHIT do not do that.” He complained, but he could just shrug. He’d already had the thought, it was too late now.

“What counts as an emergency then?” Blaise was only ever more fascinated but Daphne’s reaction, since she usually had more decorum than that.

But Harry knew he couldn’t tell him that either, or he’d be too tempted to give it a shot one day and test the theory. Maybe it wouldn’t be anytime soon but if Blaise got bored enough and wanted to see what mutually assured destruction truly looked like… Harry was completely certain he wouldn’t think twice.

Because unfortunately the only thing Harry could think of right now that would make him actually go nuclear against Blaise at this point… was if he straight up murdered Draco or Neville.

He was self-aware enough to know that was an insanely selfish line to draw in the sand. Why not anyone else if he killed them, after all?

No, Harry knew he’d be beyond furious if (when) Blaise hurt one of his friends but… Draco and Neville were too closely tied to his (frankly rather unstable) mental health, for him to think twice about doing his absolute worst if someone touched them.

Daphne leaned in again so he informed her of this lowly. She nodded in approval that time though.

“Fine. He’s not that stupid so it’s unlikely.”

“You’re both lame! Tell meeeeee,” he whined annoyingly.

“No.” Harry shut it down, happy that Daphne chorused the sentiment immediately too. He was even happier at the implication that she believed Blaise was already aware of where the line was with him and wouldn’t touch Draco or Neville needlessly then. It was… a relief to a concern he hadn’t known he’d been harboring.

“Do I get to know ever?” Draco frowned, unamused but clearly already knowing the answer.

“No because you’d kill me yourself before I could. Don’t give me that look, I said emergencies only.”

He ignored the blond’s half-hearted complaints as he resumed his dinner, finally relaxed enough to feel properly hungry after the eventful evening. He lowkey wondered if he could stop Blaise’s grating whining if he provided him with any of the news he’d just learned about Ron but…

Put into the Slytherin perspective, nothing about the Ron situation would be of interest to Hogwarts’ most prolific and sadistic gossip whore. It wasn’t news exactly, and he was just being used by sixth years anyway, so he wasn’t the mastermind or anything more important than a pawn. A predictable pawn at that as Blaise wouldn’t give a shit if a Weasley were after a Malfoy… that was literally to be expected and he’d get laughed at for even trying to phrase it as something interesting to this table.

That conclusion, combined with Draco’s shoulder pressed to his and the cold seeping into him calmingly, helped him finally put the matter to rest.

For now.





Chapter 71: Book 2 : Envy : 38




“That seems like a lot.” Neville wasn’t always one to comment or voice his opinions casually, but Harry could tell he was worried enough to make the effort. “I know Transfiguration is literally nothing to you, but you still have to write the essays and do the homework…”

“I mean yeah it’s more work but I already pled my case with McGonagall and she’s okay with it. I do have to get written approval from all the teachers to go through with this so it’s not like I’m being overambitious without approval at least,” He defended himself. “Besides, Hagrid is teaching Creatures next year! How much homework is he really going to give us?”

“Oh shit, is he? We’re dead,” Seamus winced. “You couldn’t have told us that before we signed up for the classes!?”

“What, are you about to take Runes?” Harry challenged immediately.

“No, maybe Muggle Studies or something,” He complained, but by Dean’s eyeroll beside him that was not going to happen. It was more important to them that they had classes to suffer through together and neither Harry nor Dean even remembered Muggle Studies was a class until they saw it on the list since it was so pointless. It would’ve been an easy ‘O’ if they hadn’t heard all about it from some upper years in the football club and realized the teacher didn’t actually know too much about muggles, being a pureblood themselves, so it was a lot of misinformation and random shit being taught that wouldn’t be as intuitive as a muggleborn would think.

Seamus’ complaints were ignored.

“Hagrid is not that bad, and magical creatures are important. Come on, it’ll be fun!”

“Yeah, sure, whatever you say,” he grumbled.

“Is that why you’ve been so worried over your Charms homeworks? You need Professor Flitwick’s approval too.” Neville called him out and Harry winced.

“Ah… I’m also just trying to be a better student…”

“Oh sure you are,” Dean laughed at him and Harry ran up the last few steps to their dorm room, eager to change out of his uniform before dinner but also escape the conversation playfully.

Except, upon opening their door he was completely thrown by both the most unexpected, yet somehow entirely unsurprising scene, of their entire dorm in utter chaos. Well, most of it… Ron’s was always terrible but his area looked like a bomb had gone off in it.

He had a lot of clothes, okay? And now they were everywhere—along with everything that had been in and on his desk now on the floor and his bed nearly overturned.

Oh, and Ron Weasley standing in the middle of the room, now looking shocked as hell to be face to face with him right now.

“The fuck?” Seamus was yelling instantly.

The other guys entered after him and saw it all too, clearly making the same assumption.

“What the bloody hell do you think you’re doing man!?” Seamus was on him instantly, and the younger Weasley instantly got red in the face.

“I just got here! I don’t know what that’s about either!” He shouted right back, and for some reason Harry believed him.

Mainly because he’d already mentally come to terms with the fact there were rumors about people attacking him, and he’d practically been waiting for this to happen. Clothes were just clothes, he was a rich child and could buy more, so it didn’t really matter to him in the end.

What did matter was the gifts his friends had given him, and as he did a quick scan of the damage he realized Neville’s framed glass flowers, the little flower pot from last Christmas, even Dean’s jade jewelry box were all perfectly intact and unbroken. If someone had wanted to hurt him, they’d have smashed the delicate things into a million pieces. This though… every drawer of his desk was open and empty, all his letters, books, and assorted parchments were on the floor or tossed aside, even his trunk dragged out and emptied beneath and overturned mattress overturned.

Whoever had done this, they’d been looking for something. Nothing had actually been damaged though, it was all perfectly fixable.

If it were Ron or an upper year that hated him, they’d have broken things. Stolen things even that looked important, like the jewelry box or any of this clips and shiny things he’d decorated his space with, but it was all still there despite now being thrown around and tossed aside if they’d gotten in the way.

“—if you can’t keep your bloody hands to yourself—!”

“Seamus, he didn’t do it.” Harry cut off the yelling match happening behind him, glancing over to see both boys freezing—fists literally in each other’s robes and very nearly wrestling. “Stop that, save it for the real culprit.” he frowned and Seamus shoved off Ron aggressively. They exchanged acidic glares but did, in fact, stop the near fist fight that had been about to happen.

“How’d you know?” Ron grumbled, irritated. “N-not that I did it or anything, cause I didn’t! Just, how’d you know so quick?”

“Well…” he inched forward into his area cautiously, but when he didn’t trigger any wards or spells set up for him to find, it pretty much confirmed his suspicion. “If it were you, you’d have broken things. It’s all just a mess but nothing is missing or damaged really. If it were those upper years you’re hanging around with they’d have left some kind of prank behind, like a ward something that activates when I got close, but there’s nothing here,” He waved an arm cautiously in the air around his desk and true to his words, nothing happened.

“So then what is this?” Dean came over too, confused.

“I mean, it seems like someone was looking for something I think. I don’t see anything noticeable missing though—most of my important stuff I keep on me,” he patted his bag over his shoulders. He wasn’t sure he ever explicitly said it was near-bottomless nor the depth of what was in it since it certainly appeared all but flat where it hung across his shoulders pretty much always. He took it off about as often as he took off the not-so-invisible-invisibility cloak, which was to say almost never save for when he was playing sports—it was really just part of the outfit at this point.

“I-I don’t hang out with upper years!” Ron was still on his previous statement but Harry just rolled his eyes.

“What exactly is the point of hiding that? Everyone knows you do?” He gave the guy an incredulous look, but he just turned an even brighter red.

“How would you know that,” He accused, and Harry put his hands out to the sides as if to steady himself.

Am I in the twilight zone? What a weird ass question?

“Um… what? Of course I know, how the hell wouldn’t I? Particularly since those particular upper years aren’t exactly quiet about threatening to tie me to the quidditch goals, why did you think I wouldn’t notice?”

“They did what?”

Neville, that time, actually darkened his expression. Harry wanted to pacify him and say it was just a rumor but by the way Ron actually paled some and guiltily shifted where he stood, he realized that rumor probably wasn’t too far from the truth.

“They’re all bark, mostly no bite—they’re just talking big to feel big. They’re also unrelated to this situation I think, however this culprit does also have to be a Gryffindor to be able to get in here,” Harry waved at the mess his area of the room was, the annoyance finally setting in when he realized just how much cleaning up this was going to take.

“We’re coming back to that later,” Neville frowned, but came over to put his stuff on his bed and join in on observing the situation. “But you’re sure nothing is missing?”

“Maybe my Transfiguration notes or something? I don’t have anything special lying around though. Since last year when Montague stole my final paper, McGonagall makes me keep the full drafts of my better papers in her office. The rest of this is normal homeworks and stuff which I hardly care if someone takes I guess… they could’ve just asked for them.” He complained, mind still trying to catalogue what might’ve been here as he bent down to beginning picking up papers and at least getting the clothes off the floor.

Even as he sorted, none of his clothes were damaged or even dirty in any way: they really had been looking for something.

“Maybe it was something you had on you that they just didn’t know you did,” Dean offered and Harry racked his brain…

“I mean, maybe? I’m not sure what…” He dug through his bag to see if anything would catch his eye but he had a lot of books and valuables and calming drafts and more in there. “Nothing comes to mind. I have no idea.” He admitted.

“Well… either they got what they wanted and you won’t miss it, or they didn’t get it at all.” Neville concluded Harry’s own thoughts, helping him collect papers to put back on his desk.

“I’m gonna go tell a prefect, because even if they didn’t get anything it still pisses me off someone broke in here at all! They had to be a Gryffindor too, which is crazy,” Seamus huffed and went back out the door before Harry could stop him.

Which, a second later he closed his mouth, knowing he was probably right. Just because he had zero faith in authority figures didn’t mean it wasn’t the right thing to do, or else someone else could get robbed much more successfully next time. Then he remembered the nearest prefect right now was probably Percy, and for some reason he trusted that guy more than any professor save for McGonagall honestly.

In any case, he blew out a breath and resigned himself to spend the next hour cleaning and re-organizing everything he owned instead of relaxing before dinner, thankful for Neville’s help.

Dean too, as he crouched and also started picking up some clothes to at least lay on the beds in some semblance of order for him. “You now, I didn’t think you were serious about the high road thing.” He commented and Harry automatically looked back toward Ron—who had disappeared from the room.

“Well.” He began, but wasn’t really sure where to go with it. “I mean, I was… shame on you for calling me a liar.”

“You really don’t think he had anything to do with this?” Neville gave him a look as he gathered papers in his arms, and Harry glanced around—eyeing the flowers incased in glass hanging over his bed, perfectly safe from the chaos below.

“…I really don’t. I don’t like him but I feel like I at least understand his motives by now. What would he gain from this? What is the point? I can’t even think of a point at all, much less why Ron would do it. Much less why he’d get caught at the scene of the crime—he’s oblivious, not stupid.”

“That’s the nicest thing I’ve ever heard you say about him.” Dean snorted.

“’Know thy enemy’ and whatnot.” He rolled his eyes, beginning the very annoying process of hanging his clothes back up in the wardrobe once more. Maybe he should cut back on the amount of clothes he had…

Or maybe not. Maybe he should get serious about tailoring/transfiguring clothes and use some of these as sacrifices to practice. That might be a nice way to relax.

“You have too many clothes man,” Dean snapped him out of his mild mannered thoughts, and instantly Harry took back his own internal statement. It was fine for him to think it, less fine for others to comment.

He retaliated by transfiguring the hem of his roommate’s robes to be double the length before he could blink and he immediately tripped over it with a shout—at least being lucky enough to land in a veritable pile of rainbow-colored clothes beneath him.

“Why thank you for volunteering Dean, I actually got some really nice Christmas presents from a couple Slytherins this year that you’re going to help me test them out. I can’t help but notice your robes as a little big on you.”

“Ack—volunteer for what?” The guy snapped his head up, trying to get up quickly to avoid Harry’s grabby hands but with his robes now far too long and practically a tent on him he didn’t get far.

“Just stand in front of the mirror and find out!” He hauled him up—Dean was quite noticeably taller than all of them at this point but while incapacitated by the blanket of cloth around him and not good enough at Transfiguration to just fix his robes and run, Harry had the upper hand. “Stand still or you’ll get cut!”

“What?”

“I’d give in, he’s on a mission.” Neville commented sagely, not even really paying attention as he continued to actually be helpful and get the papers off the floor and away from the scuffle. He was more than used to being pushed around and dressed like a doll by his friend at this point too, long since past the point of resignation and now just finding it rather normal—and clearly not surprised Harry’s hobby had eventually spread to someone else.

“What are you going to do!? You better fix my robes after this,” Dean threatened, clearly sweating a bit but Harry just beamed over his shoulder in the wardrobe mirror.

“I’ll fix them right up, just hold still!” He unearthed the enchanted scissors Theo had given him and saw Dean freeze as he realized exactly what he was in for.

000

It was as if fate were teasing him when he heard it again, only this time he was entirely alone.

…sss…lll…

At first he thought it was a pipe, just like the first time he’d heard it, and very nearly didn’t even pay attention to it at all as he made his way down to the great hall for breakfast, until suddenly the words filtered into his brain.

…ungry… kILl… om… n…. sssO hUNgrY…

He froze, looking around the empty hallway around him and heart skipping a beat. He had his wand in-hand immediately but there was literally nothing for a long stretch of hallways for something like that to be hiding. It had to be invisible, right?

It made him paranoid, and he lifted his invisibility cloak hood to disappear himself. Two could play at that game and he did not like the idea something could see him while he couldn’t see it.

This was the third time he was hearing this thing and the first time he’d been probably too confident, too complacent since he was with an unconcerned Daphne and Melinda. The second time he’d been too scared, distracted by the gut-wrenching fear of Neville being undefended beside him, of the voice heading towards an unsuspecting Draco.

This time, it was just him, and there was no reason not to act on his paranoia. Everyone else in the castle was probably at breakfast right now, most of the population getting ready for the quidditch match afterwards and he was ridiculously late so no one else should be in any of the halls around him right now. He’d decided to last-minute re-organize his entire desk since everything had been hastily put back yesterday anyway, but it’d taken way longer than he’d liked and now breakfast had already started and he was the last one no there probably.

But it was also the perfect time to track this thing then, even if he ended up needing to go right to the quidditch pitch instead of breakfast. He could last one game on an empty stomach, probably.

…ell… blood…. I sssmell… kill… kiLL…

He tried to gauge if it was coming closer or moving away, and found it was going the same direction he’d been so he cautiously followed it, gripping the wand in his hand tightly.

If something popped up in front of him, he was ready to dodge and roll away. If it were corporal then he had the stunning spell ready to go, but also slipped out several old quills from his bag he’d been saving and was fully prepared to transfigure them into whatever they needed to be in order to block or attack for him. If it were incorporeal he also prepared a bell charm—a simple thing teachers used to get their classes’ attention all the time, but ratcheted up by a hundred so that even people in the Great Hall would be able to hear it. If he used it and followed up with the giggling charm on himself maybe it’d prevent him getting possessed or petrified himself.

He still had no proof this voice was related to the petrification at all but… he had a feeling.

And at this point he was going to trust his gut because overthinking hadn’t gotten him anything but nightmares anyway.

The voice suddenly got softer and he held his breath even as he tried to walk quicker, still on silent feet to follow it. He got to a cross in the hallways but it didn’t cross with him, and he back tracked to realize it was going down the corridor to his left. It only took him another couple quick strides and then straying too close to the wall to realize it wasn’t in the open with him, it was in the walls.

It sure as hell sounded like a pipe, and given it was in the walls he would’ve dismissed it as such if not for the murderous words.

Okay, maybe it’s not a ghost or something at all, maybe it’s real but hiding, he connected, switching his plans to fighting back with more physical attacked and gripping the feathers in his hand tightly.

The voice trailed off then though, and he got right up to the wall and pressed his ear to it cautiously—but desperately, since he had to know.

The whispering got farther away until he lost the words entirely and it was reduced back to a pipe sound, before there was nothing—except for this strange sound he couldn’t place. It almost sounded like when you dragged a bare hand across stone, but… much rougher, much louder than a soft palm…

And then it was gone.

He waited a second to be sure there was no further hint before stepping back and glaring at the blank stone in front of him. A tiny part of him wanted to see if he couldn’t transfigure it to porcelain then throw a book at it or something to break into whatever was behind it that this thing was moving through, but knew now wasn’t the time.

Despite how riled he was, he was still a second-year and he needed to regroup first.

Actually, he needed to eat first and then win a quidditch game, and then he’d form a plan. The plan probably involved back up of some sort, but he wasn’t yet sure if he wasn’t being too stupidly Gryffindor to count on his classmates or if he should involve McGonagall or someone about this. Snape had clearly failed but maybe with a teacher’s permission they’d let/help him break down this wall to check it out.

Well, for later then.

He checked the time and realized how late he was so he ran off, barely remembering to take down his hood and become visible just before reaching the great hall—and seeing someone standing outside the doors clearly waiting on someone.

Waiting on him apparently when Daphne shot him an annoyed look.

“How can you be late, today of all days? I’m hungry too!” She complained, but then actually noticed the look on his face. “What’s wrong?”

“I heard the freakin’ voice again,” He admitted, and she balked, glancing into the Great Hall behind them but the din was far too loud for anyone to overhear them.

“What!? The murderous one!?”

“Yeah. I thought Snape looked into it,” He frowned and she gave an uncertain shrug.

“He did, so I heard. That it’s clearly not gone is… not good.”

“Yeah no shit. I’m about to go full Gryffindor and assume it’s related to the petrification thing at this point, because there’s no way this is a coincidence.” He told her.

She didn’t seem to be able to argue it. “It’s been all term with no other cases, the teachers in particular seem to be hoping it’s just over with now… though I guess if someone gets petrified today we’ll have our answer.” She allowed.

“I really don’t want anyone else to get hurt just to test a theory.” He frowned but it wasn’t like there was much else they could do at this point. Tell a teacher? They already had both about the petrification and the voice and nothing as of yet had been done. If they did end up being connected though…

“Neither do I but at this point there’s not much else we can do,” She voiced his thoughts. “If we’re going to keep brainstorming though can we at least eat while we do it? I’m starving,”

“Right… were you waiting here for a reason or…?” Clearly she had wanted to catch him alone for a moment before he’d gone in to breakfast.

“Yeah, that journal you asked about.” She reminded him, and he’d pretty much completely forgotten he’d asked her about that at all.

“Ah! I was wondering what was happening with that,”

“Nothing much unfortunately. As you can probably guess, my family is kind of busy right now.” She gave him a significant look. He should’ve seen that coming, clearly the trial was taking more of Sebastian Greengrass’ time than some minor request for information about a random cursed journal. “Dad did confirm from its description not to take it lightly. Stuff that can talk for itself is kind of hit-or-miss with how dangerous it is and you don’t want to guess wrong. If you give it to me to take home over Easter break he can probably take a look but…” She trailed off and he immediately waved the suggestion away.

“Yeah no, he’s doing more than enough. Not that I don’t love working with you but I think I’m done for a while.” Thankfully she just offered a small smile, not surprised. Giving her family a blanket deal meant that while he’d deal with her, he was not currently interested in giving the Greengrass family as a whole any more leverage than they already had over him. “Thanks for trying anyway though, I appreciate it.”

“The only thing I can suggest is that if it’s not an ordinary magic like the stuff that brings paintings to life, you will probably need a dark family to help identify it. If Dad can’t to it quickly, that means it’s specialized and also not something you’d find in Diagon exactly.”

Meaning it was probably dark magic of some sort. Not necessarily dangerous or violent, but illegal for sure and known, private information of pureblood families who taught their children dark magic secretly for the advantage. Since the only dark Slytherin he was on good enough terms with at the moment to trade like that with was Theo, and he was not asking the elder Nott anything on point of death, that meant he’d probably need to trade with a dark family through a proxy of some sort.

He needed to think about that more, that was a lot of effort for a book a couple first years found in a toilet.

“Hmm… maybe I shouldn’t have this on me at school.” He acknowledged, patting his bag before remembering he’d put it back in his dorm… somewhere? It was so long ago and he’d forgotten almost as soon as his younger friends had given it to him, it was probably in his desk somewhere.

Although he’d just cleaned that desk and didn’t immediately remember seeing it…

“Don’t get caught with it, no.” Daphne agreed, and Harry shrugged it off. It had to be in his bag somewhere then, he’d put it somewhere safe later.

“This isn’t the random dark object causing the voices or the petrification, right?” He floated a new theory to her as she lead the way into the hall, and he decided to follow her to the Slytherin table to keep on this.

“I really doubt it—it’s just a journal.”

“It talks though!”

“Unless it brainwashes you into doing it somehow, it’s just a journal. Don’t talk to it.” She offered bluntly.

“Right. Didn’t have plans to.” He reassured her, perking up to see Draco as he sat beside him, getting a small smile of good morning.

“Excited?” Draco clearly was.

“For the match? Yeah sure, though highly distracted by hearing another disembodied voice this morning.” He confessed.

“What?” Draco did a double take, casual drinking of his tea over a morning conversation clearly derailed.

“Just after eight in the morning and he’s already losing it—maybe I’ll actually enjoy this game today,” Blaise wasn’t even that interested as he barely looked up, he just made the comment to be annoying while still mainly eating his breakfast.

“I take issue with that.”

“Good for you. You’re the only one whose heard it so perhaps you’ve just gone insane? Did anyone check to see if he was just hearing voices?” Blaise casually asked the table in general and ignored Harry’s glare.

“If they’re gonna be checking me they should definitely be checking you first. If I’m headed to the loony bin then you’ll be right beside me bitch,”

“Well so long as my room is bigger than yours.” He shrugged, unbothered as he continue to eat his lunch.

“You had no problem believing me before,” He countered.

“Because I thought you were going insane and that was interesting. I’m no longer interested.” The Zabini announced bluntly, not even looking up from his toast annoyingly enough.

Harry turned to Draco with a raised brow. “What’s got him in a twist?”

“I don’t know, and I don’t want to know. Where did you hear it?” The blond frowned and Harry described the second-floor hallway he’d first heard it, not explicitly betraying that he’d been lion enough to follow it this time but that on his way down here he happened to notice it going that way too—and also his new theory about it being less a ghostly thing and more a real thing that was just in the walls. Pretty much everyone but Blaise was listening close too, even Theo pausing to look up and take note of the potential danger.

But then Harry was interrupted from his recounting mid-tale.

"A pipe?" Draco repeated suddenly, brow furrowing sharply.

"Yeah, like steam being let out of a pipe."

"So… it's hissing." The blond announced and he blinked.

"Uh… yeah I guess-"

"Hissing that only you can hear." Draco repeated again, in a tone that implied how so incredibly over it he was. “So it's a snake."

There was silence on their end of the Slytherin table for a moment, interrupted only by Blaise continuing to eat his breakfast and casually glance up at what they were talking about.

"Oh shit." Theo blurted out, and Harry leaned forward on the table in stress.

"How did I miss that!?" he exclaimed, Draco putting his tea down with a huff, completely done with them all.

"Oh for Merlin's sake,"

Daphane got bright red, clearly sharing Harry’s shame now that they realized how bloody obvious that connection really was. "Well when you put it like that…"

Draco rolled eyes and Harry gave a weak sound of protest.

"Okay, to be fair, there's a difference in magnitude here! Pipes are bigger than snakes, and it clearly sounds way bigger—like a giant versus a human! And that sound at the end was-"

Except, he had thought it was a much bigger sound than someone touching stone. Like something soft and tactile like skin touching a lot of stone… on a bigger scale…

“…if it is a snake, it’s massive then.” Was all he could say.

"A really big snake? If it is, how has it not been seen then?" Daphne tried to play devil’s advocate, but Harry felt a chill as he recalled a tiny bit of information he’d learned earlier this year and cleared his throat awkwardly, catching their looks again.

"Ah… okay, so for no particular reason, I know that snakes can travel through the walls of Hogwarts, though I'm not sure what the size limit is."

"Bloody hell," Daphne put her face in her hands while Draco stared at him incredulously. Harry pointedly looked away too casually to be believed.

"Yeah, fucking hate that." Blaise commented dryly.

But then, Theo snapped his head up at the guy beside him with a sudden look of utter distaste on his face. Harry hadn’t actually seen it activate before but he instantly knew that was Theo’s inhuman ability to pick up danger kicking in—normally he disappeared to get out of dodge immediately, but this time he just seemed agitated instead.

"You've been awfully quiet." He accused lowly, and Blaise turned to give him one perfectly arched eyebrow.

Harry knew why—it was as if a mouse had suddenly decided to talk back to a wolf. He’d been ready to fight a murderous, disembodied voice ten minutes ago and yet this made him more nervous just to witness it. He didn’t know why Theo was pushing it when the Zabini heir was clearly not in the mood today.

"Says you? The actual book worm at the table?" Blaise gave a mockery of his normal effort to be indignant, but everyone could clearly tell he didn’t care.

"Deflection." Theo accused simply.

"Oi, don't just call me on it like that, play it up more. You're so boring." He complained, annoyed.

"He's not wrong though. We were just saying this voice I’m hearing might also be the cause of the petrification since we don’t have anything else to go off of, but it occurs to me you’ve always been super quiet during those discussions. You're telling me you had no thoughts on what it could be?" Harry couldn’t help but ask.

"Excuse you, my love for gossip is not strong enough for me to go around spreading false gossip. The rumors were entertaining enough without my input." The guy brushed the implication aside cleanly.

"Yeah, pretty damn wild now that I think about it." Daphne blinked, giving him and Draco beside her a significant look. "I myself had bought pretty solidly into that idea it was a dark object Lockhart had… Snape himself said as much."

Which, now that they were putting the pieces together, they all realized just how suspicious it was that none of the other theories they’d ever had, spoken about in front of Blaise even, had ever made it into the school’s gossip mill apart from that one.

"What are you implying, Greengrass?" Blaise narrowed his eyes at her, finally actually paying attention again.

“Oh nothing, only that you knew Harry was hearing this voice and somehow the entire school doesn’t yet. That’s weird for you, isn’t it? Would’ve figured your fat mouth would’ve let half the school think he was insane just to amuse yourself by now,” She shot at him and smirked at the glare she got back.

“Unless he couldn’t.” Harry realized, seeing Blaise’s eyes flash and immediately knew he’d nailed it. “Oh my god it is, isn’t it!?”

“What happened?” Daphne did a double take while Draco made a small sound of distress as he forgot his breakfast entirely.

“We made a deal, when we found out I was a parselmouth. I made him sit on the information for a week so I could handle it and then when he was allowed to talk about it I had him only phrase it as a good thing. He couldn’t go around telling people I was crazy for hearing voices because he knew it was a snake and that would count as it being something negative about me talking to snakes!”

Which would mean Blaise had been purposefully throwing them off the scent this whole time. It made… a frightening amount of sense, given how none of them, all of them great Slytherins not just in their year level or above, ever realized until just now when Draco put it together? Harry wasn’t always the quickest on the uptake but how had no one in the snake house been clever enough to connect these pieces? None of the upper years, not even Snape?

To be fair to Snape he didn’t know Harry was the one who’d heard the voice when Daphne told him about it, but Blaise sure as hell did. Daphne hadn’t kept it a secret with Harry’s support because he’d been nervous he heard it so close to the Slytherin common room, so plenty of the house had all the pieces… but they hadn’t actually heard much commentary about it, probably because there was one person with an iron grip over rumor mill who had the ability to squash whatever rumors—true or false—that he didn’t want getting out.

The only answer that mollified their hurt egos of not figuring it out sooner was if they had been sabotaged, so it was an easy thing to want to believe.

They all looked at the Slytherin in question, who just rolled his eyes as he finished his tea in one go.

“That’s some theory dear, however you’re going to need to do better than that.”

“I can’t prove anything, but laid out like this it’s hard to believe it’s not a snake, and you clearly don’t seem that shocked.” Harry wouldn’t let him escape that easily.

"I mean is it? Just because Malfoy is sure doesn't mean it's the truth. The only people who've seen it are petrified."

But Theo made a face again, giving Harry a pointed look. Not that he needed it—it was far too rational an answer from someone like him.

"He's lying."

"Now why would he do that?" Harry played into it, ignoring Blaise shooting the both of them disgusted glares.

"Fuck you, why would I lie?"

"Why indeed. Why do you do anything?" Harry challenged easily.

Blaise paused, then gave a sly smile as if he liked that answer much better. "You make a fair point, love.” He cooed, but Harry wasn’t about to get pulled into the flirting game right now—not with information this important on the line.

Neither was Theo clearly, who grumbled under his breath. "It's still a deflection…"

Blaise tossed his hands in the air, annoyed by all of them.

"So, why lie?" Harry pressed harder.

"I think the real question is that no matter what you think of me, you're just going to believe Malfoy's random ass claim it’s snake at all?" But almost as soon as he said it, Harry smirked and he cursed darkly beneath his breath. "Actually scratch that, yeah you are. Bitch."

Harry preened and Draco perked up, encouraged he had Harry's total faith. Theo scrunched up his face at both of their reactions, frankly disgusted even if he also agreed with the theory.

“So with that out of the way, the jig is up! Unless you want to resort to telling me that Draco is just more clever than you, to put it together while you’ve had all the pieces for months and still didn’t put it together?” Harry challenged him dryly.

Blaise paused.

…and then slumped over the table with a whine.

“You guys are no fun! Okay fine, whatever. I don't spread lies and the gossip was funny enough on its own. Yeah, maybe the snake thing was a tad relevant, but it was way funnier to blame Lockhart and you know it!" He mockingly wept.

The rest of them could only share a moment of total shock he’d actually admitted it… much less the implications.

“How long have you known!?” Daphne gasped.

“Oh please, since I saw Mrs. Norris.” Blaise waved her off without further explanation at all, and Harry felt his mind melt between his ears. This guy… this guy…

"But people could die." Draco got there first, frowning so deep he almost seemed sad even. "That rumor got so bad even Snape believes it—which means the other teachers probably do too. They could be actually fixing the problem if they knew what it was but instead you're going to let people get petrified, and potentially die… because it's funny?"

Blaise looked totally unbothered, placing his chin on a hand with a calm smile.

"Is that wrong?" He wondered aloud, a bit too innocently.

Harry felt a chill again.

Like he was hearing the voice again, only a little bit worse somehow.

Right… this boy is psycho.

And just like with Ron earlier, he relaxed.

You didn’t get mad at a fox for eating a chicken, it’s just what they did. No one would ever have any luck trying to teach a bored, starving alligator that eating deer at the side of the pond wasn’t morally right—no alligator gave a shit, and it was just how the world worked.

Predators ate prey, the sky turned blue with the sun, and you needed air to breathe.

These weren’t things that were strictly new to Harry. Just because gravity sometimes scared him if he was falling from his broom at a fatal height, didn’t mean he was shocked that such a normal, natural thing like gravity existed in the first place. Nature was scary all on its own, but that didn’t mean it was unnatural.

Blaise was not a safe or kind person to be friends with.

That was in no way new information, even if it made his stomach churn sometimes when he got reminded of it.

So somehow, he came to terms with this pretty quickly, recognizing that how he got this information was less important than what they did with it now.

"Well, if I die because of your stupid meddling, you better put on a great show of crying at my funeral. I want you sobbing, got it jerk?" He decided.

He heard Daphne’s disapproving response to that beside him but it was overshadowed by the sheer glee on Blaise’s face as he looked at him like the he was the sunrise himself. He’d been acting kind of aloof and bored since Harry sat down but it evaporated now, his energy coming back in a burst of glee it was almost sweet somehow. Childish, if not also completely bent.

It was nice to know someone was thrilled to see you, even if in this situation it probably shouldn’t be.

“But of course! It’ll be the performance of a lifetime I promise! Tulips are your favorite right? I’ll bring a thousand in every color,” He cheered happily with a grin that was somehow both excited like a kid on Christmas yet also impossibly sinister given the words coming out of his lips.

Harry stumbled a bit on the flower though. “Wait, how’d you know that?”

“Details—obviously I’d know! Marry me?" He tried to slip it in like that would take him off guard but somehow Harry saw it coming.

"Nope." He put a finger up without missing a beat. "Also, can't marry me if I'm dead."

"Hm," Blaise deflated some, like that was the first time he’d needed to consider that point. "There might be a slight flaw in my plans then." He admitted.

"A slight flaw, sure." Draco was now more annoyed than ever and shoving his plate away from him in defiance of what was happening. He was obviously not nearly as okay as Harry was about people dying which was kind of a unique twist. Harry certainly cared more about people in general that most Slytherins did, but he also had a pretty twisted relationship with death and so this development wasn't nearly as bad to him as it probably was for others.

Or, he was traumatized and apathy towards death was a coping mechanism.

He decided not to think about that too deeply.

He certainly wasn't going to think too deeply about what that meant for Blaise either.

"On that note, I have a question." Said Slytherin twitched gears immediately now that his energy had returned, and Harry saw Theo shrink into his seat as if he could get away from them without needing to get up, which clued him in that Blaise was on a roll now and wherever he was going with it wasn’t going to be pleasant.

"Well thanks for announcing it." Harry gestured for him to go ahead and he beamed.

"On what note?" Draco shot him a stink eye but was ignored.

"Marriage, obviously." He waved a bit too casually to be believed, before at Harry with a look that told him he was going to regret this.

And he was certainly right:

“I know about the trial.”

He announced it at a normal volume, but it felt like he was shouting from how quiet Harry’s hearing got. The blood in his ears pumped too loudly and he vaguely realized he still had those feathers in his pocket… if he Transfigured them into rats to shove into his mouth, maybe he’d shut the fuck up.

Blaise’s eyes sparkled over a rather triumphant smile. “Oh my, isn’t that a nice look?”

Harry almost reacted—and he for sure would’ve regrated that reaction—but paused when Daphne put a hand on his in his lap and he paused. One glance at her unholy glare shot across the table at their mutual foe right now showed he was not alone in this… and he was paying the Greengrass family to handle this for him. Her father was doing most of the world but it was a blanket deal from the Potter family to the entire Greengrass family, meaning this was just as much, if not more, Daphne’s fight than it was his.

That she somehow looked even angrier than he felt was the only reason he held his tongue, but it was a close one.

“Zabini… I should’ve known your whore of a mother would never be able to keep her filthy hands off something so interesting, but that she thought it worthwhile to bother telling her worthless son is bit of a laugh, isn’t it?”

Even Draco was silent, realizing this was not the fight he was ready for, following Harry’s lead.

Blaise made a childish face but ultimately rolled his eyes, unaffected by her words. “Nice try Greengrass, but my whore of a mother is a bit above taunting. And honestly, you can’t think of one reason mother dearest had for telling me?” His smile was almost casual if Harry didn’t feel his own fight-or-flight instinct kick in for some reason.

Daphne literally gagged.

“You are a twisted and sick son of bitch, you know that?!” She snapped. “I knew you didn’t actually care!”

“Of course I care, and because I care so much I promise I’ll keep quiet. Don’t worry your ugly little head.” He placed a hand over his chest in a show of mock sincerity, however for some reason Harry did actually believe he was telling the truth. Whether that was wise or not was to be seen, but it did let him relax a bit.

Daphne took the moment to glance at Harry a bit apologetically, but he got the message.

Whatever that exchange had been about, she also believed he wouldn’t spill he beans to anyone, which was about as good a promise as they could hope for. Despite how that shook him, he knew he couldn’t really blame her or her father: the Zabinis were simply uncontainable. It really shouldn’t have been a shock at all that they’d figured it out.

And now that he thought about it, Blaise had probably known for a while now and way just sitting on the information to spring on him now of all times. Why though?

Why did Blaise do anything?

To fuck with him, most likely. Since he just proved to be happy about his non-reaction to his crazy, they could also probably assume this was somehow a thank you of some sort? A crazy person’s attempt at showing that they were doing something nice in exchange for being shown kindness themselves?

Whatever the logic, the Zabini’s had no reason to get involved with this trial, but showing they knew about the secret dealings of the Greengrass family was a power play Harry probably just didn’t understand the point of yet. Or maybe it was just Blaise and there was no point.

That was probably the most likely, unfortunately.

“Well thank you I guess? Kind of rude to give me a heart attack right before a quidditch game though.” He pouted. “There’s no way you actually care about the outcome, right?”

“Of course I care! You’re my friend aren’t you? It changes quite a bit if things go well, right?” He beamed, and Harry ignored how his stomach flipped to be talking about this so openly in the great hall of all places. “Besides, if the man of the hour is acquitted, does that mean you inherit the family fortune, not Malfoy?"

Harry’s brain short-circuited.

Even Draco made a small choking sound as if that literally out of nowhere comment had physically hit him in the gut.

He obviously meant the Black family wealth, which was technically renowned to be second only to the Malfoys themselves. He genuinely hadn’t given it that much thought but yes, as it stood Narcissa Malfoy nee Black was currently supposed to get it upon since both her cousin, the actual Black heir and only competition to the fortune, was incarcerated.

And yes that was all technically true but like what the hell was he talking about?

He literally couldn’t for a response he was so stunned.

"You are… an insensitive asshole." Daphne announced, thankfully filling the silence he had no idea how to break.

Blaise just shrugged like he already knew that and was still waiting for his answer.

"That is about the most soullessly Slytherin thing I've ever been asked… but yeah? I guess?"

"The answer is yes unless he has children of his own." Draco muttered beside him, mainly for Harry's edification since he hadn't given that much thought at all. It was a very Slytherin fact that would be relevant at some point though so it did no good to be ignorant of it, even if he really wished they were not talking about it NOW.

"Can I ask why you care? Neither the Malfoy nor Potter lines need that money, and I think you know that." Harry shook off his shock enough to focus on the actual issue here. He narrowed his gaze. “Now that I think about it, you're really not gold motivated, which is weird but you're already super freaking weird so I never questioned it. What’s with this now?"

Juxtaposed with Daphne who was a businesswoman at heart, if Blaise had a chance to sow chaos even if it cost him half his fortune to do it, he would in a heartbeat. So somehow Harry knew it wasn't about the money with him here, which made him even more terrifying.

"Thank you dear." Blaise flashed him a grin as if it were a compliment. "I was just curious is all."

Theo was being abnormally bold today when he answer for him instead.

"You inheriting wealth and a line that pure means Dalia Zabini isn't going to get mad her son is flirting with someone ‘low class’." He explained, and Harry wasn’t going to question how he knew what was going on—he was sure there’d been enough context clues in this conversation for the most observant snake in the entire house to figure enough out.

"Ahhh, that makes way more sense!"

Blaise made a face and leaned over to him in a way that was both friendly and highly threatening. "Theodore my love: fuck off."

"Don't ever call me that again," Theo shuddered, visibly disturbed.

"Haaarrrryyyy, I mean you could marry me—think about it! We could have a really messy divorce if you don't want the normal route; it'd be a lot of fun!" Blaise suddenly switched gears, dropping Theo in an instant and going back to his main goal now that he’d been outed.

That was the moment Harry actually decided he had enough of Slytherin for today. He still hadn’t eaten and it really didn’t look like he was about to get to eat considering this nonsense.

Because yeah, he actually fully believed that he was ‘friends’ enough with Blaise at this point that he would give him divorce as an option to being murdered for his money. Why he believed him, he didn’t know.

"I think I need to go back to Gryffindor before my brain implodes." He announced all at once. It had been a long morning and breakfast wasn’t even over.

Daphne seemed very amused at his expression if not also weary at the Zabini’s antics. “This better be about your crush and nothing more you asshole, hear me?”

“Yeah, yeah, what do I care about your nonsense. If I keep my mouth shut maybe he’ll deal with me next?” He purred in Harry’s direction, and he made a dramatic show of shuddering. "Aw come oooon! But if you were going to marry someone it'd be me right?"

Harry hated that he was maybe, slightly, a tiny bit tempted— just for curiosity’s sake!

It was just that he couldn’t help but imagine for half a second what marrying Blaise would be like, if he could think of a way to kill him first before he got offed himself, or what utter madness they’d cook up in the dramatic performance Blaise would undoubtedly invent to ‘divorce him’ and how he could probably go toe-to-toe with him and tell everyone a bunch of lies about why they were breaking up—

--which was pretty solid proof that he was actually losing his mind right now.

This is why he was so confident he was right to be in Gryffindor—clearly too much of snake business and he started to lose it.

He needed to leave before Blaise actually made him crazier than he already was.

He stood up before they could stop him. Not that they would, Draco almost seeming supportive of this decision despite the fact it cut their time together short.

"How about a hell no? If I'm gonna marry anyone they need to be both Slytherin and Gryffindor friends-approved and you've already failed epically on that front."

"But the little lions have been warming up to me!" He whined, not that heartbroken over the rejection clearly but pretending to be disappointed to annoy them all.

He just grinned wickedly as he climbed over the bench to get free of the table, pointing at the group he was leaving in general.

"That may be but I was talking about that fact you don't have Slytherin's approval. Draco? Daphne? Theo?"

"No." Came the resounding agreement from all three of them, much to Blaise’s dismayed

"There you have it," he shrugged as he went off, laughing at Blaise's hissing unpleasantly at them for the betrayal.

With his back turned he didn't see Theo give Draco a pointed look, nor the way the blond cursed darkly into his food at the prospect of befriending a bunch of lions in his future.

He got to the Gryffindor table and plopped down between his roommates, causing whatever they were talking about to freeze since it was clearly unusual for him to abandon tables mid-meal. Also one look at his face and they realized something was up.

“Something wrong?” Seamus noted. “Have you even eaten anything yet!? There’s like twenty minutes left of breakfast!”

“I was just considering marrying Blaise for a second which is how I know I’m losing it. Needed a break from the snake crazy.” He admitted.

Dean choked on his bacon violently, half coughing but also half losing it laughing, while Seamus just seemed baffled and highly suspicious.

“Er… alright then?”

Neville gave him an incredulous eyebrow that he could only shrug back for.

“He’s really charming when he wants something.” He confessed with a bit too much shame. “Don’t for a second ever forget he’s bat-shit crazy though.” He warned them a bit too seriously and Dean just snickered helplessly.

“And you always speak in defense of the Slytherins—he must be really bad then.”

“Depends on the mood he’s in I guess.” He scoffed, before getting down to real business. Just because Blaise had been fucking around didn’t mean it wasn’t news everyone now needed to know ASAP, and rumor mill being blocked purposefully or not it wouldn’t stop him from doing his best to spread his theory. “I did have an ulterior motive for coming back so soon though: Draco figured something out just now that may be important, about this monster attacking people.”

Their playful mood dropped immediately, all of them now paying attention properly.

“Wait really!? What happened?”

“Remember I told you about the voice I heard? I was describing it again and Draco realized a hissing sound that only I could hear… means it’s probably a snake of some sort.”

They blinked, Neville’s eyes going wide.

“…ooooh,” Seamus leaned back, seeming to voice the collective realization—and horror—on their faces.

Dean coughed a bit into his hand. “That’s… not good.”

“Nope.” Harry confirmed grimly.

“Is you talking it down an option?”

“Probably not… what I’ve heard it say thus far is even more deranged than Blaise, and incredibly murderous too.”

“Right…”

They looked at each other, clearly alarmed but also more stumped as they weren’t entirely sure what to do about this information. At least having a mental image of mystery monster was comforting, versus it being something crazy and unknown.

“It makes a ton of sense though: Slytherin’s monster being a snake? Kind of annoyed I didn’t think of that earlier,” Seamus allowed, rubbing his nose.

“I think it was just easier to believe Lockhart was doing something accidentally—somehow that still feels right despite it probably not being too likely. I mean at this point I’m sure even Snape has done a check on him just to be safe, since none of the teachers even like him.” Harry shrugged.

“If it’s enough of an animal for you to understand it, not a monster… do we want to talk to Hagrid? Just to be safe?” Neville brought up quietly, and Harry winced. He really didn’t like just how reasonable that jump in logic was, because he’d already completely dismissed Hagrid as being involved months ago. Unpacking that now seemed… terrible.

“Hagrid?” Dean repeated, eyebrows going up in incredulity.

Harry pinched the bridge of nose, answering Neville first. “We probably should, shouldn’t we? I still have full faith he’s not involved but… we need to eliminate the possibility.”

“He would’ve been a student when this happened the first time anyway, so maybe he’ll know something.” He offered just as quietly, also seeming unhappy about it but unable to shake the obvious connection here.

“Right,”

“Excuse me, what about Hagrid?” Seamus waved at him, but Harry couldn’t get into it now.

“I’ll explain later—maybe as soon as the match is done we’ll catch him before he gets back to his cabin. Maybe grab Luna on the way,” He glanced at Neville who nodded.

“I mean sure, what the hell, if it gives us a lead.” Dean frowned. “Did the snake table themselves not have any clues on what kind of snake it’d be?”

“Again, the only person who seemed to know what was going on was Blaise and he makes as much sense as Peeves sometimes. We just had this breakthrough so give it until the end of the day even and I’m sure someone will have an idea I can weasel out of them.”

He could tell they wanted to keep asking but Neville pointedly put a fork in his hand and he remembered he was about to play a violent game in, oh, forty minutes or so and hadn’t eaten anything yet. He took the silent cue to dig in while the rest of the Gryffindor boys started wondering if they could use Biscuit somehow to catch a glimpse of this thing, which wasn’t the worst idea honestly.

It was just, they never really got a chance to put those plans into action.

000

“Who is it!?”

Harry ran to McGonagall as she lowered her wand from her announcement, the entire quidditch pitch in an uproar over the canceled game. That fact it was the Transfiguration professor herself to make the call meant it was serious, since there probably wasn’t a bigger fan of the game at Hogwarts currently. The lack of Dumbledore anywhere implied it was serious enough for him to need to deal with it personally, although Harry would sooner flip a coin than count on that useless Headmaster to be taking care of anything.

“Professor you can’t do this!”

“Shut up Wood, someone’s been petrified! Have some sympathy!” Katie yelled at him as the girls prevented their captain from interfering with Harry’s plea to his favorite teacher.

McGonagall offered him a small sympathetic look, but seemed more aware she was still before the entire school and needed to retain her propriety.

“Mr. Potter, please return to the dorm with your classmates. Proper instruction will follow shortly.” She repeated her announcement but he refused to just let it go.

“If they’re not in Gryffindor I won’t know for hours though, will I!? Please professor,” He begged, nearly holding onto her robes and she caught his hands to gently turn him around and usher him back to where the Gryffindor team was converging once more. The twins accepted him with grim looks, cluing in immediately that they might need to drag him back.

McGonagall was at least aware that causing this kind of scene in front of the entire student body would be less than helpful—and was also aware that her not-so-secret favorite student could cause quite the scene when he wanted to.

“There were two. An Ravenclaw and a Slytherin—but please let us inform their families first Mr. Potter, before you fly off the handle,” She spoke quickly and quietly to him, before turning as if she had not just done that and beginning the process of corralling the incoming flood of students entering the pitch to walk in an organized manner back to the castle.

Harry felt cold, even as the twins had him by the arms and forced him to move with the rest of the team, back to the locker rooms briefly to grab their stuff.

A Ravenclaw and a Slytherin… it could be any number of eagles since a third of them didn’t bother coming to games if their team wasn’t playing, but a Slytherin? House unity was extremely important and everyone usually showed for visibility reasons, since last Harry was aware the quidditch team was still the strongest alliance in-house and they were always present to scope out the competition.

He knew for a fact Draco was here in the stands somewhere, because he’d never miss a quidditch game. That was a relief at least.

But as he was lead away he couldn’t help looking up at the stands where the Slytherins sat and wonder if he couldn’t figure out who was missing from just a glance. At this distance though, the only reason he could even vaguely make out who was who, was tribute to Osmias’ actually very impressive contacts that enhanced his vision if he concentrated properly.

It was just a mass of black, silver, and green though, with faces sprinkled here and there, and he resigned himself to some painful hours of needing to sit and wait… and worry once more about what this monster could possibly be.

000

Blaise figured it out immediately.

Harry had looked up in their direction after speaking to McGonagall—clearly he would be able to get the information from her quickest so he hadn’t left his seat immediately, wanting to see what the most interesting lion could gather. The entire house around him was sort of doing the same thing, standing to follow orders but moving cautiously to see if there was anything else they could pick up.

When the vibrant red-head, hair visible clear as day even from this distance, immediately whipped around to look at them…

Blaise had already done a headcount of who was here and who was not, purely to hold it over their head for breaking house unity. Four fifth years were studying for OWLs, one seventh year was writing lines until Snape said so, and one first year had the sniffles and had gone back to bed after breakfast and a recovery potion from Madam Pomfrey.

And one snake had sworn he’d catch up later, he just wanted to check something in the library after breakfast. That he’d never actually made it and was in fact still missing combined with Harry’s dramatic look just now, was all the evidence he needed.

And Blaise couldn’t help but burst out laughing.

Because Merlin that was funny—what were the chances of that!? Imagining the look on the stupid school board’s face when they realized this monster truly didn’t care about blood purity or Slytherins at all was enough to bring a smile to his face for real this time.

It’s just so amusing that people stupidly think they can understand monsters, isn’t it?

“What the hell is wrong with you!?” Pansy snapped from the seats behind him, more for the sudden, loud disturbance than finding the petrification funny.

Blaise looked to his left but Draco had already vanished. Damn, he couldn’t even rub this in.

“It’s a pureblood. So much for it being Slytherin’s monster—or maybe it’s just not well trained!” He mocked gleefully, and he could tell no one was happy about him announcing information, for free, for everyone within earshot to hear. It was because he knew it would sew chaos and therefore it did no good to sit on it for long, and they all knew that was the only reason he ever spoke so openly.

He could also tell who else had done their own headcounts and the minute they realized who was missing.

Daphne shoved past him with a dark expression, using the opportunity to shoulder check him violently. He was unfortunately not that coordinated enough to dodge, much less catch his balance without grabbing the rail in front of him, but it didn’t stop him finding this mercilessly funny so his grin didn’t even waver—he just laughed again at her pitiful attempt to bring him down. Nothing would damper his mood today, not after this!

Tracy gave him a wide berth as she followed her friend pointedly, giving him a filthy look as she passed.

“Well, at least we know it’s not Potter now… there’s no way he’d eat one of his own friends,” She offered to Daphne’s back, but no one really acknowledged it—too wrapped up in what this could mean to do more but follow the crowd back to the castle in silence.

And trying very hard to ignore the Zabini’s senseless giggling.

000

“Mr. Malfoy. I believe there may be a conflict of interest with you being here.”

“Why? He’s never claimed to be a friend.” Draco didn’t blink, and thankfully the Madam and he had a decent exchange at this point that things like how polite or blunt they were mattered less to how honest the words being spoken.

It also said something that she was standing in the middle of the hospital wing, as if expecting his arrival, and seemed entirely unsurprised to see him despite her comment. She’s made the comment but clearly she was only making it known, not implying anything else.

It was something he greatly appreciated about her, since he had more than enough of double-meanings and triple-speak in his own house on the daily.

“They’re going to be taken to St. Mungo’s shortly, right?” He asked, getting down to business.

She didn’t bother pressing the issue, nodding once and accepting his arrival by leading the way to the pointedly curtained off beds at the end of the room. “I’ve already contacted them and a team will be here within the hour to transport them for treatment.”

“What’s the treatment beyond the elixir?” He wondered aloud, but already kind of knew the answer by the blank set of her lips.

“Preventing damage, essentially. Petrification turns the body to stone, so they are more or less functionally dead for the time being. The true treatment comes from curing them with the elixir, which will also involve a full assessment of all bodily functions to ensure everything is operating correctly. Since the cause of this petrification is unknown, it is also unknown how sturdy the stone-like structure they’ve been turned to is, and if rough handling will not cause invisible cracks that could penetrate entire limbs or the torso. Snapping off a bit of hair is one thing, but if there is a hairline crack through the thigh or torso we didn’t know about before curing them, it could get troublesome.”

Troublesome, as if that mental picture wasn’t horrifically graphic. Still, Draco had gotten over the queasiness from blood a while ago. It was just something that helped the body function, sometimes it was inisde the body (normal) and sometimes it was outside (less preferrable), but now knowing what was fixable and what was more difficult to fix took a lot of the mysterious horror out of it.

“And St. Mungo’s is safer than Hogwarts?” he frowned.

“Debatably. An argument could be made they’d be fine resting here as well as they would in hospital, and the transport is an unnecessarily risky step. In fact the Headmaster did argue just that, but ultimately I decided to send them off. For one, the cause of the petrification is still unknown and could perhaps not be through with them.” She paused before the curtain, giving him a pointed look. “For another… there was no need to force the sight of something like this onto their classmates. It can be quite distressing.”

He knew what she was implying, but just lifted his chin. “This is curable, isn’t it?”

“Indeed.”

“Then I’m not going to be upset by something that isn’t even permanent.” He brushed it off, and she looked him over with an unreadable expression for a long moment.

In the end, she got over whatever it was, primly returning to business as she stepped through the curtain and let him follow.

“Very well then. I had hoped not to have another example of this to show you, but while they are here I can demonstrate how this petrification is unlike any other cases I’ve encountered before. I can count on one hand the amount of times in my career I’ve encountered brand new magic without previous documented medical journals to support treatment, so pay close attention to the diagnosing process. There is always a reasonable answer and treatment, however rare those answers might be, but unique cases are not unheard of if you eliminate every other factor.” She lectured, as if this were any other lesson she were rattling off for him while he took notes at her desk.

Now he wasn’t exactly writing down potion uses or diagraming the skeleton, he had his own healer’s journal that he cracked open and began taking notes as she spoke. If she raised a brow at how he’d clearly taken the initiative to copy her practice, she at least didn’t call him on it.

He wasn’t about to mention that his first test subject had been himself, however she was fully aware he’d had at least one official patient already, so her being able to double check his work while he went off and attempted to do things on his own was probably a good safety precaution.

Not that it mattered, since he only had one patient in this first healer’s journal of his, and all the pain reduction potions and healing salves for bruises and small cuts he’d diagnosed and given meant nothing at this point, given that patient was, according to the Madam’s words, essentially dead.

He tried to write down her process for diagnosing this unique form of petrification the best he could understand it while not really having a background in other forms of petrification just yet, but he also followed the standard procedure of writing down everything else that might help form a diagnosis.

The most glaring thing, though he had no idea how it was related… was that he had never seen Nott wear glasses before.

But as his blue eyes stared up at the ceiling, frozen in time and temporary death, he was certainly wearing them now.





Chapter 72: Book 2 : Envy : 39




The graveyard’s layout was kind of orderly, but ultimately messy enough to make it feel exceptionally authentic, like it really was a place that people had once started burying bodies in and over the centuries different practices and grave arrangements came in and out of fashion. Some rows were lined up well, others more artistic or natural—as if those were the graves that had been there first before someone decided this plot of land would be an official place to lay the dead to rest.

The center of the graveyard was a willow tree, but the twelve other trees scattered about weren’t all willows nor were they out there in any particular pattern, they just kind of plopped themselves wherever and disrupted the neat lines of graves in places. There was a decent stretch of grass surrounding the center willow so the first line of graves wasn’t punched right up next to it, and for at least three rows the graves all faced inwards in a circle—a spiral technically, as one circle became the next, and then the next gradually. Beyond that the style changed, sections forming more rectangular areas with the graves in mostly neat lines.

Directly to the north beyond the center circles, the style switched to rows, but the farther you walked the less neat the lines seemed to be. The lower north area was separated by a moderately cared-for cobblestone path, and once you crossed it to the upper north section you could tell the graves there were much older. It wasn’t unkempt exactly but the moss and lichens on the stones had done their damage, wind and water erosion making them noticeably less pristine as the graves in the lower yards.

It was here you found family tombs, large headstones with multiple names written on them with little adornments other than an occasional flower that had clearly grown wild, and not from someone’s tender care of the long-forgotten memorials. Scattered about this place, more so towards the northernmost part of the graveyard, you would find mausoleums, standing tall and proud and closed tightly as you passed or in the distance if you didn’t walk all the way to the edge.

He walked right by Blaise’s mausoleum, actually giving it a wide berth amongst the rows. For as long as he’d had this graveyard he hadn’t actually gone near that one to examine it closely yet, and today wouldn’t be the day he started either.

No, his real goal was quite the walk away, passing the tallest and most impressive tombs and old, refined graves that maybe were worn but hey, at least they’d withstood the test of time and were still proudly there. The ground was less flat here, a little more rocky and uneven, the grass just a little thicker and taller.

To the northwest the graves got more haphazard, less organized and more like someone had began tossing people here for lack of better option a long, long time ago—perhaps on the edge of a settlement that had long since disappeared without a trace. Many of the graves here had no names even, or the etchings on their stones were so worn Harry just couldn’t read them at least, half of them being stones laid into the ground flat instead of proper headstones, as that seemed to be the style of the time these graves were made. A time when things like headstones weren’t around yet, and someone painstakingly carving a name into the largest rock they could find in the forest was all the grave marker they could muster up.

You couldn’t see it but considering this was his mindscape, he was fully aware of many, many graves in this area… or should he say people who’d found their peace in this place, that had left no trace and nothing outwardly hinting that this stretch of bumpy, hilly grass had any graves in it at all. A long time ago the people here had been buried in cloth or the clothes on their backs, maybe not that deep so that the warmer layers of the earth combined with the lack of protection from the earthworms and bugs had decomposed even their bones into nothing by now. No refined coffin or stone tomb protected them, there had maybe just been a beautiful tapestry or blanket someone had lovingly wrapped them in for the last time to send them off, but all of it was long gone.

Someone had once used what they had to make a grave marker made of wood, perhaps painted it or tied ribbons to it, decorated it with flowers and pretty stones or memorial trinket to honor them. Wood, paint, and cloth didn’t last though, and today nothing remained to imply they’d ever been there, much less the names that were once written on bits of oak or hickory or pine.

This area was mostly field now, some stones imbedded into the ground sometimes revealing a name but on the most part it was only because Harry knew this place well that he knew this was anyone’s final resting place at all.

There was an elm here, tall and thin with spikey leaves and pale bark. It was sparse and dropped branches everywhere making every other step he took crunch as he could barely avoid them. Beneath its shade was one grave amongst the many that Harry had marked himself, though he was hyper aware of the… fleeting nature of the wood he’d carved it from.

How desperately Harry wanted to bring this grave closer to the willow at the center, closer to him and more easily reached, but he couldn’t. His subconscious wouldn’t let him… or maybe it was better to say his conscience.

Because Theo wouldn’t want to be close to the others.

It was too loud (ha, in a graveyard?) and too crowded, and amongst the other proper stones this small wooden marker would feel… wrong.

Out of place.

Lost.

Harry made a lot of executive decisions here, since it was his graveyard and in the theme of things no one was alive here to tell him what he could or couldn’t do to ‘mourn’ before their graves. He could be as respectful or disrespectful as he wanted but no one was here to judge him for it. No one was alive or looking down on him from the great beyond with any right to judge him: they were dead.

This was his graveyard. This was how he mourned—or reflected.

He couldn’t do it to Theo though.

Theo would neither care nor judge him even if he somehow knew, but still, Harry couldn’t do it. No matter how much he wanted to drag him closer to the willow, he knew he’d just be disrupting the peace Theo was enjoying over here—if he were alive to enjoy such things. Taking away his peace and quiet, his solitude… it went against everything Harry had ever done in order to become friends with him in the first place.

But as he sat before the right grave and examined the wood panel he himself had cobbled together, he had this… anxiety, over the fleeting nature of things not made of stone.

If he stopped visiting, if he spent too long away and time continued to do it’s thing and cause the wood to grow old, then weak, then rotten, then nothing at all…?

Well… that’s exactly what it’d do. Any trace of the bits of wood with Theodore Nott painted in white and tied together with thick twine would disappear if he turned his back for too long. This was a remote area of the graveyard after all, he had to consciously take the time and make the trek out here to visit it. Even now sometimes if he was just a little too preoccupied with the busy lower yards, too busy admiring he center willow and tending to the flowers around the graves around it, some times he’d come back here to find the twine holding the slats of wood together to be fraying. Thinned and brittle from the rain, pecked at by birds until it wasn’t nearly as strong as it’d been when Harry first tied it.

If he left this grave unattended for too long, unlike the others that merely got buried in snow and he could dust off no problem, this one would disappear.

And he’d always know this grave was here, because it was his graveyard after all, but there was something deeply painful about the way this make-shift headstone was just so… temporary.

The thing was, he also knew Theo half wanted it to disappear too. For the wood to decay and for him to disappear beneath the grass amongst who-knows how many other names bodies buried here, not a name or person of importance anymore but just part of the earth. If Harry were a better person he’d clean this area of all the pathetic pieces of graves and the elm branches and make this area a beautiful memorial garden, something people could visit and enjoy properly. Something he could dedicate to not just Theo but everyone like them he’d passed… and forgotten.

Theo wasn’t here, to comment either way. If he were though… Harry knew he’d wouldn’t care if he had a headstone or none at all—he wouldn’t mind the garden either but the gesture would never be for him, and Harry knew that. It was just the ‘nice’ thing to do, but the people forgotten here would never know nor care about it. They were dead after all.

Theo doesn’t really want a grave at all.

Harry had to admit to himself that this was probably the reason he was having such a hard time putting Theo into his graveyard: his mindscape was the thing that was flawed.

From the books he’d read you needed to have a system of organization that separated topics out cleanly, be that by season or topic or smell or whatever it was. A common one was to imagine a library or a filing cabinet, a room full of closets or literal buckets with various things in them, but Harry had chosen to separate his mental chaos into people. A side effect to it was that the things he needed to categorize also got connected to people too—like how his entire foundation of Transfiguration was connected to McGonagall’s grave, since she was there when he first started. Now that he was branching out and doing other things, he found thought on Chemistry clearest when in front of Remus’ grave, or when he was transfiguring clothes he found himself in front of Dell’s.

Everyone would have a resting place someday, that was the universal fact of life, so while there were no real bodies here and most of the people here were actually alive still, it was easy to imagine their graves. It helped him embrace those who were really dead that he’d never met, like his parents he’d never met and would have no idea how to classify as anything other than dead, but it also helped him reflect over the people in his life that were still living too. Graves didn’t talk back after all, he didn’t have to imagine what they might say to him, he could talk to their headstones with no expectation of them hearing or listening or responding, but the practice itself helped him reflect on his own relationship with them… or who he thought they were, at least. A one-sided conversation really shed some light on what assumptions he was harboring after all.

For example Ron’s grave… now that he was calmer, when he stood in front of it he just felt… tired.

If Ron Weasley were really dead and buried here, what did it matter all the childish things he’d said or done? He was just a kid like him, and his family would be devastated to lose their youngest son. Him eating too loud or pulling a prank he didn’t know would be dangerous wasn’t worth the effort it took to be mad about, should Harry outlive him. Putting it into perspective like that, it was hard to hold a grudge.

He absolutely would hold some grudges though—the Dursleys, Dumbledore, Quirrell, Voldemort— but it was a good litmus test. If he wasn’t mad enough to still be mad about it even if they died, then it wasn’t worth holding onto forever.

He’d hold onto things little, but not forever.

So all in all, his method of organization being a graveyard had serves him very well, for almost everyone and everything he’d needed to sort through since he started learning Occlumency.

It was inherently flawed though, because Theo didn’t belong in a graveyard.

This pathetic wooden arts-and-crafts project in front of him was all he could scrape together, because he knew if Theo were actually gone and buried, any memorial would be of Harry’s own creation. If he wanted to mourn the quiet Slytherin, he would need to find a way to do it himself because Theo would somehow escape the finality of a headstone—he might even escape the confines of a graveyard all together. If someone did put him here, even in the afterlife he’d be annoyed by it.

Harry could picture everyone’s grave, it was where they’d all go in the end after all.

Theo though…

…Harry could imagine Theo disappearing one day. As an old man, or maybe not. He could easily imagine him either knowing it was time or just deciding it was, and walking out the door one day to never return. He’d pull his disappearing act and vanish from behind him, or more likely he’d have been living alone and never returning his letters anyway so that when Harry next thought to crash in and bother him, he’d find the place abandoned.

There’d be tea on the table even, since there was no way he’d bother cleaning up after himself, much less leaving a note. He probably wouldn’t even change or take anything with him, he’d just decide and then disappear, just like that.

Maybe he’d toss himself into the sea or walk out into the woods—either way Harry was sure no one would find him again and his resting place would be a secret only he’d know for the rest of time.

There would be no grave.

In this mindscape there was, because Harry needed a place to fit him into his world, but it would always feel a little out of place, since while he could easily imagine everyone else’s grave, he had to force himself to imagine Theo here even though the deeper part of himself knew this was wrong. He almost had to actively force himself to remember what this grave looked like, as it didn’t come comfortably or naturally at all.

He didn’t belong here.

Maybe he didn’t even really belong in Harry’s mindscape at all, but he refused to let even this awkward piece go.

It didn’t matter if this piece didn’t fit easily and comfortably as everyone else, he wasn’t letting it go.

No matter if he felt a flicker of guilt at burying him here despite knowing he wouldn’t want to be. No matter if he needed to constantly tend to this grave marker so that it didn’t disappear on him. No matter if Theo did or did not care about what he was doing.

Harry planted heather, a mix of purple and white and there was no other flower that described anyone in this graveyard quite like how heather fit Theo. Purple heather at least, but Harry made the choice to plant white along side it anyway. Maybe he was just sentimental.

Maybe in the real world when the day came, he’d have no idea where Theo went and he’d never know how long he’d been gone until it was too late, but Harry knew on that day he’d transfigure as many fields as he could get his hands on into heather. He’d use every ounce of his expansive magic to turn the entire country purple and white at least for day, so that his friend wouldn’t be able to escape his goodbye even in death.

Because no matter what Theo cared or did not care about, Harry would care enough to at least give him flowers.

000

It didn’t sink in just how much he’d spoiled himself for choice until now, when he wasn’t able to leave the Gryffindor common room.

It had only been less than a week of the new status quo, but it was insanely infuriating already. Between classes they were escorted by teachers, during study halls and the second dinner was done they were expected to be safe back in their dorms, and all club activities had been cancelled until further notice. Gryffindor itself didn’t seem to care that much (besides the loss of quidditch—Wood and Melody were inconsolable) aside from the new rules chafing annoyingly at their sense of freedom, and being told what to do in general.

As someone who had gotten very used to rotating his daily conversations between all four houses though, Harry got sick and tired of it immediately.

He could still talk to the other houses at meals but it just wasn’t the same! Not that he didn’t like his own house but 24/7 was getting to be too much. Even his normal ‘alone time’ of being an early riser wasn’t alone anymore, since there were half a dozen fifth years who were apparently early risers all of a sudden with OWLs a mere two months away, and they couldn’t escape to the library in the evenings to study anymore. So now mornings were the only time serious students actually had to work in peace, and Harry was still under his promise to Neville to not get up at 4am anymore so he couldn’t just beat them awake either!

He genuinely did love how loud and friendly his house was.

By day four though, he was ready to hex someone.

It probably didn’t help that even if he could talk to other houses at meals, he hadn’t sat at the Slytherin table yet.

It was just… the glaring absence would be too harsh, the same way he still felt his heart wilt at Colin’s absence amongst the other first years. That would’ve only been a mild hangup though, but his real issue was Blaise.

He didn’t want to look at his stupid face right now because he knew for fact the asshole find this all extremely hilarious and while Harry didn’t exactly hold it against an insane person for doing insane things, he also wasn’t ready to hear it right now. The mandrakes were about eleven weeks away from maturing according to Neville, and Draco confirmed it wouldn’t be more than a week after that for all the victims turned to stone to be cured—something about the potion brewing time and needing to wake them up slowly that Harry didn’t understand.

Still, he knew he’d need to face the Slytherin table before those eleven weeks had passed, but he was holding off for now, no matter how cramped and frustrated he felt trapped in his own house at the moment. Just like he couldn’t get as upset as he wanted to be in front of the lions over a Slytherin getting petrified, he couldn’t exactly get mad at Blaise and pick a fight with him. For one, it’d never work and if he did fight with that guy he wanted to be on his A game and not distracted like he was now, and for another he knew there was no point in getting mad at him in the first place.

He was already very aware of Blaise’s reaction to this, hence why he was steering clear. What good was putting himself in a position that he knew was going to piss him off ahead of time? That was just poor planning on his part at this point.

It did however make him feel a little better when he imagined the jerk’s reaction to being told that Harry hadn’t been visiting because he’d become too predictable. He was looking forward to that conversation a bit, but it’d happen much later when he was less worked up.

The real reason there was no point in visiting though, was that Draco seemed very aware of where his thoughts were and had actually braved sitting at the Gryffindor table to visit him—three times now! In one week!

Luckily everyone had been on their best behavior and seemed to understand that Theo had been both his and Draco’s friend, so in the name goodness and friendship and all that lion nonsense they’d actually all (outwardly) backed off and given him no trouble during the brief visits. The fact Ron was clear on the other end of the table and the twins had taken to sitting much closer while things were so tense seemed to be key ingredients in why there’d been no incidents so far, he suspected. After their serious conversation at the start of term, both twins had been extremely busy ‘plotting things’ as they’d told him gleefully, but also just in general far more aware of their own status. They’d figured out all on their own that if they were between Draco with the Gryffindor boys of Harry’s year, and the rest of the table consisting of mostly upper years, it was like they became this wall that most didn’t dare breech.

The twins were the Gryffindors after all, they were popular and friendly and you couldn’t really lean around them to talk to someone on their other side, it just felt rude. You usually ended up talking to them instead, and if they didn’t really acknowledge Draco then no one else around them did either.

So ended up a very successful new arrangement of usually Fred sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with Harry near the end of the table at the back of the hall—Draco and a mix of Gryffindor boys and first years to his left, the rest of the house to his right. George sat either next to or across from his brother, but with this set-up no one had even commented or shot Draco a dirty look yet for his presence.

Harry was grateful for them once again, but also realized it might also not be about him this time since the twins were usually neck-deep in conversing with their own roommates sitting near them instead of with the younger years they were protecting, and going by how often silencing charms were being used on their conversations Harry knew it was serious business, prank business, or a mix of both. He left them too it, just thankful they were kind enough to block for Draco silently while things were so tense.

Conversely, Draco had also been on his best behavior in amongst the lions too—being cold but polite to his year mates and clearly confused by the first years sitting near them and choosing to ignore those pointedly. He also, yet again, instantly got into quidditch discussions with Seamus the second any more pressing conversations were complete. In fact, Harry almost felt like Draco was not visiting him at all, given how he was left in the dust about quidditch technicalities immediately. Despite actually playing the sport he was still not that obsessed that he’d memorized every single foul physically possible in such a complicated sport, but Draco 100% had.

Even Dean, who was a big quidditch fan now too, had been leaning more towards the football club since he and Lu were the unofficial/official leaders of it, and couldn’t keep up—he and Harry now looking at each other as they were forced to sit quietly through their friends bickering in what amounted to an alien language to them.

Harry did find it nice to talk about football with Dean though too, since the guy had been getting muggle magazines with news from the muggle leagues and there was a lot more there to catch up on. Harry had seen more than a few football club members with copies themselves, so it was a spreading interest now that quidditch wasn’t the only sport to follow, and information on it was harder to get in the magical world if you didn’t have easy access to the latest magazine or muggle paper.

All in all, life was… tense, but calm.

There wasn’t much anyone could do about the situation except either worry or continue on with life like normal, and people ended up doing both somehow. So yeah, they talked about sports and homework and midterms next week and easter break right after it and also sometimes the petrification monster/snake. But it wasn’t like they could do much about it except talk, then continue on with life.

But even as life continued ‘normally’, people were worried about the petrification monster with more force than ever, after the months of no further attacks had lulled everyone into a false sense of security. The new rules made it impossible to forget as teachers snapping at students not to wander around alone increased the sense of fear not permeating the air. Where once people were kind of just ignoring it, maybe feeling a little concerned when they recalled what had happened to some of their classmates, now everyone was always on edge and anxious since the reminder that danger could be everywhere was ever present in their daily lives.

Oddly enough, Harry wasn’t any more anxious than he’d been before about it—about the monster at least. He did have a writhing snake in his stomach when he thought of Theo and Colin and the other victims, but the threat of the monster didn’t increase for him exactly. He’d always been cautious and now that everyone else was too it actually made him feel a little better in a way. Validating, to a point.

And he’d already done what he could, so there was nothing left to do but wait things out until the tide changed again.

The first thing he’d done was tell McGonagall about his hearing that murderous voice, how he’d told Snape before but nothing had happened and how the Slytherins pointed out it might be a snake then, given his ability. She thankfully took him seriously and said she’d inform those investigating, even saying she’d personally check out how ‘in the walls’ it might be.

The next thing he’d tried to do was find Hagrid to have that conversation, but the lockdown rules had made it extremely hard. He could’ve slipped out under this invisibility cloak, but the portrait mysteriously opening in a now always-full Gryffindor common room would cause panic probably since everyone was freaked out about this monster, and the only person who knew he had the cloak at all was Neville, who’d looked very panicked when Harry mentioned wanting to go out alone.

And wander the halls and open grounds with the threat of the petrification snake on the loose and a bigger threat than ever.

Yeah, Harry could see how it would be a bad plan, so he agreed to wait until Hagrid was available, sending him an owl about visiting with his official permission instead—he counted as a responsible adult apparently so if the guy walked them to his cabin and back himself they’d be allowed to go so long as it was before dinner and curfew. Unfortunately the groundskeeper was apparently one of the people helping comb the school from top to bottom in search of anything strange under Dumbledore’s orders, but he promised he’d make some time Friday for them.

Which left a full school week of not being able to do much more than pretend life was normal and talk about sports over lunch as if that were all there was to talk about. Harry had gotten so itchy in his need to do something that he had even killed some time putting together absolutely immaculate study packets he could give the petrification victims when they awoke, as they’d be coming around with less than a week before finals. So, at least they would have a little easier time catching up for Transfiguration… he was less worried about Theo and the others, but super worried about Colin who’d gotten petrified so early in the year, as a muggleborn who’d still been learning the magical world to begin with, and he hadn’t exactly come off as a ‘star student’. Super enthusiastic about the material, but so far as his grades or essay-writing skills, Harry was concerned to say the least.

Being nearly a full school year behind his classmates in general was a concern, however Harry kind of suspected Colin would have enough enthusiasm and positivity that the gap between him and them wouldn’t be much of a problem.

It was the last possible thing he could’ve been doing that ended up being the most frustrating that they weren’t making progress on though.

“You really have no idea what kind of snake it could be?” Seamus seemed doubtful, but Draco could only stiffly incline his head and glance at Harry to give him a knowing look.

“There are less options than you think. Plenty of snakes kill, none that we know of actually petrify though. Petrification is extremely dark and even if there were Slytherins who’d know about it, they obviously wouldn’t share.” He snipped quietly, but Harry got the message.

Blaise.

Dark magic was illegal and secretive, and if a dark family were using it then obviously they’d only teach it within the family, not boast about it where anyone could hear or gather clues about it. That Blaise knew immediately that it was a snake by the petrification alone meant he probably damn well knew what kind of snake it was, and he wasn’t sharing. In fact, if it really were something related to his own family’s dark magic, there was a chance his mother was in on it too, and if she was actually hiding the information outside of Hogwarts as well, they were doomed. It wouldn’t even be a stretch to say she’d ordered her son to do it as well, and that if they went to the Library right now, most of the books about magical snakes might be mysteriously missing. How Blaise had done that beneath Madam Pince’s nose, Harry didn’t know, but he wouldn’t put it past him.

Which meant they were at a dead end. The only people capable of getting information the Zabini’s wanted hidden was most likely the Greengrass family, but obviously Harry had commandeered a lot of their time and resources with his deal so it wasn’t like he could lean on them right now.

“So far as snakes, there are a dozen snake monsters out there. Since this is supposedly Slytherin’s monster itself it could even be one of the more legendary beings, like the white snake demon or the hydra. Someone even floated it’s a naga or a leviathan python, though no idea how they’d still be alive if they’re the original monster Salazar Slytherin had.” Draco shrugged. “Since you said it was huge, some upper years think it’s Jormungand.”

“Wouldn’t that make this the end of the world?” Harry frowned, cupping his tea closer.

“Probably.” Draco was unconcerned, so clearly he didn’t think that was it. “For less legendary snakes there are things like occamy and runespoors, giant fire pythons, weeping boas, even basilisks. All of which will kill you given the chance but so far as petrifying and not eating it’s victims? Very unlikely.” He broke the news.

“Would any of those grow to be, like, Hagrid size?” Harry wondered.

“They’re magical creatures—given enough magic and time any of them could. If it’s really Slytherin’s monster and it was alive when he was, that would be enough time… but to live, much less grow, how has it been eating and no one noticed it?” Draco countered. “Also, they’re all insanely territorial—if it were getting out to eat then it would’ve noticed a bunch of wizards in it’s territory and killed a lot more people than it has so far.”

“Maybe Salazar told it not to. Wasn’t it originally supposed to be something that protected the school? Maybe it’s enchanted not to eat students or something,” Harry mused.

“Maybe? If he cared that much?” Even Draco didn’t seem that optimistic of his own house founder, making Dean snicker. “If he did then he’s a stronger wizard than even we thought since telling an occamy not to eat would be insane. But even if that were true, why now? And what’s with the petrification?”

“I guess.” Harry felt like there was something he was missing, he just didn’t know what. “Well Hagrid is supposed to be our Creatures professor next year, so maybe he’ll know. We’re talking to him Friday.” He informed him, and Draco nodded but didn’t seem to get his hopes up—or be impressed at all, actually.

Harry had faith in his giant friend but yeah… he was also kind of worried about how Hagrid’s lessons would go, so he couldn’t fault him for that.

“Yee of little faith, you’re forgetting that super dangerous pets are Hagrid’s specialty! With our luck he’ll have once had a giant runespoor named Peggy or something that he’ll be able to tell us all about!” Seamus rallied them, and neither Harry nor Draco could find fault with that logic, so it was as good a lead as anything.

Which meant, yet again, they just had to wait until then.

000

They didn’t make it to Friday.

It was Thursday night, just after dinner and everyone now too amped up on food to go to their rooms but not permitted to leave the tower, so it felt like the entire lion house was crammed into the common room. It was loud and there was barely any elbow room but wasn’t that uncomfortable, particularly not when a giant game of exploding snap broke out and if you joined in then it was kind of fun. You were shit out of luck if you were trying to be responsible and do homework in the corner though.

He was looking at his cards and plotting his next move while Neville took his turn when he heard his name from across the room, near the portrait entrance. People shouting for him wasn’t weird at all, but the tone of mild panic in their voice peaking over the loud din of the now-normal weeknight chaos caught his attention.

“Harry!?”

“What?” he shouted back, not sure who it was but putting his cards down to pay attention.

“There’s a Slytherin here!”

He froze.

“What!?” He immediately stood because what the hell? Luckily the other guys took the cue to abandon the game as well since that was way bigger news than… well it was almost bigger than a petrification attack honestly since they’d had four of those this year, but a Slytherin hadn’t willingly visited Gryffindor’s dorm in potentially centuries.

He had to know and made his way there immediately, Seamus, Dean, and Neville following in curiosity. Unfortunately the shouting match had caught more than just their notice, and half the house was now realizing there was a Slytherin here and having mixed reactions about it.

"If it's Draco then someone go get McGonagall because the world is ending," He felt the need to say and earned himself several startled laughs from onlookers.

“It could be about the snake again!” Seamus gave the benefit of the doubt, but Dean made an indignant sound.

"Forget that, your first reaction if the world is ending is to tell McGonagall?"

Harry ignored that, knowing it probably wasn’t Draco since he could send Hedwig with a letter like they always did, still every day exchanging at least small notes here and there to catch up despite being more separated than they’d ever been at Hogwarts. Draco was also not in a position within his own house where he could afford to just show up at the entrance of Gryffindor tower like this would be okay so there was almost no chance it was him.

It could be any other Slytherin here for anyone who wasn’t him… but the person yelling that there was a Slytherin outside had made the correct assumption that it was statistically very unlikely a snake would be here for anyone that wasn’t him these days. There might’ve been other possibilities but there wasn’t time to entertain them when the room wasn’t that big and suddenly he was in the portrait hole, blinking down at a smiling Daphne, who just waved once at him.

It was both a relief and also very confusing.

“There’s no way you’re out past curfew to ask to hang out in the lion’s den,” He blurted out, still kind of stunned to see her here.

“Nope. Also, ’a Slytherin’ am I? Suppose that’s an upgrade considering what it could’ve been.” She allowed, seeming casual and unperturbed as they chatted but he knew she was probably just a great actor. They both knew all of Gryffindor was now watching this exchange behind him, whispering not-so-quietly about what was going on. The lone snake had to be feeling quite exposed with several dozen upper year, super unfriendly lions all starting to notice her presence.

"You good?" he got to the point because clearly, she was on a mission.

Which she confirmed by unearthing a folded newspaper from where she’d held her arms behind her back, presenting it to him almost pointedly.

"I'm fine, it's you that's going to want to see this."

"The paper?" He stepped down from the portrait hole to face her properly and take it.

"An early copy, it'll hit print tomorrow. Thought it'd be a bit rude if you found out the same time as the rest of the school." She said in a tone that was the epitome of casual, but as he opened it to see what was so important about this rather than bother asking, he froze solid at the headline.

Trial of the Century: Sirius Black Innocent?

He forgot to breathe for a second and as he looked up at her in shock, she nodded to him with blue eyes locked onto his then pointedly glancing at the open portrait hole behind him.

"What!?"

He knew his shout was heard by the entire tower behind him. It felt good to finally be able to let loose about this, because he was shocked and low-key panicking and he didn’t need to hide it any longer—it had hit the papers and going by her cue she had chosen literally the most public scene she could outside of everyone finding out the same time as him at breakfast tomorrow for a reason.

It was all part of the plan. He'd been warned it'd suddenly be public, but even then it wasn’t hard to act surprised because honestly he was. With everything else going on and how focused he’d been on the mystery snake, despite knowing it was coming this had still managed to take him off guard.

“Are you serious right now?” He wasn’t yelling but his voice was raised and he knew half his house was now dead curious about it.

Seamus was right behind him in the portrait hole and took the opportunity to look over his shoulder at the paper—and inhaled sharply, clamping a hand over his mouth to stifle it. "Oh my god…"

"Sirius Black? Who is that?" Dean had seen it too but clearly didn't know the significance, and that caught people's attention behind them. Especially as Seamus realized what his friend had just blurted out and violently tried to shush him, dragging him back into the common room hastily, much to his confusion.

Well, it’s happening now, Harry tried to pretend he was in control but… his hands shook a bit as he lifted the paper. Even knowing this was all planned he still felt a little uneasy and panicked about how this was going to go.

Neville, thankfully, knew all about what was really happening but also somehow sensed his stress, remaining present by his side and pressing a hand on his back reassuringly to settle his racing heart. It helped him take a breath and actually read the words in front of him and not spiral out of control from how hard his pulse was beating.

Everyone probably assumed he was stressed about his parents’ ‘murderer’ going free… and yeah he was super stressed about that, but more because he was afraid he wouldn’t. He could be shaken though, he didn’t have to hide it—they’d think it more suspicious if he was unaffected probably.

He scanned the page quickly, trying to take it in but there was a bunch of fluff filing out the article, a long introduction recapping who Sirius was and what he'd supposedly done… and then it got to the juicy stuff. How he never got a trial, how the question had been posed on if he was perhaps innocent. Several infuriating quotes from Fudge calling it nonsense, but thankfully several from Amelia Bones in there too, vouching on her duty as head of the DMLE to at least give him his day in court as every citizen deserved that right. It then rapidly devolved into speculation about a dozen different aspects, insults and praise for the Ministry, the entire controversy of how humane Azkaban actually was—

But then:

"Monday!?" Harry freaked out, not even needing to pretend for this as he snapped his head up to look at Daphne widely. “This Monday!? As four days from now!?"

She nodded once in confirmation. "Dad says Madam Bones already got him out of Azkaban, they're interrogating him at the Ministry and having a healer double check he's even sane enough to give a statement."

Harry gripped the paper until it nearly ripped… he was overwhelmed for sure, but he was also relieved too.

Padfoot was out. They were working on the details now but he was already out of that place, and if Harry could just trust Mr. Greengrass and what he’d sold to make this happen, then… it was going to be over soon.

He still felt kind of sick though.

“This is…”

“I’ll leave you to it.” Daphne gave him a significant look, glancing at the common room behind him once more. “Slytherin doesn’t know just yet, but they will come breakfast.” Meaning Blaise had kept to his word for some reason and hadn’t spilled ahead of time.

It had worked.

He didn’t know if the Greengrass family had managed to quiet them or for some reason Blaise and his mother actually hadn’t spilled for whatever reason… it didn’t really matter. Things were in motion now and in four days they’d have their answer one way or another.

“Thank you for this,” He held up the paper but he meant so much more. She just shot him an understanding look before slipping off into the corridor quickly—she was out past curfew after all, and Harry was sure her work was only just beginning.

He took a depth breath, looking down at the paper in his hands.

He already knew what he needed to do, it was just… a surprise, to have it pop up so suddenly; he needed a moment to center himself. He could do this though, he’d been thinking it over since Christmas, and Daphne hadn’t been very subtle by implying that while she was handling Slytherin and her father was handling everything else, Harry was going to need to handle Gryffindor.

It was his own house after all, he needed them to back him for once. Some were very obviously lost causes but they were never going to be on his side—everyone else though, if he did this right, would fall right into the trap he needed them in. Because what Daphne and Mr. Greengrass didn’t know was that the Slytherin family seat was going to vote for Sirius’ freedom in a couple days, and sure they’d get him an ‘innocent’ verdict but dealing with the aftermath of that was going to be on Harry and what was left of Sirius Black himself.

From what Daphne had said, there might not be a whole lot of his sanity left after eleven years in that place, so even if St. Mungo’s could work miracles and get him functioning again, he didn’t need to worry about what the fuck was up with Slytherin voting for his freedom too if Harry could play this right.

So he assembled himself and turned, giving Neville wide eyes and the blond might not know exactly what he was up to, but he wasn’t leaving his side either. Harry was infinitely grateful for it.

Neville led the way back into the common room, portrait swinging closed behind them and Harry could clearly tell how quiet it’d gotten since everyone wanted to hear what he was about to say. He had no intention of making a speech though because… what would he even say?

“Harry?” Dean inched back over to him, a pale Seamus beside him and both highly concerned. “You good?”

Harry didn’t actually know if he was to be honest, for real or for pretend or any of it. It didn’t really matter though, he supposed.

“What’s happening?”

“What was that about Sirius Black?”

“You don’t mean that Sirius Black right?”

“Who is he?”

“What’s going on?”

“There was a Slytherin here?”

Whispers and low talking spilled out across the room and he let it happen while he just stood there, because for once the rumors would work in his favor. Perhaps he played shell shocked too well though as he suddenly had most of the Gryffindor football club around him as if closing rank.

“Harry?” Elinor seemed to have taken charge, one of the oldest of the club being in the twins’ year but way more level headed than them for the serious tone the situation had taken. Dean and Lu were club leaders but amongst Gryffindors she at least seemed to be the centering voice of the friend group that the club had created. Dean might’ve been a de facto captain of their teams but Elinor was the one reminding them not to schedule practices or games during midterms—along with other upper years in the club of course, but the rambunctious lions needed to hear it from one of their own and it usually ended up being her.

“Are you alright? What did she want?” She offered kindly. Elinor was not a fan of Slytherins, but had played with Daphne enough to definitely know her name. Phrasing the question like that was…

“I’m okay. Daphne’s a friend, she was just warning me… I would’ve hated to learn this in the Great Hall tomorrow with everyone else.” He held up the paper numbly and made sure his expression was properly mixed. “Er…Sirius Black is getting a trial.”

The room went semi-silent, this confirmation creating a sharp divide between those who grew up in the magical world hearing stories about The Boy Who Lived, and everyone else who had no idea why that random name was so important. When half the room went quiet in shock though, most of rest followed suit on instinct.

Elinor seemed properly dismayed, along with most of the club around her, but concentrated on him.

“…are you okay?”

He glanced down at the paper as if double checking something. “Guess I’ll decide Monday.” He confessed.

“It’s happening so soon?”

“Didn’t he already get a trial?”

“Who is that?”

The whispering was less whispering and now more people talking, the confusion and now brief explanations happening everywhere seeming to be circling the same thing over and over again from many different angles. Harry felt kind of dizzy immediately but ignored it.

“Can I see it?” Otto asked cautiously, and Harry handed the paper to him. He furrowed his brow as he read it over, several people clambering to read over his shoulder eagerly as well.

“Apparently he didn’t get a trial? According to this he was never actually charged!? That’s insane!”

“But he did do it, right?” Dottie demanded, aghast.

“Harry, what’s going on…?” Dean was clearly hesitant to ask but too lost not to, even with Seamus being so worked up beside him. Harry didn’t mind at all honestly, because it gave him a chance to drop the information he wanted out there before the night ended.

Gryffindor needed to sleep on this information and have it settled in their minds before it hit print tomorrow and the rest of the world found out, because by then their opinions would already be set. No matter what anyone else thought, if Gryffindor already had an opinion on something then it wouldn’t be changed by eagles or badgers—or even snakes.

And if they were on his side, then it would go pretty far to shield him from the shitstorm that was coming.

He cleared his throat as if he also had no idea how to put this into words.

And to a point it was true because he’d spent quite some time viciously keeping this secret that now announcing it in front of his entire house felt very off-putting to say the least.

“Um… Sirius Black was sort of… my parents’ friend. My godfather.” He admitted slowly, as if reluctant to do so. It was obvious how closely people were listening too, when the volume dropped again in response to that news. Clearly not many had known of their actual relation beyond him being his parents’ friend once. “He… sold them out to Voldemort though, which is… why they died.”

There was a brief moment of pause as even the lion house knew that was a delicate topic for him.

“But now they’re saying he might not have? That he never got a trial?” Seamus was deeply disturbed by this news, taking the paper from Otto to see it for himself with wide eyes.

Harry shrugged awkwardly. “I guess, if it he didn’t… I mean even if he didn’t, he’s not going to confess now is he? You told me what Azkaban’s like…”

“There’s a potion they give criminals to ensure they tell the truth. I’m sure they’ll make him take it,” An upper year chimed up from the side reassuringly. “Then at least we’ll know for sure… I mean all evidence said he was guilty, right? I’m sure it’s just tying up some loose ends.”

“Right…” Harry frowned, watching as someone else took the paper from Seamus and the talking started to increase again. “But like… what if…?”

“’What if’?” Otto repeated, clearly still worried about him—before balking. “Wait, you don’t mean what if he is innocent!?”

Harry looked down, but bit his lip.

“Oh Harry… I wouldn’t get your hopes up,” Elinor tried to sooth him but he took a step back from her aborted motion to try and put a hand on his shoulder.

“Well I can’t help it! I never met my parents but I’ve read some of the things they left me! They loved him, they trusted him with everything, including me! He was supposed to be my godfather, and everything I learned about him was just—it was good! The idea he betrayed them has always been absolutely horrible so the chance he might not have—how could I not get my hopes up!?” He was purposefully not yelling but it was close.

He could tell that the emotional outburst was swaying quite a few people—not much, but some.

Then, surprisingly, reinforcements came.

“Come on Ellie, what’s the harm in hoping just a little?” Fred offered up, the playful tone the twins always had somehow seeming to calm the tension Harry’s display had caused.

“Honestly, our parents have always thought Fudge was a quack of a minister anyway,”

“It’s not that much of a stretch to say he bungled it back then,”

“Or that he was done in by someone else even!”

“Yeah, wasn’t Sirius Black like the only Gryffindor in a super-Slytherin family? That’s gotta count for a little hope, right?” The twins were speaking to Elinor as if teasing their classmate like they always did, but shot winks at Harry who couldn’t help but smile.

Okay, the twins learned fast.

And they were way more reputable in the lion house because even Harry’s attempt to pick at their heartstrings hadn’t gone half as far to convince them as the twins’ intervention had. People were still talking amongst themselves, but almost as if switching on a dime Harry was now hearing more than a few comments about Fudge’s ability rather than Sirius’ potential innocence.

“So chin up Apples, let’s hope for the best!”

“And if you do get a godfather out of the deal, what do you suppose he’s gonna say about little Malfoy?” The twins switched their focus to him, and Harry did splutter at that, properly taken off guard.

“W-what? What about Draco!?” He cried indignantly. “I’ve never met him to know—” but he cut himself off, realizing he actually shouldn’t be defending himself now. “I mean, he’s not—I don’t know but that’s—Draco is not related to this?”

“He isn’t?” Fred grinned a little too evilly and Harry regretted being relieved they’d stepped into this conversation. “Because rumor had it Sirius Black actually really hated Slytherins, right?”

“I mean that’s what we heard at least,” George shrugged far too innocently. They were clearly talking about the map and not going to name sources but Gryffindor never cared about silly things like sources. They heard a juicy rumor and were now extra interested, even if Harry didn’t like this direction.

“So you and the little Malfoy,”

“Might cause an issue,”

“Right?”

They were joking, but also kind of not.

Harry did not like this line of thinking and froze for a moment.

“…he might not be innocent,” he backtracked immediately, going forward and yanking the paper from the hands it’d ended up in after being passed a decent way into the room. He held it to his chest protectively, pouting now. “He could also like Slytherins!”

The twins just laughed.

“There’s more of a chance he’s innocent than him liking Slytherins,” George teased him mercilessly. “We have it on good authority he was actually Gryffindors’ number one snake-hater once upon a time!”

“Oh and guess who he used to prank the hell out of?” Fred prompted eagerly. Harry just blinked, because he honestly had no clue—he knew Padfoot was a prankster once but Moony hadn’t mentioned anything so specific.

“Er… who?”

“Snape!” They beamed like this was brilliant news, and honestly?

Yes. Yes it was.

“Really?” Harry gasped, half because that was kind of funny but also half because that was probably the best outcome right now. He could practically see Gryffindor as a whole perk up at that news and it practically make their day—because honestly fuck Snape, from his greasy hair to his awful, biased teaching methods. That was the public sentiment anyway, so Sirius being an established Snape hater, if not the original bat-hater meant he was for sure a Gryffindor in the way this house wanted him to be.

And Gryffindors trusted other Gryffindors before anyone else.

Harry had to know though: “How did you guys find that out?” He demanded.

“Well,” Fred coughed, as if they’d been caught.

“Filch may or may not keep files on his most troublesome students… like he thinks he’ll take us or court someday for making his life difficult?”

“He collects evidence essentially, and he’s got half a filing cabinet on us already,” They admitted, earning several laughs at their expense that they just grinned at rather proudly.

“We may or may not have broken into his office a couple times-”

“-for important reasons, we swear!”

“So we know there are full filing cabinets dedicated to pranksters of the past too! Mr. Black was apparently a very prolific prankster and a good chunk of the things he got detention for-”

“-just so happen to relate to pranks or hexes relating to a one Severus Snape.” They announced proudly, before wincing almost theatrically.

“Ah, honestly we’re kind of getting our hopes up now too,”

“Since he was once a fellow prankster and all,”

“It was kind of really sad to think he went crazy or dark in the end,”

“When he started out putting limerick powder in Snape’s cereal at breakfast, you know?” They shrugged helplessly, but Harry could practically see the room melt around them, any hesitation or doubt slipping away and replaced with winces of pity and sympathy.

It hit very hard, after all, seeing the cheerful Weasley twins standing in the middle of the warm Gryffindor common room and being forced to draw a very grim comparison. They way they’d phrased it, the way they’d told their tale… it was a direct line to place them into the same shoes Sirius Black was wearing.

A Gryffindor prankster, someone who hated Snape and was in it for the laughs…

…to a man in Azkaban for serious crimes. Crimes that they were now realizing, he might not have even committed.

It was almost impossible to imagine it being the twins instead, but that was exactly the picture they’d painted for everyone now. If you could imagine it, then at the very least it made your stomach turn in anxiety and sadness at the horrific fate to people who seemed… innocent.

The twins were the last people you’d want to send to Azkaban, since it’d take away their laughter. And that laughter was not just a critical part of who they were, but it also kind of felt like a key makeup of who Gryffindor house was too.

“Let’s just hope Filch doesn’t actually show up to the trial-”

“-with stacks of papers outlining every detention Mr. Black once got,”

“Or it’ll be a ten-hour session going over every time he tried to feed Snape to the giant squid!” The twins were now laughing to each other, doing their tennis match thing to their own delight. Despite it feeling like it was all for fun though, Harry knew they were doing more for Sirius’ innocence than Harry had so far besides selling his soul to the Greengrass family.

They were humanizing him.

They were making Sirius Black feel like another Gryffindor with each story they told, and whether they learned of these things from a filing cabinet or Padfoot himself via the map, it didn’t matter. No one would ask them how they knew all of it, not in this tower… but people would believe it anyway.

Harry wanted to do it too and found himself speaking before he could think better of it.

“He was a beater too,” He admitted, everyone around him snapping around from where’d they’d been mostly watching the twins to look at him in surprise at that news, even Fred and George who blinked. Clearly they hadn’t known that little bit, but Moony had mentioned it in passing. “My dad was a chaser… he was a beater, their year.” He explained a bit quietly.

The twins blinked but then beamed once more.

“Even more a kindred spirit then!”

“If he does end up innocent I feel like we have to meet him!”

“It’s too crazy a coincidence not too, right?” They flailed dramatically.

“If he’s made innocent then you have to invite us over, Apples!”

“We need his autograph for this one prank in particular he allegedly pulled—”

“Even McGonagall’s signature is on that detention slip so I’m dead curious,”

They continued to gush about it but Harry could feel himself smiling more as the rest of the tower seemed to drift into their own conversations, but most of the initial tension of this reveal had already disappeared. The twins acting like it was already a forgone conclusion that Sirius would be innocent and that they wanted to meet him over the summer when obviously Harry would be living with him…

Yeah, by morning Gryffindor’s opinion on this trial situation would be set in stone.

Because the lions decided what was right, after all.

Even if, in this instance, there was a whole lot of Slytherin in the background making sure it all went smoothly.





Chapter 73: Book 2 : Envy : 40


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



“Lucius.”

He didn’t need to know what Narcissa wanted to talk about, he had the paper in his hands and was mostly through the article already. The most interesting article that had crossed their breakfast table in almost a decade, honestly.

He did take note that she did not have a paper in-hand, yet seemed perfectly aware of the situation already going by how primly she sat in her normal chair, accepting the teacup an elf handed her. She never ate much breakfast on days she was particularly busy, so clearly this was not the news to her that it was to him.

“Sirius Black? Really?” He sniffed, laying down the paper and taking his own coffee for lack of a better option. “There had to have been better options than that.”

“Given the boy isn’t already adopted by someone else I can only assume I beat you to the punch then.” She snipped and he couldn’t deny it. His own plans of manipulating other pureblood names into taking an interest in the boy had clearly taken too long.

He wasn’t that upset over losing this particular battle with his wife; over the years he’d lost and won several bouts of varying importance to him. Being able to be a win and lose with grace had been a key to their happy marriage, after all.

No, what he was genuinely concerned about now was how on earth she’d actually done this. They’d talked about Sirus’ supposed innocence back when Draco was still a toddler, but despite their combined brainstorming and half-hearted attempts to probe the situation, had come to the conclusion it was not possible to broach the topic of a trial safely. Which implied she’d either found a new solution, or had done something that was in fact not safe at all, which was a great cause for concern.

He knew better than to outright ask though, or she’d get defensive and then a bit peeved at him for meddling too much.

“It seems I’ve been beaten, but that only remains true if this trial actually happens, much less if he is found innocent and sane. I do doubt he’s truly guilty of at least betraying the Potters, but Pettigrew? Not to mention he was hardly sane as a Hogwarts student much less what the years in Azkaban have done to him.” He pointed out, fully aware she likely already knew this.

True to form she didn’t blink, her grey eyes measuring him with a warmth he only rarely got to see, but it was a welcome sight.

“Leave that to me. In the meantime, I would like to ask a favor of you while you’re at Hogwarts today.”

He sighed, knowing it was no use to put up a fight now that he’d clearly been defeated. Gone was the chance to try and outsmart her, now was the time to work as a team once again.

“Of course dear.”

That earned him a rare, genuine smile that brought him his own share of happiness on this rather cloudy morning.

000

Without warning, Minerva found herself with three people in her office that she would never have imagined would be there at the same time. Much less that for some reason, everyone seemed to know what was going on except for her.

She’d woken up as if this were any other day—and oh how utterly wrong she’d been.

She was supposed to escort her lions to breakfast under the new lockdown rules, however she’d barely gotten her spectacles on when she’d received a patronus from the headmaster, about aurors in the castle. In his office, specifically.

By the time she’d gotten there, before she’d even had a chance to really grasp what was going on, Albus was already gone and Lucius Malfoy in all his sneering glory was standing before the headmaster’s desk with an annoyingly confidant smirk. Minerva chose to ignore the three aurors in the room going through the headmaster’s bookshelves and desk rather bluntly, despite recognizing two of them as past students of her own house, one of them looking up and nodding a greeting to her.

“Mr. Malfoy, I assume there is an explanation for this.” She said by way of greeting and he offered her a rolled parchment almost casually.

“I’m here on behalf of the school board. Auror Adams here represents the Minister, however given the nature of the visit I am his escort while on Hogwarts grounds before making the introduction.” Lucius intoned dryly.

Minerva glanced at the parchment and felt her temper flare, but kept it firmly in check. “It is the school board’s decision then, to resign Albus from his position? Ignoring our summons for ministry assistance with this petrification issue and going straight to his removal?” She clipped sharply, Adams giving her a wry smile of apology.

“Sorry Professor, but we’re here now. I’m sure Dumbledore will be reinstated as soon as we find this thing.” He looked almost no different than the boy she’d given detention to almost fifteen years ago as he sheepishly apologized, and she knew it wasn’t entirely his doing. There was no way the school board had unanimously decided to vote Albus out without Lucius pulling some strings; she knew for a fact half of them were too afraid of being petrified themselves to remove the protection they considered Albus Dumbledore to be.

No, the timing was all the machinations of this particularly infuriating Slytherin, Minerva was sure of it.

She pressed her lips into a thin line.

“It seems for the time being I am acting Headmistress then. I will cooperate with the investigating aurors and leave you to search this office, but once you are finished you will all return to my office to discuss proper protocol. There is new information you will need while you conduct your search, but more than that I will not have you frightening the students even more than they already are by wandering around recklessly. Do I make myself clear?” She commanded sharply, all the aurors in room stiffening.

“Yes professor,” They agreed easily, like they were still students.

She gave a silent sigh, before returning an icy look to an irritatingly unbothered Lucius.

“Mr. Malfoy, with your business on behalf of the school board complete and Albus removed from office, is there a reason you are still here?”

“There is, actually. It is unrelated to the true reason of my visit.” His cold eyes seemed to be getting a little too much enjoyment from the way her jaw flexed. “It appears you’ve not seen the news this morning. Please allow me a bit of your time to bring you up to speed?” He smirked.

She held her tongue.

“My office.” Was all she could get out as she removed herself from the headmaster’s office to let the aurors conduct their search. She knew Albus was not dumb enough to leave truly important things where even people actively looking would ever find them, and despite her new role she was not about to act as if that were now her space. Her office was still her office and even while acting as Headmistress it would continue to be so.

Speaking of those duties though, on her way she sent off quick patronus for the other teachers informing them of the change, and that they needed to stay with the students until she knew more for now. She was sure Severus would be in her office as soon as the students were safely in the great hall for breakfast, but she needed to deal with the Slytherin in front of her first—she’d get to the potions master later.

Thankfully, no sooner had her office door shut behind her did Lucius get to the point without prompting… or, almost the point.

“I’m sure you’re wondering why Fudge did not come personally, since he has always been a great friend to the Headmaster, not to mention very supportive and involved in all Hogwarts affairs,” He hummed, and while yes, Minerva did take note of that, it wasn’t nearly the most concerning thing at the moment.

“I’m sure the Minister has other duties to attend to rather than be personally involved in a single DMLE investigation.” She sniffed, moving to stand behind her desk though she did not sit. It was a comfort to have the separation though, reminding him that she was still in a position of power. Even if the look on his face as he casually inspected the small room around him in mild distain implied he barely considered her much of an authority at all.

“That is true, particularly today. Hogwarts gets its mail at a standard time but the Ministry gets the first issues much earlier. Fudge will be quite busy for the foreseeable future considering what the world is about to hear,” He smiled in a way that made her stomach twist, before merely withdrawing a Daily Prophet from his robes and tossing it carelessly onto her desk.

She glanced at the headline, intending to not let him witness her reaction no matter what it said so he wouldn’t get the satisfaction of that haughty attitude of his looking down on—

-- she was unable to stop herself from snatching it off the desk and choke on air as it sunk in what she was reading.

“…this is a joke.” She got out in a strangled voice. Honestly, she was praying it was.

The alternative was… unthinkable.

“It is not. Read that at your leisure but the interesting part is that he was never given a trial, so he’ll finally get one this Monday. Narcissa is particularly invested since he is her cousin after all, and as I’m sure you’re aware Mr. Potter is a dear friend of my son. Narcissa insisted I allow the boy to attend the trial of his own godfather, and as the president of the school board I should be a sufficient chaperone if you, as acting Headmistress, would permit me to take him from Hogwarts temporarily.” Lucius talked as if this were business as normal, but it was everything Minerva had to keep standing and not sink into her desk chair—and weep.

She would not shed a single tear in front of a death eater though. That was not something she would ever do.

It took her several long, precious moments to collect herself, but it was too much even for her. From losing Albus to being Headmistress in less than twenty minutes, to this…

And suddenly, before she could find her voice, things got even worse somehow.

“Minerva!” Her fireplace flashed green and then a familiar voice she hadn’t heard in years was calling for her. Someone she’d left her floo permission open to just in case, but someone who hadn’t actually appeared in those flames for upwards of nine years now.

And with the image of a young Sirius Black still fresh in her mind like a newly reopened wound, she was nearly not strong enough to be faced with a grown Remus Lupin in front of her now—looking just as panicked and overwhelmed as she felt.

In any other situation she might’ve felt a sense of relief to have someone who understood her pain, someone who probably felt it even deeper than she did honestly. This moment was potentially the worst moment he could’ve chosen to reappear after all this time though, with aurors upstairs and headed their way here any minute as well as Lucius bloody Malfoy standing in her office and turning to give the new arrival a distinctly disgusted, albeit mildly surprised look.

“Remus,” She managed to get out, though her tone was strangled. Remus went from looking at her to realizing Lucius was also there, and paling significantly.

“Ah. The werewolf.” Lucius noted with a blankness that set Minerva’s already frayed nerves on edge and Remus stiffened sharply. The blond surprised them though by merely lifting a brow. “I suppose you are involved with this in some way.” He allowed. Both in tone but also deciding as if on the spot not to object to his presence here.

Surprising grace aside, Remus was clearly on a mission and decided the audience didn’t matter.

“I can only guess you are both well aware of what I’m here about then.” He frowned, glancing at his old professor with wide eyes and it was everything she had inside of her not to flinch.

“We are.” She cleared her throat, setting the prophet down pointedly. “It’s good to see you again, Remus. It truly is.” She shot him a calm, but stern look. “However now is not the time.”

“Actually now is exactly the time,” He shot back, a fire she hadn’t expected from him flaring in his gaze. “Does Harry know yet!?” He demanded.

Right… Harry.

Breakfast would start in a couple minutes, she was sure he’d learn about this any moment now. And when he did… she knew there was no telling what his reaction would be. She wasn’t even sure he fully understood who Sirius was.

The idea he was about to learn made her heart ache.

“If he doesn’t then he’s about to when the morning mail arrives.” She allowed. “I understand you’re worried about him but now it not the appropriate time to make introductions when he’s about to witness something like this, whether he’s ready to or not.” She argued, not understanding when Remus openly balked.

“Whether he’s ready to? Minerva have you met Harry!?” he spluttered.

She paused, heart skipping a beat.

“I have, yes… have you?” She was realizing some things when the werewolf winced, looking to the side briefly before getting a stubborn look on his face. He’d been a better liar as a student.

Or maybe he’d only ever been confident when he’d had James and Sirius at his sides to back his lies up.

He didn’t answer, changing the subject bluntly. “I’m sorry for barging in here so suddenly but I need to speak to Dumbledore immediately! If this trial happens then Harry has to be there.” He demanded, and Minerva was taken aback at the sense of déjà vu.

Lucius cleared his throat, catching Remus’ attention—and visible caution too as he remembered the man was there.

“In that, we actually share a goal. I am here as a representative of the school board to request the boy be permitted to leave to attend this trial.” He intoned, ignoring the shocked reaction to that. “I’m not sure what argument you were about to make, but frankly I’m a far more trustworthy chaperone than someone such as… yourself.”

The very blatant once-over he got made Remus clench his jaw for a moment but since it was a painfully true fact, he couldn’t openly argue.

“And your interest is purely because Draco is Harry’s friend?” He accused quietly, Minerva once again wondering how the hell Remus had known that… but knowing the answer wasn’t that hard to put together.

Oh Harry… I’m glad you found each other.

Lucius looked down his nose, seeming very unimpressed a werewolf was speaking back to him right now, and clicked his tongue against his teeth. “It is partly the reason perhaps, but may I remind you Black is my wife’s cousin. Should the boy get his godfather returned to him then he’d practically be family, no?”

The way he’d said it made both Gryffindors want to shudder, and they barely kept their glares off their faces. Lucius didn’t seem to mind though, almost basking in their mutual ire. He seemed to take a lot of pride in getting under both their skins at once.

“I suppose a grander reason would be beyond you,” Remus’ tone was polite but by the way the Malfoy’s brow twitched Minerva really wished the werewolf had left the sass at home this once.

“Enough. I agree that should he wish to, I will permit Harry absence from Hogwarts to deal with this as it is a family matter. It will be up to him though.” She announced, and seeing Remus’ confused look she clarified. “Dumbledore has been suspended for the time being in response to ongoing issues here in the castle. I am acting as Headmistress temporarily so it is my permission to give. Remus, I understand you are invested but I do have to allow Mr. Malfoy to be the chaperone if needed. I could not allow a student to leave the school during the semester without being accompanied by a parent or guardian, or in this case an official school representative.”

The words felt blatantly awful on her tongue, because she’d known James Potter once. She’d known him well, she’d practically raised him like she did with many of her lions.

And James Potter fully considered Remus Lupin more than a guardian for his son; for all intense and purposes they were brothers. To tell this young man he wasn’t felt like each word was being spit directly onto James’ grave and the heart inside her chest hated herself for it.

But she had no choice.

She was genuinely apologetic and tried to make that clear in her tone, and thankfully Remus didn’t argue. Though the frustration within him was nearly tangible to the entire office, Minerva could only share in it silently.

“Thank you, Professor. I assure you he’ll be returned promptly after the trial.” Lucius inclined his head cooly, and Minerva wanted to raise her hackles again but knew there was nothing this man would truly do. He’d brought Harry to the school when he missed the train at the start of the year after all, and despite her knowing in her bones that he was up to something, she had faith it wasn’t at Harry’s expense at least.

And Harry really did deserve the right to see what became of his godfather. She really hoped that by giving him an option and not telling him he had to go, that he’d actually choose to stay in the castle while this went down but… she knew he wouldn’t.

They all knew he wouldn’t.

“I will need to ask the both of you to leave for the time being, as I’ve only just taken over as Headmistress and need to secure the school against visitors while the aurors are here for their investigation.” She straightened her back and got down to business. There would be time to listen to what was churning sickeningly in her heart later, but for now she had a school worth of children to look after and a petrification monster to deal with.

Her priorities took over, and the most urgent thing was to remove Remus from her office before the aurors saw him. Next would be to inform the aurors of what Harry had told her about the monster potentially moving within the walls, and then inform the teachers and the school body of what was happening, both with Dumbledore and the investigation. All of this preferably needed to happen before breakfast ended so she could announce it to the students directly all at once, and there wasn’t much time as the great hall doors had probably just opened for breakfast.

She looked to the werewolf pointedly and she could tell he got the message by the alarm flashing across his face. He hadn’t known there were aurors here and if they saw him now of all times, he would be taken for questioning related to Sirius’ trial. If Minerva recalled correctly, those aurors upstairs had been at Hogwarts the same time as him, if not several years older… there was almost no chance they wouldn’t remember who he’d once been friends with.

After all, the Marauders had been infamous to everyone that knew them, ever since they pulled their first prank at their own sorting ceremony.

From they day they arrived until the day they left they’d been a headache and a half… but even mentally complaining she couldn’t help but be rather fond about those memories too.

It was that fondness that gnawed a hole in her stomach though, because to her knowledge no one had seen Remus Lupin in almost a decade. That he was suddenly back the exact morning Sirius Black was announced to be getting a trial, and many people being very aware of their connection… it was too much of a coincidence.

Even to her, as Minerva was very much wondering what on earth Remus had been up to all this time, if he wasn’t involved or if…

She shook it off.

Later.

“Mr. Malfoy, I will speak to Harry and give him the option, so when it is time to attend—”

“PROFESSOR!”

All three of them jumped as the door slammed open. It would’ve been way more amusing to see Lucius Malfoy so taken off guard if Minerva weren’t horrified that yet again, someone was barging into her office. The lack of control she had over this situation, over everything that had happened since she first opened her eyes this morning, was making her bitter that it wasn’t socially acceptable to start drinking so early in the morning. It was really making her regret ever agreeing to be deputy headmistress.

This particular interruption was her own fault though, as Harry had stopped knocking at some point and she hadn’t kept on top of correcting him about it, so eventually he’d taken it as free license to charge in whenever he wanted. Normally he at least attempted to look in first to see if there wasn’t someone else here before throwing the door open without hesitation if there wasn’t, permission to enter received or not. Today he didn’t seem to care at all, given he had likely just received some very alarming news and wanted her attention about it immediately.

Any other day, she would’ve welcomed him in and offered him some tea to explain the whole situation in a much gentler, kinder way. Speaking as teacher-to-student, as a mentor who wanted to help him through this the way they had spoken a hundred times before.

Not today though. Not with so many people suddenly appearing in her office and increasing the chaos ten-fold each time. Not with Remus within arm’s reach and the hyperawareness that aurors were walking down to her office at any moment causing her to feel physically ill. Not while Lucius Malfoy was standing there observing the whole situation and surely looking for any crack in their armor—any weakness on her part specifically that he could use against them all.

Not while she could barely think about why this was all happening around her without feeling like she needed to lie down… or just cry.

“Mr. Potter!” she shot out and he froze in the doorway at her tone, before his eyes bugged out when he realized she was not alone.

“Oops,” He had the audacity to realize his mistake but seemed annoyingly unrepentant about it. But then he did a near comical double-take and inhaled sharply when the full situation sunk in. “Moony!?”

Which essentially confirmed her suspicions, unfortunately.

Even worse, hearing Harry Potter say that old nickname brought memories back to her she really couldn’t afford to deal with right now.

“Please tell me that is not how you normally enter Professor McGonagall’s office,” Remus seemed very stressed but still somehow amused as he immediately went to the boy and pulled him from the doorway, firmly shutting the door behind them both.

Right, that was probably a good idea. Minerva waved her wand to lock the office door—no more visitors and she could get them out of here before the aurors just walked in themselves. If they asked she’d blame Lucius and she doubted they’d really question it.

“What are you doing here!?” Harry ignored the question completely, looking rapidly between all three adults but seeming unable to look away from Remus for long, fear written plainly over his expression.

“I take it you’ve seen the morning’s paper.” The werewolf sighed with deep, resigned eyes.

“I mean yeah but you—how did you—!?” Harry stammered.

“Hogwarts gets its mail a little later than the rest of the world.” Lucius felt the need to inform the boy in a bit of a patronizing tone, and Harry’s expression shut off some.

“Ah, right… hi Mr. Malfoy.” He greeted politely, purely because he was his best friend’s father most likely, going by his posture clearly saying he was stiff about it.

Minerva hoped that would mean he’d decline the offer to let an ex-death eater be his chaperone but unfortunately knew better than that.

“Mr. Potter I can explain everything to you later if you’d like but for the time being I’m going to ask you to return to-” Minerva cut herself off, suddenly remembering the lockdown rules and knowing she couldn’t very well send him back through the halls unattended. He’d already broken the rules but coming here alone in the first place. “Actually, how did you get here? One of the teachers should’ve been escorting Gryffindor to breakfast right about now?” She frowned disapprovingly and he gave an awkward laugh, but didn’t answer.

“Well, about that…”

“We will deal with that later, I assure you, but given the situation I will walk you back to the great hall personally. Gentleman, while it’s been a pleasure, as I’m sure you can see I’m rather busy at the moment and we can continue this conversation later. Via owl, preferably, given the investigation.” She came around the desk to attempt to guide Harry out, shooting Remus a significant look. He winced, but got the message that he needed to leave before she unlocked that door, just to be safe.

“But wait, Professor-!” Harry tried to interrupt and quailed under the mild glare she shot him.

“Now is not the time, Mr. Potter! I understand this is quite overwhelming but give me an hour and I can explain properly,” She spoke it as an order but was internally pleading with the boy to understand. The stress was getting to her.

“I—okay fine, but can I just—can I talk to Moony for a second?” He pleaded, emerald eyes pleading right back at her and she wondered for a moment if she was strong enough to actually say no. Especially when he grabbed the werewolf’s hand to cling on for dear life and going off Remus’ expression… she really doubted she was cold-hearted enough to actually break them apart now.

She wasn’t sure if she was lucky she wasn’t forced to make the decision though, when the elder Malfoy interrupted once again.

“Hogwarts will be in chaos for a little while yet, while the investigation is underway. As acting headmistress you’ll be tasked with the whole school instead of one student, so how about I take the boy now? We can explain everything and give him some space before the coming ordeal.” He offered silky, and Minerva wanted to tell him to fuck off but bit her lip.

Especially because it wasn’t the worst idea. Not a good idea, but not a bad one.

“Mr. Malfoy-” she began to tell him no.

“Take me where!? To the trial?” Harry was unfortunately too clever for his own good and caught on to what was happening immediately, eyes going wide. “I get to go!?”

She held her natural reaction in tensely, offering a single stiff nod. “Yes. Mr. Malfoy here, as a Hogwarts representative from the school board, has offered to accompany you Monday. If you choose that is, you don’t have to--”

“I want to go,” He latched onto the offer immediately like they all knew he would, expression set in determination.

“Very well.” She knew she could not stop him—she didn’t have the right to even ask him not to go, despite how she hoped he wouldn’t need to witness something like this. She almost couldn’t stomach the thought of it herself, much less letting a twelve-year-old see it.

“I will be your chaperone then, and see you safely there and back.” Lucius so graciously declared, smirk making her hackles rise. “The offer I just spoke of was if you’d like to come with me now instead of waiting out the weekend here. Narcissa and I would love to have you again, and of course answer your questions. As you know, my wife is Mr. Black’s cousin so she would be a good authority on certain things. With the ongoing auror investigation into the petrification business, the acting headmistress and other professors will surely be too busy to attend to you, but I assure you we will not.” He spoke to Harry but eyes pointedly drifted to McGonagall’s to make his point.

Even if she wanted to sit with him and explain everything, she was going to be neck deep in work juggling being headmistress during the investigation while also still being the Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor house—who were undoubtedly about to be nightmares to handle with aurors on-site as well as going insane once news of the trial broke to them. Her duty was to the whole school, not to one student… no matter how it pained her, she likely wouldn’t have the time she just promised him to explain everything as gently as she wanted him to hear it.

But how the hell would the Malfoys be better!?

She could see Harry was tempted only because of the answers he wanted, but not actually that convinced either. They all knew if he went back to the great hall now, he’d have to face the entire student body asking him questions about a man he didn’t know, nor would he have any more answers than anyone else. It would be an unpleasant experience surely… but he was also not stupid nor overly trusting just because these were his best friend’s parents they were talking about. His curiosity was probably dire but also not quite that dire to actually accept the offer.

Unfortunately, Lucius seemed to know this and casually waved a hand.

“Lupin you are welcome as well, since it seems you have something to say.” He offered uncaringly, but all three lions felt themselves startle.

Minerva didn’t know what he was playing at but she didn’t like it.

Because to her sinking horror and resignation, she could see it had immediately worked as intended when Harry perked up and gripped Remus’ hand even tighter. He was probably about to decline and Lucius had known that, but he wouldn’t be parted from his unofficial uncle if he could help it. He’d been presented with an opportunity that was too good to pass up, and the snake had full well known that when he offered it.

“Lucius,” Remus was of course insanely suspicious and wary of the invite, but he put his free hand around Harry’s shoulder automatically at the stronger grip, as if trying to comfort the boy. Or perhaps subconsciously protect him. “Are you sure that’s a good idea?” Though what he really meant is what are you playing at.

The Slytherin just gave a put upon sigh.

“It is of little inconvenience to me, nor do I care much for or against dark creatures. I’ve met a werewolf or so before and let’s just say you are not the most impressive nor threatening, Lupin. Come for tea, I do not care.”

Draco definitely learned his ability to look down on people while making straight eye contact from his father. The younger Malfoy made it look merely arrogant and proud—Lucius used it as a finely wielded insult that struck a nerve precisely where he wanted it to.

Minerva felt her wand still in her hand and wanted to go for it, wanted to hex this blasted death eater to the sky… but she couldn’t. If she attacked the president of the school board she’d be out of a job herself and unable to help anyone at all.

But how dare he.

How fucking dare he invoke the reminder that his old death eater pal had been the very same monster who’d made Remus a werewolf in the first place as a child.

Going by her old student’s expression, the anger written there but buried beneath a world of hurt and pain, Remus caught the reminder loud and clear.

Thankfully it didn’t seem like Harry caught it, more looking overjoyed he was actually given permission to leave in the company of a werewolf... thrilled with the prospect that the Malfoys were not as bigoted as everyone definitely thought they were. Minerva supposed it was a bittersweet development in Harry’s eyes: the Malfoys were not tolerant of anyone, but they were not particularly more intolerant to one group versus another.

“If that’s really okay, can we Moony?” He glanced up at Remus only kind of asking permission (like he already knew Remus would give in to him), and it was a true testament to how much he cared about the boy that the werewolf fixed his expression before Harry could see it. He swallowed his reaction amazingly well, pulling Harry into a half hug by his grip on his shoulder and offered a thin, but remarkably believable smile.

“If that’s why you want pup, a quiet place to speak would be great. There’s a lot to talk about,” He assured him kindly, and…

Minerva had to look at the fireplace they were about to leave through instead of them, or she’d break.

Remus Lupin was a better man than most.

“Thank you for letting us impose then, Lucius.”

“It won’t be for long, I assure you.”

They finished the exchange while Minerva found her grit once more, turning and addressing Harry pointedly with a stern look.

“I expect no trouble from you while outside the school, Mr. Potter. And you will return promptly as soon as you are able to, understood?”

“Yes professor!” He promised, gripping Remus’ hand tightly as they followed Lucius lead towards the fireplace.

“That goes for you as well, Mr. Lupin.” She startled him by addressing him outright, golden eyes blinking widely at her just like they once did when he’d gotten caught out after curfew all those years ago. She offered him a stressed turn of her lips she hoped was more of a smile than she felt it probably turned out to be. “I wish we could’ve met again under better circumstances so please stay out of trouble yourself before we can speak properly once more.” She instructed with no room for argument, like she did with all her students.

Thankfully it seemed to work and he offered her an understanding look back.

“I’ll do my best, Minerva. Thank you,” He didn’t just mean her permission.

“Of course.” She nodded, then again to Lucius as he politely bid his own farewell. Harry was clearly overwhelmed and had no idea what lay ahead of him as he shot her a smile and a wave—and just like that they all slipped out her fireplace, leaving her office blissfully quiet once again.

…she sunk down into her chair, shooting a distracted spell at the flames to close her floo access entirely for a moment. She just… she needed one moment.

She would not cry.

There was so much to do, and aurors would be knocking at her door and wondering why it was locked in a couple minutes, so this brief moment of quiet was all she could afford… she had to do her duties as a deputy headmistress, especially at a time like this. She couldn’t keep the door closed and put her head in her hands, surrendering to the tidal wave of nameless emotions that wanted to rip her under right now.

Maybe later.

Maybe tonight when she had a moment to herself after dinner, when she could pour half a bottle of fire whiskey and let herself finally feel the horror and the pain. The memories of students she’d had so long ago would tear her to pieces she was sure, but it wouldn’t be where anyone could see it hurt her.

Truth be told… she didn’t want to know. It had been years and while it still ached, while there was melancholy and solemn toasts raised in quiet corners to those who remembered them, she already spent a lot of time grieving and coming to peace with the memories of James Potter and Peter Pettigrew. She’d buried them years ago, both in the ground and in her heart, laid her worse grief to rest alongside them eventually and could now think more fondly about them most times. She could tell Harry stories of his father with a fondness she only reserved for those not around to see it and the entire conversation would feel warm, if only just a little sad in some corner of her smile.

Even Remus to a point… she’d let him go when he disappeared, knowing he wanted nothing to do with her after she refused to help him get Sirius a trial back then. Minerva had never once been afraid of the werewolf, not even in his wolf form as back then he’d been a child—she might’ve had more caution for a fully grown wolf but Remus was just a boy, his wolf just a puppy too, and hadn’t posed her or the other teachers much harm at all. Not to mention him willingly locking himself up, his hatred of his own condition turning his wolf against himself each full moon… Remus’ wolf had always been incomparably weaker than any other werewolf you might encounter. She’s seen Greyback and others who’d fought with him in the war… the young wolf under her care had always been sickly and thin in comparison—a creature that yelped and screamed instead of roaring.

She had only ever feared him once, and it had nothing to do with him being a werewolf.

The last they’d spoken, they’d… well it hadn’t been a conversation, it had been a devastating shouting match. Mainly on his part, at her… when he’d been unable to believe she wouldn’t help him. Wouldn’t help Sirius.

She bit her lip and leaned her hands onto her desk heavily, trying not to let the warring guilt and horror consume her.

If she were being horrifically honest… and she would never be able to be this honest to anyone but herself, in the safety of her own mind…

…Sirius Black had been her favorite.

She could re-write history all she wanted, she could mourn and be free to talk about the charming James Potter and sweet little Peter Pettigrew all she liked, but it wouldn’t change the horrible truth that she’d never admitted nor shown.

They weren’t the boy with big silver eyes that had never once been afraid of her stern look and insisted on calling her ‘Minnie’ no matter how many detentions she’d given him about it. They weren’t the young man who was fleeing a Slytherin family and who’d sat in her office talking about his dreams of being an auror and just free of his family the moment he could achieve it. They weren’t the student who cared about quidditch just as much as she did, who got excellent grades without trying and despite being insanely flippant about it had never slacked off on his homeworks or tests—whose personality shone through the page of his essays like starlight so that they were never once a boring read. The troublemaker who almost didn’t even try to hide it from her; while the other boys would try and lie their way out of it, sometimes he’d give up halfway and laughingly ask her if she liked the prank or at least found it funny.

He was the only student who seemed to just know when she secretly did find something funny, despite her pointedly stern expression and the immediate detention she handed out instead of responding.

He didn’t do that to any other teacher. If someone else caught him rule-breaking he’d lie and try to come up with an alibi or an excuse… with her though, he sometimes caved for the fun of it. Even if he had a good alibi at moments, he still sometimes just decided to ask her what she thought of the prank like it was all greatly amusing to him.

There was a lot of love about her old students that called themselves the marauders, but she had very openly been Sirius Black’s favorite teacher, and she had tried very hard to hide the fact he’d maybe once been her favorite student. There had just never been a student so unafraid, so open and childish, yet strong and happy to be there at all times. He had not needed her in the slightest, not like Harry did… but Sirius had respected her bluntly and was a solid, resolutely bright part of her life for the years she’d known him in her class, and even afterwards as he joined the fight alongside her and the Order.

It had never once seemed to matter to him what expression she wore or the sharp words that came from her mouth, he always just seemed thrilled to see her. That big smile and dopey burst of quiet laughter, like seeing her was the greatest part of his day for how much it entertained him. Even if she were catching him in a prank and about to punish him, he always just perked up and leaned towards her like he was ready for her newest detention, not alarmed or afraid or unhappy to see her. No matter what she did or what the world threw at them, that attitude had never changed.

She didn’t have favorites, she’d made damn sure of that.

Not until Harry, at least. Harry had forced her hand to a point, and she was much older now so perhaps her heart was softer—or weaker—than it once was.

And… she knew all about missed chances. She knew all about having a student who maybe meant a little more for small, unimportant but precious reasons, and choosing never to act or let it show. She knew all about making those choices, and then suddenly it was too late and she never got the chance to tell them at all how important they’d been to her.

Just because she’d prided herself on never acting on it before Harry, that didn’t mean it hadn’t happened once or twice. Listening to the way Severus went on about it you’d think James was her favorite, but the truth of the matter was it wasn’t him… it never was despite her playing along with the assumption to this day. She’d never been able to even say the words before though, and once he was gone and the world was convinced he was a murderous madman, it had just proved to her that she was right to never have favorites again.

Because look at what her favorite student had done.

She never admitted it back then and she would never admit it now, after everything.

But that didn’t mean it hadn’t been true.

Of course she’d been in flat out denial about the news, but that night she’d been given a task to watch Harry’s muggle relatives and it was easier to focus on the task at hand than the breaking of her heart. It always was.

When Remus had finally caught up to her to beg for her help, she hadn’t been able to say anything but the party line, repeating the blank platitudes others had told her and try not to shatter over how hopeless it felt. The evidence was there after all, Lily, James, and Peter were all dead and she…

She refused to break, but she watched Remus as he broke. She hadn’t been able to do anything for him, nor for herself apparently.

Because the world was celebrating the end of the war, and yes she was relieved and had chosen to join that relief and focus on rebuilding the broken world left behind rather than the anger and disbelief that people whispered about. Anyone who had ever known Sirius Black was in disbelief, but when everyone else was saying ‘good riddance’ and ‘they’d always known he’d go crazy’, it was hard to hold onto the memories.

The memories of a young man in her class that laughed too loudly and called her ‘Minnie’ just to annoy the shit out of her.

Because three of her other students were dead, along with a dozen muggles, and there just… there was no excuse for that amount of horror. She hadn’t been able to show her favoritism out of pride before, but she would absolutely never betray herself for a murder now too.

Obviously she hadn’t wanted to believe Sirius would betray them all like that. Even now she couldn’t reconcile the memory of the boy she knew with the man who’d supposedly done those things.

But people were dead and Sirius had always been the most reckless person she’d ever met or held witness to in her life. Just because she fully believed he had never meant anyone harm, didn’t mean he couldn’t have done it. He once spilled the secret of the Shrieking Shack to Severus after all, in a fit of anger and reckless wrath, and she knew better than anyone how loyal he was to his werewolf.

But his good intentions and kind heart had never meant anything in the face of his temper, and she had given him over fifty different detentions for things he’d done that had been ‘too far’. Pranks that had crossed a line or fights with Slytherins that had been too aggressive or too inappropriate for school hallways. Despite what a kind and loyal boy he’d once been, he’d still been raised in the darkest Slytherin house of the age and he routinely went way too far with his pranks and jokes if his temper got hot enough. He didn’t see it as wrong even, and one detention was not more important to him than any other, so he never really learned either, despite her efforts.

Minerva knew in her heart, for a fact, that Sirius Black had never intended to betray James and Lily.

She didn’t know what Peter had done or if Sirius had just been driven mad by his failure to protect them and Peter had just gotten the brunt of his anger, but she also fully believed he didn’t intend to kill his quiet friend either, nor those muggles.

But Sirius Black had always been reckless, and he’d never learned what ‘too far’ really meant.

Even if as a teacher she’d favored him, Minerva had always known that ominous fact about her student. Perhaps that was also part of the reason she never let it show that she enjoyed his presence in her class the most, because she needed to hold him accountable and know that there were consequences for one’s actions.

All that effort, any attempt to instill that lesson into him… but it still failed.

She had failed, as a teacher.

And unfortunately it wasn’t her that paid the price for her not being able to teach him restraint.

When he lost control and went too far with his rage and actions, she’d taken it as a betrayal but also as an ultimate failure on her part. She had almost retired then and there, if she could’ve found the strength to leave her children. If she didn’t find meaning in what Albus had called for her to do. If she hadn’t built her entire life and sense of purpose around being an teacher.

It was… darkly ironic that every time she ended up sitting here regretting her choice to continue teaching, it was always related to Sirius Black.

Even gone from her life ten years now he was still finding ways to make her doubt her ability as an educator, when that was what had defined her very being for most of her life.

Pain.

Shame.

Guilt.

But most of all there was this indescribable fear that she had been wrong. That Sirius truly was innocent, and if that were true…

Perhaps I should retire.

She folded her hands together on her desk, closing her eyes and breathing deep. She would not cry and have her eyes red for the aurors, she would not.

If Sirius had truly been innocent this whole time, then she was the world’s worst teacher, and she did not know how she could continue to go on as she had. Surely, this would be it for her.

She couldn’t imagine bearing this shame any longer.

Then again, if he were truly guilty then she’d just allowed Harry to go off and witness this horror show firsthand. He would see the man who’d betrayed his parents, perhaps driven mad by his years in Azkaban, spew who-knows how horrific a tale for all to hear. And he’d have what, Lucius Malfoy as his only support while it happened?

She was a horrible teacher.

When will I stop failing these children?

She pressed her eyes tighter for a second, then purposefully let out a breath, and with it the tension in her shoulders, her jaw, her hands. She stood and brushed down her robes, flicking her wand to unlock the door and putting the paper still staring judgmentally up at her into the desk drawer to her left. She’d read it later.

Petrification monster first. Then to the teachers for the situation about Albus, then she’d need to address the entire student body and if she showed any sign of being shaken then they would panic. Then of course with Albus removed and his greatest enemy making headlines, she was now doubly sure Severus would be in her office at the soonest available moment he could get here. He would undoubtedly be having a very emotional reaction which meant she needed to be the level-headed one for the time being. Nothing had even happened yet, they wouldn’t know the appropriate response to have until Monday, or whenever they announced the trial’s outcome.

She would shelve it until then, since it was no use losing their heads preemptively when there was still so much else to do.

So many children she hadn’t failed yet that still needed protecting.

There was a knock and she straightened her spine, chin up and spectacles on properly as she came around her desk and gave permission for them to enter. Adams was there with one of his fellows, both looking sheepish and nodding their greetings to her.

“Thanks for letting us intrude again professor, promise we’ll be as quick as we can.” He greeted. “We’re finished with the headmaster’s office, but you said you wanted to discuss something before we started with the rest of the castle?”

“Yes, I have some information that might help. Things the students have noticed that may be related,” She agreed, proud when she didn’t waver at all. Focus on the task at hand, not her breaking heart. “Are we one short? I would like to not repeat myself.”

“Ah, Ferguson took the evidence we found in Dumbledore’s office back to the Ministry for official logging. Just some letters and stuff that mention all the odd things happening in the castle this year. They’ll get returned when this is over,” He reassured her, and Minerva knew it wasn’t like she could argue about it. Besides, once again, Albus wasn’t that dumb—those letters were probably correspondence to parents about the incidents, he wouldn’t leave actually critical things lying out like that.

She had full faith in that fact.

So, she got down to business, recounting the entire series of events as she knew them for the past year and anything unusual the teachers or students had noticed, hoping if this monster could be dealt with quickly then… then maybe she’d have a little more breathing room to deal with everything else.

000

“You will come for dinner tomorrow.” Lady Malfoy told them as she walked them to the fireplace with a blank smile. And she was informing them, not asking.

Harry was kind of regretting the offer to come to Malfoy Manor for the weekend when it became abundantly clear not ten seconds into being here that Mrs. Malfoy was the only person happy with this turn of events. Even then, ‘happy’ was a bit of a stretch, she was more just… vaguely pleased and the disgusted scrunch of her nose was now accompanied by a polite smile that Harry was forced to believe.

Despite his earlier words, Mr. Malfoy had seemed very uninterested and half annoyed there was a werewolf in his house, and Remus was smiling politely but very clearly fighting the urge to leave—or at least fighting tooth and nail to bite back on the comments he actually wanted to make. Instead he played nice too and joined in on Lady Malfoy’s small talk over tea that was, quite literally, impossible to escape from for some reason.

Thankfully, they weren’t here long. It was still late morning by the time she’d decided to let them go, but that in an of itself was kind of a miracle, since Harry fully assumed she’d insist they stay here in her clutches right until the trial itself.

As it happened, she was one of the only living (free) member of the Black family and since Sirius was her cousin it wasn’t an hour into the tea she’d made them sit for that she received a letter from the Ministry asking to speak with her. They’d played it off remarkably well but Harry knew the Malfoys had no intention of letting aurors into their home for this interview and Mr. Malfoy had no intention of letting his wife go to the Ministry alone. The idea they’d leave a werewolf and a child unattended in the manor didn’t cross any of their minds from how weird that was, so Lady Malfoy had smoothly suggested Harry remain with Remus until they were more available.

She’d said it very politely but even the Gryffindors could put the clues together that she was letting Harry stay with Remus and covering for them. If anyone else asked she would be forced to say Harry was here the entire time, otherwise Lucius would be in trouble for failing his role as designated school chaperone.

Honestly, Harry was thrilled. He got a free weekend with Remus out of nowhere! Even if the conversation he knew Moony was waiting until the second they were alone to talk about was going to suck, it was still better than being here. He’d agreed in the rush of things but he had no idea how he would’ve handled his first night in Malfoy Manor being without Draco… that seemed insanely uncomfortable frankly.

He was already uncomfortable, and they’d only been here a couple hours for breakfast and then some tea. The small talk had gone nowhere despite Mr. Malfoy telling McGonagall they would be ‘happy’ to answer all of Harry’s questions—by the time they were standing Harry still had no idea why Mrs. Malfoy was so invested in this nor any details about the trial he hadn’t already gotten from the Daily Prophet article. Something Remus had said in passing as he stiffly tried to engage in the small talk also told Harry something had happened to Dumbledore, but even directly asking hadn’t helped since Mrs. Malfoy had slipped out of answering and then cut off Moony when he’d tried to answer instead.

It was good their time was cut short as Harry had a headache already and knew he wouldn’t be able to last here much longer.

Still, repeat of being trapped in Malfoy Manor aside, Harry had Remus beside him this time, so he wasn’t actually that mad about it. He didn’t enjoy being trapped in tea parties with Lady Malfoy much but having Remus beside him was a great comfort since Moony also seemed to be very far out of his depth and just as unsure of the situation as Harry was. So, while Harry felt slightly guilty in being happy they were sharing this misery, it didn’t stop the fact he felt better not to be going through this alone.

“Thank you for the hospitality Narcissa,” Remus was far more gracious about it than Harry was, or maybe he was just a better actor. “I don’t mean to impose.”

“Lucius is technically in charge of Harry’s wellbeing during this outing, we can’t very well send him off without checking in once a day at the very least. You coming here is actually more convenient of course.” She blinked slowly, not accepting the thanks but honestly Harry appreciated she wasn’t even hiding the ulterior motive. They were still letting a werewolf into their house without much other issue, even if they weren’t overly friendly about it.

“You will need this,” Mr. Malfoy had remained mostly silent, letting his wife do most of the talking but unlike before had remained present the entirety of this visit. He handed Harry a trinket that startled him but took obediently. It was a simple silver disc no bigger than a knut hung on a black cord laced with silver. “Unaccompanied by someone of Malfoy blood you would be unable to enter the wards and come in through the floo. That will allow you access—as well as a passenger.” He explained.

Still kind of an asshole move, since he was pointedly saying Harry was invited—Remus only as a technicality because Harry wanted him there.

Still, they weren’t saying Remus wasn’t welcome at all.

Baby steps, and whatnot.

Anyone else in the world and Harry would be pissed about how they were speaking to his unofficial godfather but… given the context and who this was, he was more just shocked Mrs. Malfoy hadn’t used the silver tea set to serve them their breakfast. He knew she had one after all, since that’s how he’d been served last time he was here.

He knew he was biased both ways, between his godfathers and Draco’s parents but… it was just a balancing act that’d need to keep happening probably. Because Mrs. Malfoy seemed extremely interested in Sirius’ freedom and kept mentioning they were cousins every twenty minutes so clearly she was not about to just let any of them go if the Black heir suddenly regained his freedom. Harry only partially believed it was an inheritance thing since Lady Malfoy did not need more money and never would, but was way more concerned about whatever secret agenda she had going on.

No, she was up to something, but then again most Slytherin families were now that the news had broken. Whether he liked or not, whether he’d been sorted into Gryffindor or not, Sirius was still the Black heir and would devastate the political landscape of Slytherin families just by being alive and walking around free… even if he was only half sane from Azkaban in the end. For good or bad, Harry expected everyone to be up to something for a while as they tried to use this trial to their advantage, it was not a shock at all the elder Malfoys were in on it too.

It was both good news and bad news that Mrs. Malfoy seemed to want to be involved. Bad news because that meant she would be involved no matter their opinions on the matter, even if that meant a lot more stiff tea parties and awkward meals in their future. The good news being that she seemed fully aware that Harry and his godfathers seemed to be a package deal, and if she wanted Sirius around then she was going to need to deal with Remus too. After all, not an hour after the news had broken did the they invite a literal werewolf into their manor, which going by the shock on McGonagall’s face when Mr. Malfoy had done it, wasn’t just insane to Harry but was actually in fact a crazy turn of events.

Mrs. Malfoy wanting to be involved meant they’d all be involved against their will, but it also meant she wanted to be on their better sides and make things go as smoothly as possible. Which was not a terrible thing… it’d be annoying, but it wouldn’t be bad, Harry didn’t think.

He was sure both he and her had the same mental image of, someday, the three Malfoys hosting a meal with Harry and both his godfathers here in the manor. Harry was sure she was pleased with this idea and he didn’t hate it but he also knew it’d be the most awkward meal in the history of the world probably.

She had too many excuses to make it happen though. Harry being Draco’s best friend, Sirius being her cousin, the ‘proof’ they were creating now that they ‘welcomed’ Remus…

Yeah there was no escaping this.

He didn’t really know how to feel about it but he was at least comforted that Mrs. Malfoy seemed very convinced Sirius was going to be found innocent and let walk free in short order. If nothing else, that was great news.

“Thank you,” He said to his hosts as he put the disk around his neck, playing polite since that was the only defense he had here.

“Dinner will be served at six, so you will be here at five.” Narcissa nodded to them stiffly, then gestured to the fireplace as if telling them to go without much of a goodbye.

Harry didn’t really need one either.

“Yes ma’am,” He agreed, taking Moony’s hand as he pulled him in for a side-along trip. He knew they couldn’t enter Remus’ bookcase fire so he actually had no idea where they were going.

“Thank you again; until tomorrow then,” Remus bid them off and then the world erupted into flames.

Harry didn’t let go of his hand but as they landed at wherever they’d gone, he pulled up his hood as the flames cleared and he disappeared beneath his invisibility cloak. Moony obviously noticed but didn’t react, squeezing his hand tighter.

They were in a rather abandoned pub Harry didn’t recognize at all, kind of filthy honestly and only one figure slumped at the bar but no tender or other patrons in sight. Still, better safe than sorry.

Especially as he was pulled to the door and they entered the chilly air of a small town, clearly magical going by the loopy signs and businesses selling potions and magical items. Not Diagon or any side alley close to it, the air was more open and colder—crisper. Not close to London at all probably, but in the countryside somewhere.

Then, as he glanced around he saw Honeydukes in the distance behind them.

“Is this Hogsmeade?” He whispered, and Moony half smiled though was mainly pretending he was walking alone.

“Yep. You’ll be able to explore it more next year, but for now let’s get to the edge of town. We can apparate from there.”

“Are we going back to Mr. Benson’s farm?”

“We are, I haven’t had a chance to move yet. I still have a couple weeks left.” Remus smiled for real that time, Harry’s spirits lifting. He thought he’d have to say goodbye to that place forever, so this was unexpected but… happy.

Side along apparition wasn’t as happy, but then they were on that familiar country pathway and Harry knew his way to the forest path by the edge of the road that would lead to the warm shack like that back of his hand. Which, he made visible again once beneath the shade of the forest, and was about to run ahead to beat him there when Moony’s grip tightened and pulled him back.

He was about to ask before he was suddenly in a tight hug and he blinked at the still-sparse canopy above them.

“Moony?”

“…I’m sorry.” The werewolf confessed tiredly, and Harry put his arms around him to hug back.

“What for? I… kind of already knew this was coming you know. Some of my Slytherin friends told me.” He admitted. “I would’ve told you before but I wasn’t sure…” If it would happen soon, if he wanted to hear it, if it was even safe to… many things, but he just trailed off and didn’t finish the sentence, letting him fill in the blanks.

Moony released him but didn’t let go of his grip on his shoulders, giving him a look as if pleading for him to take this seriously—to listen to him for a moment.

“Harry… there is a lot of things I couldn’t do for you. Not just because of what I am, but because for a long time now I’ve been a coward. Even now I… I’m still being cowardly and weak. I’m sorry because even if I know it I can’t find it in myself to make a better choice right now.”

“What do you mean?” Harry frowned, having no idea what he was talking about. “If this is about my relatives again… Moony you know I don’t blame you for that.” He held into his sleeves pointedly with a quiet voice, but the werewolf just shook his head, kneeling on the forest floor to be face to face with him more properly.

“Not just that. I’ll never forgive myself for that, but I thank you for your forgiveness anyway. It means… everything, to me, that you’d find it in your heart to forgive me.” He offered a small, but genuine smile—it vanished just as fast as it’d appeared though. “I understand you believe in Sirius’ innocence, that you want to see him free… I understand that you’re excited to be here. If I were a stronger man I would be excited right along with you, but I’m not.”

“You know he’s innocent though,” Harry couldn’t help but mumble.

Remus’ expression… twisted, then settled into a fond smile. His gold eyes were filled with pain.

“I do.” He agreed, so quiet it sounded like it hurt. “The crazy thing is, it sounds like Narcissa believes it too, and that…”

“It’s a good sign, right!?” Harry perked up, but was quieted when Moony just cupped his face and held him still carefully.

“It is.” He nodded, but his voice wavered. “Lucius and Narcissa are… better, than I thought they were. I’m sure the credit is to you, being the bright young man you are—clearly you’ve won them over.”

“I wouldn’t say that exactly,” Harry hedged wryly.

“But you trust them?” He pressed and he paused to give that real thought, since it sounded like Remus was very grave about whatever his answer would be.

“…yeah, I do. They’re Draco’s parents and he loves them.” He admitted.

…Remus just nodded once, a small smile on his face.

“If I were a stronger man… I would’ve let you stay with them until the trial.”

“Moony no! I trust them but I’d rather be here! You know Mr. Malfoy was full of shit when he said he was a better chaperone, that was all excuses and bullshit! I trust them not to do something terrible but they’re still assholes sometimes!” Harry instantly fought back, but Remus didn’t let him go, just giving a small, but sad laugh.

“Language,” He half attempted to correct him, but they both knew he barely meant it. “Harry listen to me, please.” He begged.

He pouted, “What?”

“I… I know I have no right to ask this of you, no right to put you through this but… pup I need you to be strong for me, okay?”

Harry frowned.

What… was he saying?

“I mean… yeah? Okay?” He covered the hands over the sides of his head with his own, both were pretty cold in the morning air. “Moony what’s wrong?”

The werewolf just smiled and whatever it was that he wasn’t telling him, he pulled it back and stood, ruffling his hair much to his annoyance.

“We don’t have that much time before Monday, how about we make something this afternoon to take our minds off it for now.” He suggested, the blatant change of subject obvious but Harry was pretty tempted by not only the promise of baking with Moony again and getting to eat something sweet later, but also avoiding the elephant in the room of Sirius and the trial. He hadn’t been looking forward to that conversation anyway, and if Remus wanted to push it off for now too and just enjoy their time together, he was on board with that plan.

A couple hours later he was happily eating a slice of chocolate cake while Remus read aloud from one of the books they hadn’t finished from Christmas, blissfully unaware of how badly he’d come to regret not asking.

000

“Lucius Malfoy, huh.”

Madam Bones gave nothing away with that response, seeming neither happy nor sad by McGonagall’s explanation of where Harry had gone. They stood in Albus’ office once again, now ransacked but still pretty neat, Amelia’s hands on her hips and seeming to be only slightly hassled by all of this.

She never seemed to be rattled by much, so even the slight impatience to her posture and that tapping of her foot was a pretty big tell to how tense she was about the situation before her.

She had always seemed younger than she was, her round face and blue eyes and sunny blond hair had made her seem very feminine and delicate as a student. However she was anything but: she’d been a beater on the Hufflepuff team and broken more bones than half of Slytherin team before she graduated, and despite never intending to marry or have children herself had taken Susan in as a toddler when her sister and brother-in-law had died in the war, all the while fighting as an auror on the front most lines, without ever missing a step. Everything she did, she had this iron-like attitude to it.

She wore her soft, halo-like blond hair in tight French braids, and her youthful, cherub face very rarely had anything but a firm frown on it. If you saw her on the street you might at first think she sold flowers for a living.

One word out of her mouth and you knew she would absolutely throw a punch before offering you a smile.

Minerva had not been shocked at all when she’d become the head of the DMLE before the age of forty, it wasn’t like there were many others in the entirety of the Ministry who could match her ferocity, much less her skill with a wand.

So despite being once a student like many were, it was clear Amelia gave zero shits about their old dynamic. She was the head of law enforcement in their world and despite once grading her papers some twenty years ago, Minerva stood up straight and was the epitome of polite when the head auror appeared before her now, asking sharp questions.

“He is a school representative and Mr. Potter expressed a desire to go. Staying in the castle would’ve been difficult in a time like this. The entire school is talking about it and the boy only just learned he had a godfather at all with this morning’s article, along with everything else.” Minerva felt the need to defend herself. She hadn’t imagined that the DMLE head would come herself, much less that she’d ask for an audience with Harry directly. She felt a little put on the spot that she’d actually let him go with Lucius… it would look like a ridiculously stupid thing to do, if you didn’t know that Remus was with him.

And Minerva had no intention of telling Amelia that Harry had left with anyone aside from Lucius this morning.

Madam Bones just shook her head. “I’m not judging, I’m just wondering what he’s up to this time.” She dismissed, and both women shared a brief moment of commiseration since Minerva also wondered… but it wasn’t like they could do anything about it.

“If you still need to speak with Mr. Potter, I’m sure it could be arranged.”

Though they both knew the chances of her being invited into Malfoy Manor before Monday was almost non-existent.

Amelia waved it off. “It’s not urgent, it can wait until after the trial even. I agree that this is probably overwhelming for a boy that age so honestly the Malfoys are a safe place to be right now if he went with them willingly. It’ll be quiet there at least, and no one will be able to reach him to bother him—not the Ministry or anyone else.”

Minerva frowned, not strictly liking the sound of that.

“It sounds as if nosy children asking insensitive questions should not be his only concern right now,”

The head auror just let out a breath, shoulders sinking some in defeat.

“To be honest, the Malfoys are not the only Slytherin family involved in this. It feels like everyone whose ever once worn green has been in my office in the past day trying to get something out of the situation. They’re like sharks when they sense a bit of blood in the water—Black being guilty or innocent or even just not getting a trial in the first place is clearly causing mayhem in the snake world.” She explained jadedly, and McGonagall blinked. Harry had spoken of Slytherin politics before, but hearing it on a Ministry level was… foreboding. “It’s not just them either—everyone wants their finger in this pie. It’ll be a spectacle like we haven’t seen in decades.”

“I see,” was all she could respond. Though by her tone it was clear her question was if Madam Bones was so busy, why she’d taken a trip here to ask Harry a non-urgent question.

Thankfully Amelia took the hint.

“I’ll get to the point, Professor. Some auror of the past did document what the Ministry had on Sirius Black in preparation for a trial ten years ago, which clearly got forgotten about or smothered amongst all the other death eaters being put on the stand. It’s not good.” She declared bluntly.

Minerva was proud of herself for holding her composure. If she’d started to feel hope at any point throughout the day, she stomped it out immediately and held her chin up high.

“I would figure it wouldn’t be.”

But the blonde woman before her had a look in her eyes that was both intense and… nearly apologetic.

“One thing though, was his movements before the night He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named fell. He was an auror so he was decently well tracked but there are large gaps in his whereabouts at some very telling moments.” The look darkening into something far more threatening. Cherub face or not it made the acting headmistress uneasy. “I’m not dumb, Professor.”

“You were an exceptionally bright student as I recall.” Minerva deflected, but her stomach sunk.

“High praise from you, but I more meant what my predecessor knew and what is very obvious to me now too. Dumbledore had his own faction, didn’t he?” She demanded.

Minerva couldn’t answer that.

The pause lasted quite a while before Madam Bones gave a sharp, frustrated sigh as she let her arms rest in fists by her side.

“It doesn’t matter if he did or not, the war is long over and my predecessor looked the other ways since more hands could never hurt.” She got out through her teeth, as diplomatic as possible when it was clear her patience was thin. “What I want to know is if Sirius Black was part of it.”

Before McGonagall could even form a response she was cut off.

“Minerva, if you don’t tell me the truth now then Fudge is absolutely going to use these absences to claim he was attending death eater meetings. You don’t have to confess that Dumbledore was leading it or perjure yourself but if you know anything…”

It was a threat, and she left it hanging in the air mercilessly.

…and her loyalty only lasted a moment before the memory of a boy with silver eyes had it crumbling into dust.

“A band of us did join together… to fight in our own way. A bunch of reckless Gryffindors mostly.” Minerva quietly admitted, folding her hands calmly in front of her as if she still had control over anything at this point. “My memory isn’t what it once was but give me the times and I could likely confirm he was with me… picking fights with death eaters most likely.”

Amelia seemed relieved, nodding once.

“It might come to that. Would you be willing to testify?”

“Yes.” Her voice was but a shadow of her normal strength, but she’d made her decision. She silently apologized to Albus, who thankfully was not here to witness this. “Are they not using Veritaserum?”

The blonde’s expression twisted as if the reminder of it alone gave her a headache.

“That is what I and Black’s counsel are trying to push for. It’s more complicated than that unfortunately, as its use has always been highly debated for how ethical it is… funny those parties only chime in when they want something though.” She tacked on that last part bitterly under her breath. “As it is, the prosecution is likely going to claim he’s not sane enough to use it. That it might be the truth to him, but being a Black and after all this time in Azkaban what he believes is truth might be… corrupted.”

“That…” Minerva felt her stomach twist. “Who is arguing that hard against him? Why not have a normal trial?”

“Nothing about this is normal.” She deadpanned. “Professor, you should know… those Slytherins in my office today?”

“Yes?”

“Several of them have rather suspect backgrounds themselves. For some reason, they’re the ones pushing for Veritaserum. The Zabini family has actually offered to fund the creation and validation of the potion for the court themselves.” She informed her bluntly.

Minerva froze to her core.

Ex-death eaters… wanted Sirius to say the truth?

“Meanwhile, I’ve had this on my plate for months now. I don’t know how the trial got leaked to the press, but it’s been in the works since damn near October. It’s not the snakes who kept interfering though, rescheduling and withdrawing approval to enter Azkaban, changing out appointed counsels a dozen times to continue to delay and convoluted things, evidence walking away from where it’s being stored in the DMLE…” She ranted for a moment, before trialing off and giving the acting Headmistress a significant look.

“…what would you like me to say.”

Amelia wasn’t fooled. But, she did lean off, eyes cooling significantly.

“Nothing. I’ll I’m saying… is that it’s not the snakes who did this.” She gave a blunt nod out of obligatory politeness rather than truly friendliness, moving back to the fireplace she’d come through. “Thank you for your time Professor, I’ll try and keep an eye on Harry at the trial. I thank you for cooperating with Adams in the next couple weeks as well.”

Minerva couldn’t even nod before she was gone in a flash of green flames.

…she glanced at one of the many clocks in the room and noted how very late it had gotten.



Chapter End Notes

I've literally just been listening to Baby Mine (by the The Hound + The Fox) on loop for this.





Chapter 74: Book 2 : Envy : 41


Chapter Notes

Has anyone ever seen Dumbo?





“Well isn’t this a party.”

“Oh my Amelia, what kind of parties have you been attending?” The woman in question stood from where she’d been sitting at a small summoned table, closing the folder she’d been reading to tuck it lightly beneath her armpit. She held out her arms as much as she could then, as if welcoming the head of the DMLE into the party that this was most certainly not. Her darkly painted lips wore a very charming smile that did not fit the atmosphere at all.

Madam Bones stopped before her, blowing out a breath. “Not very good ones, apparently.”

“Next time Kristoff has a gathering, you should attend. I promise you it’s better than this.” Valencia waved her off. “And you poor dear look like you could use the break.”

“Another time maybe.”

“Of course. I thank you for taking the time to meet with me here, since as you can see I’m a little… busy.” The woman glanced at the small crowd gathered around her with a smile like she found this all very amusing.

Amelia felt like she could cut the tension in the cramped hallway with a butter knife, sweat gathering at the back of her neck, so it was to her credit this woman seemed to be enjoying it all for some reason.

Then again, this wasn’t an ordinary woman by any means.

Edith Valencia was a lawyer of incredible renown, only about Amelia’s age herself but having made just as big a splash in her career as the woman who’d clawed to the head of law enforcement through sheer talent. She was calm and pleasant, but strict and very keen on ‘rule following’ as she called it, since the letter of the law always worked in a good lawyer’s favor apparently.

The key thing though was that she wasn’t scary in the traditional sense, as no one really knew what she was ever after. She didn’t belong to any existing faction so far as anyone was aware, she was just… here, sometimes.

She was not native to the UK at all, having been born in Spain and attending a Russian magical school for her education, before marrying her husband who just so happened to be an English wizard and thus decided to come here of all places. Her background meant she was most often working on cases involving international magical law, and only very rarely took cases local to one country or another. She was pretty vocal about it being more ‘fun’ when there were multiple sets of laws to work through instead of being restricted to one country.

That she had appeared as Sirius Black’s barrister for this trial was, frankly, a bit of a relief. Amelia had no idea how she’d gotten involved with this, but if this woman could acquit Dalia Zabini after how-many husbands of hers had ended up dead and somehow all of them being comfortably confirmed as accidents, then surely Sirius was in good hands.

Especially given what an utter clusterfuck this was turning out to be.

They stood in a St. Mungo’s hallway, outside what was undoubtedly the room Black was being treated in prior to the trial, made obvious by the fact there was a literal crowd of people hovering out here that all seemed stuck in a very intense standoff.

Amelia noted the five aurors from her own department hovering, aware that she’d only sent two of them as official guards but knowing the other two were likely on Fudge’s payroll by how they were looking down the hall and not at her, as if avoiding eye-contact would make her ignore their presence. The most concerning one was John Dawlish, who she knew was still in active contact with Dumbledore despite the headmaster’s current situation, though she couldn’t prove it.

Joining them was what seemed to be hired guards from half the pureblood families in Magical Britain. She didn’t have all their names memorized, nor could she point out who had been hired by who, but she was well aware many purebloods were claiming ‘family relations’ with Sirius and had installed their own ‘security’ for him. Which was all bullshit—everyone here had hoped to catch Mr. Black alone for a conversation. What they wanted out of him though varied from party to party, from those here for Dumbledore and Fudge probably trying to get him to sabotage his own trial, to whatever-is-was the Slytherins wanted, to maybe even a couple with genuinely good intentions who really did want to see the trial go off safely.

Valencia, as his lawyer, was the only one permitted to actually speak with him prior to the trial, and her presence here was the only reason the tense stand-off happening around her hadn’t toppled. As soon as she walked away, surely someone would try and force their way into where Sirius was supposed to be resting, for who-knows-what means. Hopefully the aurors she assigned here would do their jobs and prevent that, but Fudge was completely draining his back accounts in paying people off to make this trial disappear, so to be blunt Ameila had no idea who she could trust anymore.

She wanted to trust her own force but… these days she knew it was more unsafe than ever to get too complacent. Even if she was sure she had someone who wouldn’t take a bribe from Fudge, she knew there was a not-so-small chance they’d still take Dumbledore’s word over her’s if he got his wrinkled old nose involved—which he very clearly had for this nightmare.

The aurors she assigned here she was fairly confidant would say no to Fudge if he arrived and tried to force his way in, but she had a terrible suspicion they’d both crumble if Dumbledore himself showed up. Which wasn’t an impossibility unfortunately, given he’d just been forcibly resigned from Hogwarts and now had a lot of free time on his hands. One of her aurors here was an ex-Gryffindor after all, so there was almost no chance he’d put up a fight if the Headmaster played his kindly-old-man routine and just ‘wanted to check in on an old student’ or something.

Frankly Amelia had no defense against something like that, since if you weren’t a Slytherin then you most likely trusted Dumbledore implicitly. And if you were a Slytherin she didn’t want them involved for a whole other plot of reasons. It was just really annoying that Dumbledore and Fudge were firmly on the same side for once: if she thought it annoying when the Minister was being bought off by the Malfoy family, this was so much worse somehow.

But, that was why Valencia swooping in was probably the best turn of events in this mess so far, as she was an excellent buffer—and medium—between a lot of very mischievous parties lurking around. She was in a muggle dress suit with sharp shoulders and a gorgeous deep purple color, long black hair perfectly straight down her back and lethally high heels she didn’t look remotely uncomfortable in. Amelia saw the approvals and knew she’d personally escorted Sirius out of Azkaban with the aurors sent to retrieve him, all the way to this room here and likely hadn’t moved a centimeter since. Even then, she looked completely unbothered and professional for someone who’d been coordinating the defense for the trial of a century whilst simultaneously being in a stake-out for almost 40 hours now; in fact, she didn’t even look tired.

Valencia also came into this mess with her own guards, who were the two actually on either side of the door and looking just as unflappable and unaffected as their boss. At least, Amelia could assume they came as a set given they too were in muggle suits of even darker purples. She’d also heard tell of Valencia’s notable legal team, so figured those probably weren’t just guards but also legal aides or solicitors themselves that assisted with whatever she needed… their unnaturally pale skin and eerily glowing beauty compared to the rest of the obvious humans in the hallway implied they weren’t just normal solicitors either.

Not that she was questioning it—if they were more effective guards than the ones the DMLE was able to provide, all the better. At the very least it was reassuring to see them looking so unconcerned with the dozen other people around them who were just waiting for them to show an opening, some being large and clearly hired for their imposing builds. Intimidation didn’t not seem to be a winning tactic with them given their pleasant, but cold expressions.

No one was speaking to Sirius Black without Valencia’s approval, which could only be a good thing given the kind of nefarious things Amelia sensed people were plotting around this trial.

“I figured.” Madam Bones allowed her graciously, not minding the being forcecd to take a trip if it meant things went smoother. “What is so important then?”

The woman held out a hand and one of her guards placed a packet of papers into it from seemingly nowhere, handing it over to the head auror politely.

“We will be approved for Veritaserum tomorrow.” She announced, Amelia tensing as she realized the papers she now held were statements, signed by healers she recognized from St. Mungo’s.

That was…

“You’re kidding,” She inhaled, daring to hope.

“Nope. We have proof in triplicate, from three different mind healers. I have copies too, in case those and the people who signed them mysteriously go missing before tomorrow.” She smiled.

“Edith…”

“These things happen, no? Please don’t worry yourself about it, I am familiar with these sorts of games.” She tucked a long strand of hair behind her ear out of habit, eyes filled with mirth.

“I am wondering how you got into things like this,” She had to ask, feeling a little off put that the woman seemed to be enjoying this, while everyone else was stressed the fuck out. These high-stake cases were way more common in her neck of the woods with international law, so for her to be enjoying what was essentially a murder trial, really was a little out of character.

“How could I not given the intrigue of it all? I live for the exciting cases and there hasn’t been one like this in years. This country is always a little too petty and nit-picking with their big cases, and your murder trials are always too short. This one was a rare gem.” She shrugged.

“I see,” Amelia glanced down at the papers in her hands again, clutching them tighter as she read them over. This… couldn’t be true, could it? “I just… this isn’t a joke?”

“He was innocent.” Valencia lost her smile some, a more genuine but no less confident glint to her eye. “In his own words, ‘it wasn’t exactly a happy thought’, so the dementors couldn’t take it from him. I assure you it’s true… he is not a madman.”

“…rumor has it they’ve summoned Pomfrey to give a testimony.”

“She’s declined. Rather point-blankly, in fact.”

Amelia felt a tension she hadn’t known she was carrying finally start to unwind in her shoulders.

The Madam was, really, the only person who had a true testimony against Sirius’ sanity aside from hearsay and gossip about the Black family that everyone tended to blab about. A solicitor like Valencia would easily be able to cut through the bullshit that was unfounded fact and rumor, but even she would not be able to make anyone hear an argument against Poppy Pomfrey. The Madam’s word was worth that of ten St. Mungo’s healers on a bad day, and if you were under 40 you’d had her stern presence as a healer during your school days… and if you were over 40 you most likely remembered, quite vividly, where the term Battle Medic had been coined. She was not a woman anyone could really argue against, which is why it was a good thing she remained at Hogwarts and had only ever come to speak at a trial a handful of times in the last twenty years—all of them in defense of abused children, in those rare instances such matters actually made it to the Wizegamont.

Pomfrey no longer surfaced for things not pertaining to children these days, even ex-students of hers like Sirius, so it was an unfounded fear that she would appear now. Amelia couldn’t help the worry though, as despite that she’d been so sure that Pomfrey would side with Dumbledore…

Well.

Whatever the reason, the Madam was not coming to speak to Sirius’ past insanity, which left… only his current sanity, or what he might have lost during his time in Azkaban to worry about defending.

Amelia had been to Azkaban many, many times to speak with prisoners and escort people there herself as a young auror, and she’d even taken shifts there a couple times for the hazard pay when Hogwarts tuition for Susan had made things a little tight.

It was a horrible place.

Each time she went, afterwards she found herself sinking into a hot bath at home with a bottle of wine down before she knew it to try and settle her shaking hands, relying maybe too-heavily on dreamless sleep potions just to be able to get some rest after full shifts there. She was as vocal as she could be about how inhumane it was, always voting and advocating for different solutions when they came up, but nothing had ever changed and as head of the DMLE she couldn’t show weakness or hesitation when she condemned criminals to that place. She had to live with the fact that a lot of people were imprisoned in that hell because of arrests and convictions she herself had given them. She had to live with the fact that just as many of them had inevitably gone insane and died before long, much less how many had taken their own lives in the end.

The people who lived longer than a year or two in Azkaban were the truly evil, the ones who for sure committed their crimes but felt no remorse or doubt about it so the dementors couldn’t torture them with it. They were just angrier and even more wrathful than they were outside the prison since they couldn’t even enjoy their own hatred. Those that felt any amount of guilt or regret were inevitably driven insane though, or simply wasted away when they couldn’t bring themselves to eat.

Sirius Black had been in there for eleven years. He hadn’t stopped eating or run himself into his cell wall to inevitably kill himself, he hadn’t wasted away within a couple years like the aurors who once knew him thought he would, like they’d all seen countless prisoners do. The fact he was still alive as the years stretched on, inevitably the DMLE started to wonder themselves if he really were one of the ones who had no regret. Most did believe it eventually, although those who knew the man best chose to believe he’d just gone insane before he was even arrested, and his insanity was the thing keeping him alive despite the long, horrific days in a place known as hell on earth.

Amelia had always wondered though.

She remembered that brat, barely eighteen and enlisting in the auror corps. He was ten years her junior but would not shut his mouth, full of sass and attitude and could barely take orders to save his life—quite literally in fact, as his first year as a rookie auror had been full of enough close calls to give her grey hairs at 30. He’d just been so full of life and this indomitable sense of justice, this rage against the same people she also couldn’t find it within herself to stomach, it was hard to imagine him ever wasting away. It was way easier to imagine him going insane though, as he was always so ready to fly off the handle or jump into a fight without thinking twice or calling for back up.

(Or back up that wasn’t James Potter, she mentally winced.)

She’d seen him shake off a couple cruciatus like they were nothing, after all. You didn’t get that kind of resistance without being close to joining Frank Longbottom and his wife one floor up.

So Amelia had wondered, was all. Doubted mostly, but still wondered.

She’d walked by his cell a couple times. When she was in Azkaban, escorting some official or family member visiting a prisoner, when she was taking a shift as a human guard just to be sure the dementors were staying in line. Obviously she knew where his cell was, she knew where everyone’s cell was, but she would never forget his… so she walked by it sometimes.

Most of the time she heard nothing, which wasn’t unexpected. Most prisoners were lost in their own personal hells and were curled up in a corner trying to continue breathing. It was… difficult to imagine him that way, but the crime he’d committed had her ignoring that discomfort. She was the face of justice in this world after all, she would never waver just because of a personal grief.

Twice though, she’d seen him. He’d clearly come to the bars of the door out of curiosity of who was walking by, and seen her.

He looked horrible, to be blunt, but when he’d seen her, his face had been so drenched in rage it took her breath away. He would always disappear back into the cell and ignore her as she passed, not calling out to her and she didn’t say anything either, just walking by in silence and both of them pretending nothing had happened. That they didn’t know each other and he was just another prisoner, and she was just the prison’s warden.

The thing that had always bothered her was the… the clarity, of his rage. Yeah she knew he was probably mad about being imprisoned, mad at her specifically for being part of the auror corps that he’d once been part of, that had turned on him when they arrested him. She didn’t know if he knew she’d become the head of the department since he’d been locked away, but if he did then he’d know she was now the face of the department that had condemned him.

Now… realizing he’d never been given a trial, realizing there was a chance he wasn’t guilty at all and they might’ve arrested an innocent man, she knew he had more than a few reasons to be angry that the so-called face of justice had failed him so spectacularly.

If he were insane you’d think he would’ve screamed at her as she passed by his cell, like so many inmates did. That he’d always recognized her immediately and then turned away rather than do anything… it had always made her wonder, about how insane he actually was.

Holding these papers in her hands now and being told he’d never been insane was… it was…

Only the truly evil didn’t go insane in Azkaban, because they had no regret. That’s what they’d always believed, because they committed the crimes but fully believed themselves innocent, so there was nothing to drive them insane with.

But… was it possible a man could believe himself be innocent, and it actually be true? Just how on earth…

No, she had to know.

“I heard you’ve been turning people away?” She lifted her head, Valencia giving a general wave at the hallway around them—and the fifteen people all eavesdropping on them very blatantly.

“For obvious reasons, I would hope.”

“I do understand. That being said, do you mind if I visit?” She risked it, showing now hesitation or doubt in her firm request. Luckily the brunette just smiled in a way that revealed she’d fully expected the question.

“For you Amelia? Anything.” She gave a sultry hum and then gestured to the door behind her graciously, leading the way in herself. As she crossed the threshold she did also nod to her guards, likely a reminder to keep everyone else out while her back was turned, and they nodded back their confirmation of the assignment.

“Mr. Black you have a visitor! Do be on your best behavior given she holds your fate tomorrow!” Valencia called in a sing-song tone with a cheer that completely contradicted her ominous words.

“What?” came a rather scratchy voice, but then the door was shut behind her and Amelia got her first good look at the man of the hour resting in his hospital bed, blinking wide, silver eyes at her as recognition hit them both harshly.

“Bones.” His voice was rough with disuse, deeper but blank as he realized he knew this visitor a little too well.

“Black.” She greeted back, stiffly.

They… stared at each other for a long several seconds.

She couldn’t help but notice he looked much better than normal prisoners did, his face ungodly pale but more from lack of sun than being an inch from death, his hair clean and returned to chin-length as it used to be. The St. Mungo’s healers really were miracle workers because he looked noticeably ill, but not half dead as she knew he should’ve.

The most important thing though: his gaze was clear, and looking at her with justifiable wariness and conflict. He was likely unable to feel anything but despair and anger while in Azkaban, but now facing her in a place free of dementors he was probably going through a hundred emotions right now and not sure which one of them should win. The crazy part though… was that she could watch all of that happen on his face, clear as day.

Still a rookie who couldn’t hide shit from people he liked then, even after all this time. Not that he ever cared to learn back when he was an auror, and not that he had much practice in the years since, with no one to bother lying to.

Suddenly it seemed like he couldn’t take the silence.

“Amelia you have to understand-”

“Ah, ah, ah,” Valencia had moved to be at his bedside, leaning down and wagging a finger in his face and making him go cross-eyed immediately. “What was the rule again? Repeat it to me.” She scolded him half playfully, but also with a strong threatening tone that meant he would be listening to her or else.

Sirius glared at her in annoyance for a moment before rolling his eyes. Amelia knew that emotion a little too well—she’d almost never had a conversation with him where he hadn’t rolled his eyes at some order she was trying to give him.

“Sorry, Amelia, apparently I’m not allowed to talk to anyone or do anything at all,” He pouted like the brat he was, even crossing his arms in a sulk.

“That is correct: not until you’ve been declared innocent. Shut that pretty mouth and just smile for a day, it won’t kill you.” Valencia purred with a cheerily threatening smile, patting his shoulder as a reward for listening to her.

Amelia just… watched this exchange, and felt something sad but warm bloom in her chest.

She allowed herself a single, very small smile.

“It’s alright, you never had anything bright to say in the first place.”

“Oi!” Black exploded, looking indignant but his expression wide like he could not believe she was fucking with him right now.

“I was finding it hard to believe your mind evaluations was all, but clearly you’re fine.” She sniffed, rubbing her nose to hide the smile tugging at her lips with her hand. “I’m just impressed you can string two words together.”

“You said pretty much the exact same thing when I passed the auror exam! Is that your way of complimenting people!? Because if it is, it sucks!”

It was like nothing had changed.

He was still that eighteen-year-old brat fresh into the auror corps during a war and shooting off his mouth to his seniors, that little brother she’d never had nor wanted that she never knew what to do with but also couldn’t help but pick on. He was much older now but…then again, so was she, and after all this time the life that had once flared in him was the same as it ever was.

Even seeing it firsthand, she almost couldn’t believe he wasn’t broken.

Well, not entirely. He was still gaunt, with the deep circles beneath his eyes that she really doubted any magical healer would ever be able to truly fix… his time in Azkaban had done a number on him, that was an irrefutable fact.

But hearing him now, she knew he wasn’t insane. She wasn’t a mind healer, but she knew this man once upon a time and despite all that had happened and all they’d gone through since they’d last seen each other, it was still as if nothing had really changed. The important bits… those things were still there.

And that was worth having hope for.

“I do apologize old friend, when I said you could visit that did not mean you may ask questions. You are still an auror and I’m afraid we will not be speaking to those until after the trial.” Valentina informed her politely, but eyes twinkling in mischief. “That’s not why you were here though, no?”

“I just wanted to set eyes on him.” She admitted, the lawyer clearly already knowing that but Sirius blinking between the two women looking lost. She directed her question at him once again. “You’re fine, aren’t you brat?”

He made a face. “I’ll be better when I’m out of here, but sure, let’s go with that.”

“You seem awful confident.”

He exhaled his air all at once, not a sigh but something far more exasperated and stressed.

“I don’t exactly have a choice, do I?” He shot back.

And… she couldn’t really fault him for it.

“No. I don’t suppose you do.” She allowed, inclining her head for a moment.

There’d be time to talk later, she was sure of it now. Maybe she’d even apologize, if she could… but that would have to be over some fire whiskey once he was in better health, and the threat of the dementors and everything else between them wasn’t hanging oppressively over their heads like an executioner’s axe.

She also couldn’t shake the faint ghost of Dumbledore that hung around him—one of the reasons she’d kept him firmly at arm’s length back then, and now that McGonagall had confirmed they’d all once worked for the headmaster during the last war she knew she was right to do so. After spending eleven years unjustly in hell, surely he wouldn’t still trust the old bastard but…

Later.

They’d have to talk about this later, since there was apparently time to do such things now.

For tonight, she shouldn’t have even seen him technically. She was going to be the main voice in the trial tomorrow, so any hint of favoritism or foreknowledge on her part could call the whole thing into question. They weren’t allowed to talk about anything important right now anyway, with Valencia’s knife-life smile and firm presence over her client’s shoulder ensuring nothing was going to happen without her knowledge or approval until this mess was over.

It wasn’t right to stay. She needed to head back to the Ministry and prepare for tomorrow the best she could—she’d need her best foot forward since everyone thought the Ministry, from Fudge to her and her entire department, had fucked this up so she needed to make it right.

Because they had fucked up. Some on purpose, some willfully ignorant but still just as guilty.

It didn’t matter how much fault she may or may not have actually had in all this, but as head of law enforcement she was going to need to take responsibility for it anyway, and so tomorrow might be the last trial of her career but… she would do it justice, no matter what.

She nodded once.

“…I’ll see you around, Black.”

“Bones.” He accepted her abrupt end to her just as abrupt visit, his farewell a lot less guarded than his greeting.

And she even saw him smile tiredly as she closed the door securely behind her.

000

BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG

Harry jolted awake, heart leaping into his throat. He’d been dead asleep, safe in Mr. Benson’s little summer cottage after drifting off somewhere in the story Moony had been reading to him by the fire on the slightly frosty, early spring night. He didn’t know at what point in the story he’d fallen asleep, and as he sat up sharply in panic at the loud banging noise ripping apart the silent night, it was farthest thing from his mind.

“REMUS LUPIN!”

Before Harry could even gather his bearings, Moony was there. He was pulled from the bed rather abruptly, but gently, and only as the night air shocked his sleep-warm skin awake even farther did he realize he was not on the couch that he’d definitely fallen asleep on, but for some reason had been in Remus’ bed.

BANG

He could only be thankful when he heard the front door of the cottage splinter and then voices and footsteps invading the little bubble of safety he’d thought was so far from the rest of the world was entirely, completely shattered along with it.

“Harry,” Moony hissed, quietly but sharply gripping his attention away from the rapidly increasing pace of his breathing. Harry could barely focus but then the werewolf was slipping something over his shoulders—his bag?—and then a large blanket around him before he could blink.

Actually, no—it was his invisibility cloak.

“Moony what-”

Remus gripped his shoulders and offered him a tense, but firm smile.

“Make for the fireplace.” He ordered calmly, but with no room for argument.

“What are you—!?”

“Now pup!”

BANG BANG BANG

Moony pulled his hood up over his head not a second too soon as now the bedroom door was rattling off it’s hinges and Harry jumped nearly out of his skin. Invisible but still able to be touched, Remus shoved him behind him and faced the door head on. He could only grip Remus’ sweater tightly as if the cloak didn’t hide him enough already.

“Moony?”

Hands over his wrists behind him squeezed briefly, tight enough to hurt but more reassuring than anything.

“Do as I say: get to the fire and go to the Malfoys!” Remus ordered quietly, and he couldn’t see him but glanced behind his shoulder at the seemingly empty room anyway with a tense smile. “It’ll be okay, pup. Be brave—stay safe.”

“But-!”

C R A C K

The door didn’t so much as slam open as it splintered, suffering a similar fate to the front door by the sounds of it. Remus managed to get one arm up to shield himself some the flying shrapnel, but didn’t move out of the way since there was still a child behind him who could do nothing but cower behind him at the abrupt, violent entrance.

Harry found his lips sealing in a self-preservation instinct immediately as the doorway revealed a stranger, wand in hand pointing at the decimated door. Everything about the man dripped in coldness and the way he didn’t lower the wand now that the door was out of his way, instead pointing it very obviously at Remus with zero attempt to even hide the threat for what it was, Harry knew this was not a friend at all.

Even worse when Remus raised his hands in front of him in surrender immediately, like this wasn’t new to him at all.

“I was asleep!” He shot out, clear and forcefully to be heard, but cautiously. “I’m not fighting, Hughes!”

The man scrunched up his nose, but didn’t lower the wand.

“It’s been a while mutt, hasn’t it? Come here.” Came the blunt order, jerking his head back towards the living room where Harry heard not just other bodies moving around, but a lot of noise he didn’t understand. He didn’t understand what was going on at all actually, and there being enemies in a place he thought was safe set him on edge in the worst way. But as Remus cautiously obeyed the order and slowly moved towards the stranger and the doorway without lowering his arms even a little bit, Harry felt panicked to be left alone and followed closely, despite being uneasy about what they were walking into.

Once in the living room, Harry felt his blood boil even despite the cold fear that washed over him.

There were three other men in the room, dressed similarly and all with wands firmly in hand, and as they saw Remus aimed them all at the ground between them and the werewolf in a clear, hostile sort of threat. If they’d been loitering that’d be one thing, but they weren’t: they were ransacking the place.

They couldn’t have been here a full minute since breaking down the door but already every book on the shelves was now on the floor, the kitchen chairs flipped and broken, one of them walking calmly through the kitchen and with a twisted look on his face let a trailing hand drag over the counter—dropping every single glass jar of tea and spices that had been so neatly lined up fall to the floor and shatter.

He wanted to scream at them, but by the way Remus didn’t say anything or even really react despite the disrespect, just keeping his hands raised in surrender and eyes locked on them far more warily than they were of him despite the primed wands they were threatening him with, Harry figured it out.

These were aurors.

“Let’s make this quick, I missed Sunday dinner with the family for this.” An older man with salt and pepper hair and a square jaw tapped his wand to the fireplace mantle distractedly, shooting Remus a sneer. “You’re being awful quiet, eh?”

“I’m not fighting.” The werewolf repeated, calmly but firmly. “I’ll answer any questions willingly.”

“Oh I’m sure you will.” The man Remus called Hughes shoved his wand against his temple harshly enough to force Moony to tilt his head, the smirk on his face making Harry bite his tongue hard enough he tasted blood. “We’re going on a little adventure. Move it.”

Remus let himself be pushed, true to his word not fighting the aggressive treatment. He only made it a little distance though, before he made the mistake of asking a question.

“Am I under arrest?” Was all he said.

SLAM

Remus’ body made contact with the wall sharp enough that Harry actually sunk to the ground in shock, fearing the unknown force that could rip his anchor away so sharply. His knees hit the ground automatically and he had his hands half raised over his head before he realized the auror has just lashed his wand and some invisible force had shoved Remus into the wall to his left hard enough to shake the very frame of the simple shed a bit.

Harry would’ve screamed on instinct if Moony didn’t seem to be much tougher than he appeared, not even loosing his footing but putting a hand on the wall to brace himself as he stood up to shake the blow off, shooting the auror’s wand still leveled at his head a dark look.

“Hughes… can’t say I missed you.”

“Likewise,” the man snorted, somehow actually finding that funny. He didn’t seem to give a shit that he’d just attacked a man, nor did he seem all too concerned Remus was about to attack him back. He was really just looking around the room with only a flicker of care about the entire situation. “Pretty cozy place for a dog. Bit excessive, don’t you think?”

Some of the other aurors laughed a bit, and while Remus didn’t react Harry felt a flicker of rage as he finally caught up to the situation.

They weren’t really here to arrest or interrogate Remus… they were here to fuck with him.

Because they could.

Because if Remus tried to defend himself they’d kill him right here and now and call it self defense, and they would get away with it. Which meant they could do whatever they wanted, and there was nothing anyone could actually do about it.

He was pissed off now, but he would be even angrier later, probably. So, so unbelievably angry, he knew he would be when he had a chance to digest this and it really sunk in just how angry he really was.

But in this moment here, the frustration that should’ve turned into rage just blossomed into an ice-cold terror, and a horror so thick he felt frozen to the ground where he knelt. Because no matter how angry he got, it didn’t change the fact both he and Moony were completely helpless here… and no matter how fast his mind raced, he couldn’t think of a way out of this.

He touched the necklace around his neck, thinking of the Malfoys but not knowing what they’d even be able to do in this situation. Moony told him to sneak out through the fireplace to get to them but… but he couldn’t leave—he just couldn’t!

“This is a muggle property,” Remus tried to speak in his defense, and in defense of Mr. Benson’s spring cottage when an auror ‘searching’ the place started pointing his wand at cabinets to ‘open’ them—and doing visible damage to their hinges.

He was forced to jerk back and stiffen up when Hughes got a wand in his face again, less than an inch from his nose and offering him a dry sneer. Remus at last finally glared back at him, still not threatening but Harry would’ve thought him cracked if he could actually keep his smile during this.

“You’ll have to pay the poor muggle back anyway after stinking up the place, wouldn’t you? We’re just helping the fumigation process.” He teased, like it was funny.

The two glared off for a couple seconds and when Remus didn’t take the bait, Hughes looked annoyed but got over it quickly.

“Remus Lupin you’re under arrest.” He announced, like it was a true pleasure to say.

“For what charge?”

The auror rolled his eyes impatiently. “Don’t act dumb, as if we wouldn’t find out. But if you want to be difficult about it, honestly it’d make my day,” He held his other hand out to the side pointedly, a soft clinking noise and a tell-tale glint catch but Remus and Harry’s eyes.

Silver handcuffs.

“As you’ve probably heard, a cell just opened up that has your name all over it.” The man sneered, the soft sound of silver hitting itself now nauseating to the core.

Harry felt his heart stop but going by the dreading, but very noticeably unsurprised reaction from Remus, he already knew where this was going. Hughes offered it like an option, but he was not going to escape those handcuffs and no one here thought otherwise.

“I’m not fighting—I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.” Remus got out in a calm that felt notably forced. “I just want to know what it is I’m accused of.”

Hughes laughed in his face, and came forward. “Hands out,” he ordered, and Remus tensed but didn’t move.

“Why am I being arrested?” He insisted, back now against the wall behind him and eyes on the handcuffs warily. “I’ll go with you, you don’t need those!”

“I dunno Hughes, seems like he’s not being very cooperative,” The auror that had broken the tea jars heckled.

The man in question tisked his tongue. “Resisting arrest, eh Lupin? That’s pretty cocky for you isn’t it? I said hands out.”

Remus tensed but took a full breathe in. “Alight I won’t ask, I’ll just go willingly. Please Hughes, you don’t need the handcuffs…”

“You know, normally I do like when dogs beg, but it’s an ugly look on you.” Hughes just huffed and then snapped his wand out.

Harry leapt from his skin as Remus was yelling in pain as the handcuffs somehow magically found his wrists and locked on tight. The sound and smell of sizzling flesh ripped through the small room as he collapsed to his knees, hands pushed out like if he could get his wrists far enough away from him he could distance himself from the pain.

Harry couldn’t take just being a witness anymore.

He couldn’t run, he couldn’t intervene, he couldn’t do anything—

But the one thing above all that he couldn’t do, was nothing.

“STOP!” He bellowed, knowing his hood had fallen back as he scrambled to his feet and lunged towards Moony, whipping around with his wand in hand to stand before the floored werewolf and the aurors—all of which looked shocked as hell for there to suddenly be a kid yelling at them. “WHAT ARE YOU DOING!? YOU’RE HURTING HIM TO ASSHOLES!”

“H-Harry no!” Remus got himself righted just enough to grab onto his now visible cloak, looking horrified. Clearly he’d hoped his charge had actually listened to him and left a long while ago.

“What the hell!?” The aurors were stunned, eyes going wide. Hughes actually finally lifted his wand away since he wasn’t interested in threatening a human, much less a child apparently.

“Who are you!?” He demanded.

“Shit, is that Harry Potter?” The one by the front door who hadn’t really been doing anything seemed to recognize him immediately, eyes bugging out of his head. “What the bloody hell is he doing here!?”

“Let him go! Or fucking tell him why he’s being taken for!” Harry ignored the reactions to hold his own wand up, planting his feet pointedly and going nowhere until this entire fucking situation stopped.

He felt every bit the dripping condescending attitude they had as the four men exchanged glanced between themselves. In the end though Huges gave a very annoyed huff and stared him down with a twist to his lips.

"He's under arrest for suspected interference with an ongoing trial. But this really isn’t any of your business kid—"

"The hell it isn’t! That's bullshit and you know it! He hasn't left this house, I swear it!” He shot back violently.

"Harry… please," Remus tried to stop him weakly but Harry couldn’t only spare him a glance over his shoulder—too wary of these enemies in front of him to really look away. The one look told him Remus was pale as a sheet and breaking out in a sweat from the pain of the silver and Harry couldn’t help but enflame again.

"Remus no, this isn't right!"

"I know… Harry, I know. Please pup just… it'll be fine, I promise. Don't fight them." He begged, but Harry refused.

HOW could he ask that of me?

"Like hell! They can't just—just--!?"

“Potter, right?” The old man with salt and pepper hair stepped forward and pushed Hughes back, who deferred now that the situation had clearly changed. He wasn’t so confident now that it wasn’t a werewolf he could kick for fun, apparently. “You shouldn’t be involved. Now calm down and step away from the werewolf.” The man beckoned in a tone Harry knew well.

Vernon Dursley talked like that to kids who weren’t Dudley. Not Harry himself as his tone was always laden in vitriol for his nephew, but other random kids he didn’t know. It was a tone of impatience and ‘you will listen to me’, not just stern but more ‘you’re of no use if you don’t obey the adults around you, you fucking brats’’ sort of thing. Impatient and condescending and so full of distain it makes you wonder if he actually liked his own kids since he did say he’d missed Sunday dinner to be here.

Harry jutted his chin up. “I’m not going anywhere until you answer me. What interference could he have possibly done when I’m telling you he hasn’t left this house!” He demanded.

Salt-and-Pepper’s face twitched, and Harry just knew he smacked his kids when they talked back to him.

“Move away from the beast.” The man took a step forward with an impatient order, and Harry couldn’t help but take an automatic step back. Despite his racing heart at the threat the large man he had to bend his neck backwards to see posed, he didn’t move away.

“The fuck did you just call him!?”

“Wait a second, how is he here? Hogwarts is still in session?” The auror in the kitchen was still caught up about that and the one by the door shrugged.

“Everyone shut up,” The man was now looming quite menacingly over a child and an incapacitated werewolf and Harry realized Hughes was actually probably the safer one here as he had only been after Remus. His hazel expression seemed now infinitely conflicted and his wand was firmly aimed at the floor since Harry had revealed himself. Salt-and-Pepper here… looked ready to backhand the twelve-year-old half his height to get at the wolf behind him, and not lose a single wink of sleep over it either.

“Potter, stand down or I’ll stun you.” He ordered.

“Fisher he’s just a kid,” Hughes piped up uncertainly but was immediately drowned out.

“One that should not be here,” The one in the kitchen repeated, insistent now, coming forward. “Let’s take them both back and Fudge can handle this.”

“No!” Remus got up enough despite his restraints to protest—but then Harry felt his heart stop as four wands were immediately pointed at him. Or, more like they were pointed at Remus and Harry refused to get out of the way even if now it was because he was frozen in terror once more.

Four adult aurors… he wasn’t sure even Transfiguration could get him out of this honestly.

“STOP MOVING!” The auror by the door bellowed, coming forward cautiously with wand raised in clear threat. “Potter move towards me slowly!”

“Like hell!” Harry snapped himself out of it when he clicked they were scared of Remus. Scared of some ‘dark creature’ that did not exist.

Maybe it did once a month, but it wasn’t here now and they were all cowards. Prejudiced, brain-dead, cowards.

If this is what aurors were, then no wonder this world was fucked.

“Harry please—”

“Stay where you are, mutt!”

“Stop calling him-!

“BOY,” Fisher, or whatever his name was, finally lost his patience and took a step forward, and Harry wanted to be the kind of Gryffindor who stood up for his friends and didn’t back down or waver even against much stronger enemies. Like his parents had.

But suddenly it was someone else with meaty fists bellowing boy at him and his body betrayed him. He didn’t even realize he’d flinched until it was too late, and he was still protectively standing in front of Moony so he kind of tripped over the werewolf as his body tried to get back on pure instinct—and Remus, despite the silver handcuffs, caught him.

Except, the four aurors with wands draw were just waiting for the so-called ‘dark creature’ they were so afraid of to move a single muscle and prove them caution right. So they didn’t see a man catching a frightened child from hitting the ground, Harry wasn’t even sure if they saw anything or were just waiting for Remus to move a finger and give them their excuse, but either way—they fired.

As four different colors lit up his world, it finally sunk in that there were not Dumbledore’s people. They weren’t Death Eaters or anything in between.

They were a whole new world of evil he had not even really grasped existed until now… because they would absolutely kill the ‘dark creature’ in front of them and use the fact he was ‘attacking a child’ as an excuse. And it would be their own spells that hurt Harry in the first place, but no one would ever care about that small fact.

It was only that sinking realization that hit him though, not the spells. Because apparently he was the only one who hadn’t realized the situation he was in—Remus had known though, which is why he’d told him to get away. And just as the aurors had been waiting for an excuse, Remus had also fully expected it and in the same motion of catching him, whipped around to shield him from the onslaught of spells.

Harry remembered him saying werewolves were magic resistant, so it was unlikely the spells worked as intended—but given Moony’s arms were around him he felt the force of this impact. And then Remus tipped to the side, on the floor and seeming dazed in a way him hitting the wall hadn’t hurt him, but Harry could only gape in shock—stomach turning as he got a closer look at what the silver was doing to his wrists—and lost his shit.

“STOP!” He screamed, fists gripping Remus’ sweater—one Harry had bought him for Christmas himself— and held on for dear life as if more spells were coming at any second. "PLEASE! YOU'RE HURTING HIM—WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE!?"

“Get out of the way, kid, he’s dangerous,” Fisher was unmoved by the scene and stormed forward.

As a hand locked around Harry’s upper arm, no doubt to rip him away, Harry s c r e a m e d.

“LET GO OF ME!”

Fisher was suddenly wheeling back, batting out his sleeve which had mysteriously caught fire in a panic. The other aurors started yelling too in confusion of what has just happened but Harry could give a shit. He had his wand in hand and red covering his vision making it hard to think but the bastard Vernon-Look-Alike was on fire and Harry wanted him to keep fucking burning.

“YOU PIECE OF—!” He didn’t know what he was going to do, but Remus grabbed his wrist before he could it and yanked his wand arm down to the floor to stop him, shaking off whatever the magic had done to him with great effort and trying to shield Harry from the chaos exploding around them.

"Harry, oh god you shouldn't have done that-"

"They can't just take you! What's to say they'll ever give you back!?" Harry knew he was shouting but he couldn’t stop the panic taking hold.

"I— pup, I know, but— it's not fair but I… just be safe, and I'll do everything in my power to get back to you, I promise." The werewolf pleaded, but Harry gave up fighting to just wrap his arms tightly around him and knew he would not let go.

"NO!" He gripped so hard he heard Remus grunt in pain, but he still accepted the death hug for what it was. With handcuffed hands he couldn’t exactly get the child off him in any case.

"Harry please…" He begged, but could tell his heart was not in it. He didn’t want to need to be separated just as much as Harry didn’t, but he had to be the adult here.

"Freeze!" The aurors had collected themselves, Hughes now leading the charge once more with Fisher inspecting himself for more flames warily, but now that one of their own had been properly ‘attacked’ Harry sensed a shift. Even Hughes was leveling a wand at them both with clear intent to attack if they moved again.

“Please Harry, you need to stand up,”

"No Remus--they can't do this!" He was shouting for sure but… by the thickness in his voice he realized he was also crying. He wasn’t sure when he’d started, but perhaps it was about when it was finally sinking in there might not be anything he could do about this.

He was helpless.

Again.

"Mr. Potter step away from the werewolf; this is your last warning." The auror by the door had come forward now too, and looked so over this shit that Harry knew he was going to be the one to hex them first. Even with Fisher looking ready to kill and highly annoyed as he confirmed he was no longer on fire.

“Please come peacefully,” Hughes hissed, but… the conversation done. There was no ‘peaceful’ here, it was all just empty words, because by the tone and the wands and the anger now in the air Harry knew the next words out of their mouths would be spells and… it would be over.

He wasn’t sure what would happen but he knew he wouldn’t be able to handle it.

Not even with Remus hand on his arm squeezing to try and comfort him, he knew he couldn’t do this.

He closed his eyes tightly and wished for a world where he’d never opened his eyes in the first place.

“Imperio.”

His heart skipped a beat, the word causing a memory to flash before his eyes like ominous lighting, but before he could tense too hard he realized he recognized that voice.

He snapped his head up in shock and had never imagined he would ever be so relieved to see Lucius Malfoy, in night robes yet his long blond hair still somehow pristine, and holding his wand up… at four suddenly very blank-faced aurors doing nothing but standing where they once were, yet unmoving. All their aggression and, well, life behind their eyes had disappeared, though they still stood there looking between those of the room with no visible reaction.

“…I-Imperio…?” Harry repeated, then it clicked.

Ex-death eater… right.

Mr. Malfoy sniffed, though clearly smelled something distasteful as he glanced over the aurors now firmly under his control. “I know you’re the self-righteous sort but I do hope you’ll look the other way this once, given the circumstances.” He drawled, sparring the two on the floor a dry look.

Harry broke out of his shock enough to get up some, immediately doubling back to help Remus upright as he winced from the handcuffs and the shock of it all as he tried to get up himself.

“L-Lucius,”

“Lupin.” He greeted only a bit impatiently, but one exchanged look and he raised on silver eyebrow curiously.

Remus gathered himself just enough to steel his determination and plead to the Slytherin above him.

“Lucius, I need you to take Harry and leave, please.”

“Moony!” Harry yelped, instantly hating that plan. “NO—absolutely not! Come with us, please, you don’t have to go with them! We can go into hiding, I’ve inherited properties we can go to, or I’ll buy an apartment and ward the shit out of it but please—”

Remus took his hands into his own (they were both shaking), silver still audibly burning into him but smiled like it didn’t hurt.

“Harry,” He held his hands tighter, forcing his panicked eyes to meet his own in a show of calmness Harry would never, ever understand. “I need you to concentrate on getting Sirius' name cleared. If I run now then my own guilt will condemn him too, you and I both know that’s how Fudge will spin this.” His calm look splintered at the edges, but force a wry smile even as his eyes welled. “I really wish you’d just gotten away, please don’t get in trouble for my sake… don’t do anything else rash,”

“I’m being rash!?”

“I need you to go with Lucius.” He didn’t budge.

“I won’t!” Harry tried to pull away as if he could avoid Moony’s gaze then he could break away from the mere idea of what he was suggesting, but… a part of him knew there was no escaping this. He told that side of him to shut the fuck up because he just needed to think for a second and he could—they could—!?

“We don’t have all day, they’re competent enough to break free eventually.” Mr. Malfoy snipped a bit briskly, wand still raised pointedly, but they could tell he was needing to concentrate to hold control. “If too much time passes they will know they’ve been imperioused and will only blame you.” He shot a pointed look to Remus who seemed grimly aware of this by his nod.

“Will they remember Harry here?”

“I can confound them so hopefully they will not if we make this quick.” Lucius allowed as if this were all a chore. Pressing his wand a little more forward to Hughes who blinked as if someone had called his name. “Who sent you? What is the charge?”

“Minister Fudge sent us, under the table. Paid us well too,” He scratched his nose, looking… alarmingly normal as he shrugged his answer. “There is no charge, not an official one anyway. We were told to take him in and Fudge would make something stick later.”

“Well that’s convenient. Then where are you taking him?”

“Azkaban.”

“NO.” Harry abandoned his attempt to break away and was back to hugging Remus around the middle, eyes wide in horror at the entranced auror who’d actually just admitted that. Moony, for his part, couldn’t exactly hug him back properly with the handcuffs but wiggled out of his grip enough to put his bound hands over him in a small hug attempt, giving a rather shaky breath. Clearly he’d already known that by Hughes’ hint earlier, but the confirmation had to be… terrifying.

Mr. Malfoy clicked his tongue impatiently.

“Fudge wants this wolf out of the way for the trial, is that it?” He demanded and Hughes nodded. “Why? What is the importance of that?”

“Hogwarts is being investigated for a petrification monster, and Dumbledore was dismissed on grounds of incompetence. A search of his office revealed a letter from this werewolf specifically mentioning Sirius Black. Given the timing it’s believed he is involved and important to the defense case. Fudge has ordered he be detained for the duration of the trail so he will be unable to testify.”

Harry’s hands went cold in horror.

He whipped his head up to look at the man above him, but Remus just closed his eyes in defeat.

“Moony… Moony why?”

He opened and closed his mouth for a moment, as if not sure what to say, before bowing his head.

“I just… I just wanted to speak to Dumbledore, it was just a letter to an old teacher…!” He tried defend himself, but everyone in the room knew it would matter. Even the imperioused aurors blinking blankly at the conversation.

“You’ve petitioned the court to give Sirius Black a trial. Seventeen times, in fact, or so my wife says.” Lucius deadpanned. “Clearly you have a vested interest. There’s no way they wouldn’t notice that.”

“Years ago I did, yes… not in a decade though!”

“Clearly it doesn’t matter.” The Malfoy had no patience for the misstep, and Remus ducked his head with his jaw flexing, knowing there really wasn’t any point in arguing it anymore.

“I know. Lucius, if you could… please m-make sure he gets back to Hogwarts safely.”

“Moony-!” Harry tried to protest but was cut off by both of them.

“That is the plan, of course.” Mr. Malfoy sniffed, eyes trailing back to the aurors and squinting—clearly they were trained enough that they were trying to break through his hold and required is attention once more.

Harry felt warm hands on his shoulders trying to push him up towards the Slytherin before he snapped out of his daze and latched onto the arms around him in a death grip. His eyes locked onto the golden set above him, looking so indescribably sad, but still as warm as ever back at him—begging him to understand.

But Harry couldn’t.

He wouldn’t.

“Please don’t do this… please don’t do this,” He gasped quietly, but more desperate than he’d ever been before as the panic Moony could normally ward off started inching in from the darkness around his graveyard and creating black spots in his vision, no matter how desperately he was trying not to look away now.

He knew, for certain… that if he let go, he’d never seen Remus again.

“What if you are important to the case!? If you let them arrest you and you can’t speak tomorrow, what happens to Sirius!?” He clawed at any reason he could get but his fingers couldn’t find a grip on anything and he was falling.

“I’m not important pup. I know I’m not. Fudge is just looking to someone to blame, and I’m an easy person to pick.” Remus smiled, but it was twisted and sad no matter how hard he was trying to appear positive. “There’s no chance I can safely make it to the ministry tomorrow without being detained then instead, the aurors would never allow it now that he suspects me. And then I’ll have a genuine resisting arrest charge against me.” He explained what Harry already knew far more gently than he deserved.

He lost control of his voice again and was instantly shouting. “So what, you want to follow Padfoot in being the second innocent man in Azkaban!? Like that’s any consolation!?”

“I want to give you and Sirius the best chance you can to be together.” Remus admitted quietly.

Harry froze.

Horror, unlike anything he’d ever imagined gripped him and he just… he didn’t know what to do.

“I… I thought we were all going to be together.” He confessed, breathless. “Moony please!”

The werewolf just gave him a small smile and hugged him tight once. “It’ll be okay,” he promised.

“You’re lying.” Harry choked, clawing at his back like if he didn’t let go this wouldn’t happen, eyes wide at the ceiling over his shoulder and tears flooding hotly down his cheeks. “No it won’t, you know it won’t—this NOT okay and it won’t ever be! You’re lying!” he gasped, panic making the world fuzzy.

But he just… was he about to fight aurors!? Would he!? Would he ruin Sirius trial if he did!? If they ran now would that ruin everything!? They had to run though—!

As if he could read his mind, Remus tightened his hold as if to scold him not to do that.

“Harry, I need you to stay safe.” He told him quietly, getting his hands up to put reassuring hands on his head as if that could hold him together. But Harry was just crying now, and it didn’t work. “You’ll be okay, stray strong.”

Harry sobbed and gripped his sweater harder, crying because he had no idea what to do anymore.

“Please take care of him." Remus spoke over his head, but he barely heard it.

"The boy will be fine." Came the cold confirmation.

Harry was hugged one last time and Moony hummed a senseless attempt to sooth him, rocking him gently and murmuring softly beneath his loud cries.

“Say hello to Padfoot for me, pup.”

He opened his mouth and knew he was about to scream loud enough to wake the entire living world—when everything went dark with a crisp stupefy from behind him.

000

Narcissa frowned, clicking her tongue when Lucius arrived back in the manner, an unconscious little Gryffindor in his arms. The boy had tear streaks on his cheeks, and she wiped them away gently before moving aside and letting her husband take him to the guest room.

She was still in her nightrobes, having woken when her husband did when they both sensed the unapproved wizards enter the ward they’d given the boy via the necklace still around his neck. It was an extension of the one they kept around the manor, one that told them if aurors were snooping around when they weren’t home, and it had come in handy many times. This time too, apparently.

It was a simple lie, after all. Lucius could give and take access to the manor to anyone with a mere thought, there was no need for some special object, but luckily Draco had clearly not told his little friend that yet. In return Harry had dutifully kept the gift on, just in case, which told them immediately when an auror they’d already banned from their home got too close.

They were responsible for him, after all. Even if they’d given the appearance of letting Lupin handle him, they weren’t that dumb.

“I take it this was not part of the plan.” Lucius mused cautiously, placing the boy down on the bed that was frankly far too large for him, turning to his wife who had arms curled around her middle.

“First explain what happened. We knew there was a risk but…” It didn’t take long, as the scenario that had panned out was unfortunately quick, albeit brutal. She pressed her lips into a thin line. “That wolf knew, didn’t he.”

“I suspect he did. If he sent the letter months ago and then discovered there were aurors at Hogwarts when we were all there Friday, he had to have known it was only a matter of time until Fudge found it and blamed him for this political disaster of his.” Lucius agreed blandly.

Narcissa crossed her arms fully, letting her eyes fall close as she centered herself.

Admittedly, she didn’t know the entire plan.

Sebastian Greengrass was coordinating the actual trial, he’d come to her months ago saying he had a lead that could prove Sirius’ innocence (an insanely desirable thing for someone in business like the Greengrass, to have someone that potentially wealthy owe their freedom to you), which was what inspired her to finally choose her cousin as Harry’s potential guardian in the first place. The timing had worked out that she was more interested in getting him free the same time Sebastian had an opportunity to make it happen, so she’d cooperated. As a blood relative it wasn’t strange for her to visit him, nor for her to make certain inquiries that would’ve caused red flags had anyone else asked. She’d passed along all the information he’d asked for and in exchange he’d promised her that getting Sirius acquitted as a man sane enough to resume his godfather responsibilities would be part of the deal.

She’d even told him about Lucius plan to dispose of Dumbledore, and when he’d asked her to get her husband to wait until this Friday to do it, she’d agreed because she knew that would be the key to the trial going off smoothly. Fudge was already causing so much trouble in getting this to actually happen, they needed to wait until Dumbledore was temporarily removed from his position of power to actually go through with it.

It didn’t take her long to deduce that the werewolf was the key that Sebastian had been leaning on.

Lupin had attempted to get this trial to happen over a decade ago and had failed because of who he was, but apparently he’d had information no one would bother hearing back then. So when he’d appeared out of nowhere the same moment the trial was announced, obviously she wanted to keep him close too. Keep him just as safe as Harry, if he was truly that important to the case.

He was important to the trial’s success, and there were aurors swarming, searching for anything they could to stop this from happening on Fudge’s orders. On Sebastian’s request she had Lucius get approval to bring the boy to the trial, but bringing him home for the entire weekend had not been part of the plan. It wasn’t a bad thing, as having Harry in the castle when things were so close was a little risky, what with the possibility of petrification or any number of voices acting on their parents’ orders whispering in his ear to mess things up… there were so many things that could’ve been troublesome. Lucius had witnessed the chaos happening in the school and how McGonagall was not in a place to protect the boy from the fallout, and made the call then and there.

Lucius actually agreeing to let Lupin come along out of his own free will was a little surprising, but her husband wasn’t stupid. While he disliked werewolves, he knew damn well that if Sirius Black was getting a trial, then aurors would be hunting down anyone who’d ever once known him, and the werewolf popping up in a public place after all this time was a terrible omen. He’d made the right call in bringing them both back, to hopefully sit quietly for the weekend where they could keep an eye on the impulsive lions to be sure they didn’t do anything stupid in the eleventh hour.

Lucius was just clever that way to know who the key characters of this trial would be, but Narcissa knew Lupin was more important than that.

Or, that is what Sebastian had led her to believe.

It sounded as if Sebastian was staking a lot of this trial over the testimony this werewolf would provide, so the fact he’d been arrested by Fudge’s men was… troubling. There was absolutely no way Lupin would be released in time for the trial tomorrow. That is, if he even survived the interrogation tonight, given the names Lucius had given her proved they were all Dormavitch’s students.

Those weren’t exactly the type of aurors who’d let a werewolf walk away unharmed. In fact, in another world they would’ve been good death eaters, if they weren’t on the ‘right’ side of the law and all that.

But no, there was no way Sebastian didn’t know that this was a possibility. She might’ve messed up by being too involved, by taking Harry from the castle too early… by accidentally having him witness his werewolf get kicked around a bit. But it was all too common, too likely when there was a werewolf too close to a legal issue happening that the Ministry wanted to bury. Remus Lupin would not be the first werewolf to take the fall for an auror’s—or in this case a Minster’s—mistake, and he would certainly not be that last.

She dropped her arms, raising her head to get back to business.

That had to be it then: pinning the blame on Lupin must’ve been the plan the entre time. She’d even fallen for it but in hindsight it was kind of ridiculous to pin a trial this public on the testimony of a werewolf—who would ever believe it? She was a little embarrassed even she’d bought it at first, and annoyed with herself for getting Harry involved when it clearly only upset him. There wasn’t much she could do about it right now.

She’d be having words with Sebastian later though.

“It should be fine. I do wish the boy had not witnessed it, but I gave the Minister too much credit it seems.” She admitted, Lucius letting it go easily.

“Any more surprises for the night?”

She smiled briefly.

“Not that I’m aware of. I’ll have Turel give him a dreamless sleep potion to ensure some peace. Off to bed with you, it’ll be a long day tomorrow.” Her husband inclined his head before going off, leaving her to dwell in the quiet room as she summoned an elf.

She’s been used, no way around that. Sebastian would keep his promise but she’d been too haughty thinking he wasn’t using her position for just as much his own benefit as she felt she was using him. It wasn’t strictly unprofessional but it was for sure irritating.

She’d also made a mistake by being too involved, but she wasn’t about to admit that.

Instead she planned a quiet revenge that even the slippery Sebastian Greengrass would not be able to escape from.

000

Edith glanced over her shoulder as the door opened, on guard for the small chance it was an unwelcome visitor or another healer here for an unscheduled checkup, relaxing only when she saw it was one of her legal assistants poking his head in. He gave her a small nod that she returned before he retreated and closed the door once more.

Turning back, the gravity of the situation sunk in and she sighed.

“Hm. How unfortunately typical.” She clicked her tongue to herself, before retuning to her client who had obviously noticed the exchange with curiosity and wariness in his gaze.

Sirius Black was not at all like the man she’d though he’d be, even with Greengrass warning her beforehand that he was in no way similar to the ‘Black’ name she was familiar with. People of this magical community placed an insane amount of importance on their house alignments from school, even as grown adults, and given the nature of her work she was most familiar with Slytherins and how they operated—their reputations and figurative warning labels. Obviously, as she learned to coast the political tides here she’d also learned all the stereotypes of the Hogwarts houses, but in particular the snake-like ones for her own good.

That people always pigeon-holed each other into one of only four categories was always so incredibly close-minded that it made playing here a bit too easy sometimes. Fascinating, but a tad repetitive as people rarely deviated much.

Mr. Black here was, to put it bluntly, the worst of the Gryffindors she’d ever met by a long shot.

But there was a spark to him that was way more interesting than that, if you were patient and could coax it out of him—which was turning out to be pretty difficult given he was also insanely smart. You’d never know it going by how he talked or dismissed very obvious things sometimes, but she suspected despite how closed off and brash he was being, he actually knew better than anyone what was happening around him right now.

It just seemed like he didn’t want to admit that he knew, for some reason.

“What was that?” He demanded, having noted the exchange, and she leaned back in her chair for a bit of a break since they’d been leaning over the ream of papers on his hospital table for hours now. These heels were actually very comfortable but after three days of this her back was sore as hell.

“It’s promising news for us. Everything is going to plan.” She reassured, stretching arms over her head tiredly.

“How is it unfortunate then? Also, are you a Legilimens? How is it none of them ever say anything but you know what they mean?”

Edith could help but snort in amusement.

“Because all of this has been planned in advance, quite carefully in fact. They would only need to actually tell me anything if something’s gone wrong, otherwise I will assume things are going how it should be.” She shrugged. “I say it’s unfortunate, since despite me being aware of people’s blind spots, doesn’t mean I find it very enjoyable to exploit them… sometimes it is necessary though.”

“What are you on about now,” He clearly wanted to sound wary and annoyed at her, but at this point he was just tired and expected nothing less from this conniving woman who’d appeared out of nowhere to whisk him out of hell. The complaint came out more of a grumble instead of the shout it would’ve been yesterday.

“Fudge has fallen for a trap we set, is all. It’s great news because it means he’ll be preoccupied tonight chasing down a dead end and won’t have time to react to us submitting your clearance to use Veritaserum.” She tapped the papers they’d been going over pointedly.

“Well that’s good?”

“It is.” She let her smile calm some, a sense of… guilt, almost, forcing her to clear her mind. “I just wish he were less… well, I almost wish he hadn’t fallen for it. Even if we all knew he would.”

Black frowned, eyes that had been getting clearer with every hour under the healers’ spells and potions carting over her small moment of weakness. He liked to pretend he wasn’t good at reading people, that he didn’t see when they hesitated or were lying, but he did.

Edith Valencia prided herself on being a woman that was impossible to read to the people around her. Anything she let show would be ammunition in court, after all.

So it was a little hypocritical for him to ask her if she could read minds, when he was the one she caught staring every single time she had a shameful thought she was sure she hadn’t let show on her face.

“Why?” he asked her, just curious on the surface but she could tell she was being read.

And well… he was her client and they’d shared a lot of secrets with each other in the name of this trial, had hours and hours of rather brutally honest conversations so that there’d be no surprises tomorrow, so there was no use in hesitating now. Not when, she knew, if she acted any more evasive he might start closing off to her—and that could not happen now of all times.

She hadn’t done anything but tell him the truth since they met, and she would not stop now. Somehow, she sensed he would immediately know.

“To put it bluntly, the Minister has arrested someone else that he thinks will be our key witness tomorrow. They won’t be, we never planned on using them, but we made it look like they were the one campaigning for your trial and that they had ‘key information’ that would prove your innocence. Fudge and the aurors on his payroll will spend the night interrogating them instead of trying to corner you or one of the healers here who have agreed to vouch for your sanity.” She explained primly, folding her hands neatly in her lap. “That was the last piece of the puzzle, the last thing he could do to block us here. If the healers are able to make it to the trial tomorrow then essentially we win: you have the proof to your own innocence if we can just get you to take the Veritaserum in court, but Fudge doesn’t know that.”

Sirius frowned.

“Who got arrested? Are they in on this?”

“A friend.” Was all she could say. Any more than that and she was certain neither she nor anyone in the hall would be able to prevent him from leaving. “All I can say is that I’m very sure they have always believed in your innocence, and will be very glad to see you get your freedom tomorrow when the dust settles.”

“That wasn’t an answer. Are they in on it?”

She could tell he suspected but… he didn’t really want to know the truth.

“I haven’t spoken to them personally, no.” She admitted, placing a hand back on the papers in front of him. “Mr. Black, what’s done is done unfortunately. Once you have your freedom you can see things for yourself all you’d like, but until then… you only have one shot at this so please, let’s go over the plan one more time before you get some rest. Tomorrow will be a very important day, after all.”

Edith could tell he was debating pushing the matter. But he was tired, the healing treatments were quick on the surface but it’d be months until he had his true energy and self back. Sirius Black in his prime probably would’ve been out of here already, wand in hand and hunting down whoever had been wrongfully arrested on his behalf—something he now felt an intimate amount of rage and guilt for, most likely.

The man before her now was much more tired. He’d had precisely one night of peaceful sleep in the last eleven years, and it had been last night—with the promise of one more in an hour or so once they were done their final prep. She could tell the idea of getting out of the bed for the trial tomorrow was already exhausting to him, much less asking any more questions right now.

But she had one more trick up her sleeve, since this might’ve all been for the trial of Sirius Black, but one other name kept popping up no matter who she talked to. The one everyone was paying her a lot of money in order to ensure her client not only got free, but was judged a sane man when all was said and done.

“Please keep in mind that this isn’t just your freedom on the line here. Through no fault of your own you have been an absent godfather for eleven years now… weren’t you the one who said you wanted to change that?” She reminded him quietly, shuffling the papers on the table before them to start at the beginning.

She saw it worked when silver eyes fixed on them as a visual reminder of why he was doing this too. Something like an ice cold determination creeped into his expression, settling there firmly.

Grimly, even.

He made a small face before crossing his arms over his chest and leaning back into his hospital bed pillows once more.

“Fine. Start the questions from the beginning.”





Chapter 75: Book 2 : Envy : 42


Chapter Notes

WARNING: This chapter contains outrageous depictions of a legal system. I'm not a lawyer, I've just watched a lot of crime shows, I made all this up so don't crucify me for any bs you find. The wizarding world runs on bs anyway so

◑____________◑



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Harry woke to the now-familiar sensation of a dreamless sleep potion wearing off.

He’d had enough of them in the past several months after all, to be intimately familiar with what it was like to wake up after a full night of good rest, compared to what happened when he was waking up on his own. Even if he didn’t normally remember his dreams if they weren’t particularly vivid (if they weren’t a nightmare) now that he was used to dreamless sleep he could tell he always dreamed. Unless he had a potion, and then the process of waking up was slightly different, there was just something slightly unique about how he surfaced into the waking world. Not bad, but different.

Which is how he knew that everything behind his eyelids wasn’t a nightmare. No matter how every fiber of his body was insisting it had to have been his imagination.

He stared up at the dark drapes around the extremely comfortable bed he was in, the black-on-black lace and luxurious feel to literally everything he was touching gave away where he was, as if he didn’t already fully assume he was in Malfoy Manor.

He sat up, and could confirm it officially from the large, fancily decorated room. It was clearly a guest room, even with the artwork on the walls, the fancy pottery and the magical items on display atop the many beautiful furnishings. Harry wondered, idly, if Draco had ever even been in this room or if the Manor was so large and had so many other more interesting places to be, if he’d ever even bothered with what was clearly his mother’s work at being a perfect hostess.

He took stock and noted he was still in his night clothes. He had been, before being woken back in the cottage…

No, he couldn’t think of that right now.

A glance at the clock on one of the fancy night tables showed it was just after seven, and the trial started at nine. There wasn’t much time at all and he couldn’t—

He stood, noting his invisibility cloak hanging nicely from the wardrobe and his bag just beside it. He didn’t know all the details of how he’d gotten here, who’d done all this in particular, nor did he care as he dug through his bag for a change of clothes. He had plenty after all, things he’d never even unpacked at Hogwarts which would come in handy now.

Clothes picked, he found the attached bathroom with everything one could possibly want—toothbrushes, like seven types of hair brushes which he was sure were enchanted somehow, shampoos and more. He didn’t get comfortable, but got clean and dressed with clinical efficiency, braiding his hair back tightly since today would be a day he needed all his wits about him. No baubles or extras today, he looked in the mirror only enough to ensure he was presentable and his hair done well before he left—cloak and bag back on, in proper wizard robes for once given the world he was about to enter. They weren’t just a blank version of his school uniform either, they were deep navy with silver stitching and this was probably the first time he was actually dressed as a proper wizard of his own volition.

Back in the room, barely twenty minutes had passed but someone must’ve known he was moving because the little sitting area centered around a coffee table now had a tray of fresh tea and breakfast options on it.

So Lady Malfoy could take the hint that he didn’t want to be forced to eat with them right now.

He sat.

Looking at the options, all of it seemed unappealing. He knew he couldn’t do this on an empty stomach though and sighed, leaning forward to pick up the cup of tea at least…

As he lifted it he got a strong sniff of lavender though and almost hurled the cup at the window across from him, over the too-fancy sitting area in the pristine, stupidly lavish room filled with useless things that he couldn’t understand why anyone would want in their house. As it was, the cup hit the floor and the tea soaked into the expensive area carpet immediately, but he could give a shit.

“Earl grey lavender. It’s one of my favorites, if you wanted to try.”

“Shit.” Harry leaned forward, cupping his face in his hands and trying to hold it together, but he knew he couldn’t do this. I mean he could—he would—but this was… this was not good.

The appearing tea tray reminded him that he wasn’t as alone as he seemed to be.

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, trying to let it all out with his exhale but it didn’t work at all.

“…Turel?”

A gentle pop signaled she’d heard and appeared before him, but he didn’t lift his head.

“Good mornings Sirs! How can Turel help?”

“Sorry… the tea,” He managed to look up and winced as she already had the fallen teacup in her little hands. Big, alien eyes twinkled over a toothy grin though.

“It’s no worries at alls! I fix it quicks,” She snapped her fingers before Harry could react and the dark spot on the rug disappeared just like that. “Would Mr. Potters sir like more tea or somethings else?”

“…tea is okay. Just not lavender.” He got out stiffly. “And a calming draft… as many as I’m allowed to take with me.”

“Yes sirs! Just a moments,” Turel chirped, not seeming to mind the request at all nor even blink her bug eyes at the potions or what they might be for, she just disappeared with a soft little pop before Harry’s very eyes. He swallowed dryly.

He didn’t know how long she’d be gone but was on edge knowing she’d be back any moment, so he stood and paced the room, which actually required more walking than you’d think to traverse the entire space. He paused in front of an extremely expensive vase and considered shoving it off it’s ledge to watch it hit the ground, but forced himself to turn around and mind his business.

The clock ticked over to 7:30 am on the dot and he flexed his jaw.

He couldn’t do this.

He had to do this, and he would, but he also knew he couldn’t.

He was going to scream. Or rip his hair out. Or both maybe? It didn’t matter, he needed to do something or he was going to go insane.

No, actually, he’d passed whatever lines he’d drawn for his sanity in the dust behind him miles ago—there wasn’t even a trace of the human he once thought he was in the rearview mirror as he spun out, full speed at the cliff ledge ahead of him. And just like last time he was in Malfoy Manor, his vivid imagination was wrapping himself in the sensation of falling off the edge, not giving a shit about the fall and giving a half-hearted wish that he wasn’t conscious enough to care about the impact at the bottom.

Only this time it wasn’t Lady Malfoy who’d pushed him here, though he still felt as strong a desire as ever to start smashing the expensive, delicate decorations she’d put everywhere.

He paced, getting back to the sitting area and pressing the heel of his palms into his eyes and flexing his jaw.

He’d never regretted making his mindscape a graveyard more, because he knew that’s where he needed to go in order to get his head back on straight but the second he saw a gravestone with Remus Lupin on it he was going to—

A pop sounded behind him and he whipped around, Turel just taking a neat step back to be out of his direct space but giving a big smile as she lifted a box up to him. It was bigger than her entire body, so it seemed very odd to see her lift it above her head like that to be grabbing level for him.

“The Lady says you can take it all if yous likes! Turel will fetch more later,” She assured him and Harry took the box, putting it on the coffee table and immediately popping one to down it. That it had become such a familiar taste and sensation probably wasn’t a great sign but whatever.

As he sat back down onto the couch again the little elf placed a new cup of freshly steaming tea onto the tray before him, one that he was sure had just appeared out of thin air. Which obviously it hadn’t given what he knew of conjuration and Transfiguration but it did make him wonder about house elf magic and if it was different enough that they didn’t have to play by those rules or something, or she’d just summoned it from where it was waiting already-made in the kitchen. Probably the latter now that he thought about it. Or maybe house elf magic was insane and reality-breaking and no one in the wizarding world bothered to care about it or even mention it ever like they seemed to do with everything else mind-breakingly crazy.

“Anything else sirs?” Turel edged away politely, but glanced at the untouched tray as if worried he wasn’t going to eat it.

He probably wasn’t, but that wasn’t on her.

“No.” He dismissed her and she took the hint to disappear into thin air.

“…”

He leaned forward to grab another calming potion, downing it and then leaning his head on the couch back stiffly to close his eyes.

000

He stood at the gate of his graveyard but couldn’t make himself walk forward.

Except he knew he had to.

It was… like physical pain to force himself to take one step, then another, and then because this was his mind he was suddenly too close to his destination and wanted to run away with everything he had. He stopped in the middle of a grave line with the willow at the center of the mindscape ominously looming ahead, the sight of it catching in his throat and making his hands shake.

He couldn’t do it.

He turned on his heel as if to run, but the sight of the gate now far behind him and the blank darkness he knew lived outside of it froze him to his spot, rooted in something like terror but far closer to nausea.

“I can’t do this,” he coughed, glancing around at the graves around him as if someone would be able to tell him what he should be doing right now because he had no fucking clue. This far out from the center the graves had names of people he didn’t know very well—a second year Ravenclaw in the football club, the librarian in the muggle library he’d ready his Hogwarts letter in, the Contrair alley coffee shop owner where he’d eaten his breakfast the last weeks of summer. None of them would be able to help him, and he didn’t know them well enough to even guess at what they’d say to him now. All he could scrounge up from his imagination was that they’d probably be just as at a loss, since they didn’t really know him all that well either.

What would an adult say to some random child coming up to them and begging for guidance on something like this? There was no way he’d be able to tell a muggle librarian about who Sirius Black was, nor about werewolves or dark lords or deals with literal devils wearing snake skin.

He could imagine that middle-aged woman’s face if he were to try and talk to her now—something like shock and discomfort and confused pity. Like she was completely out of her depth at what this strange child was crying to her about now, and at a loss of both how to help, but also knowing this was so not her problem to deal with while she was at work.

Harry stiffened, suddenly realizing he knew exactly what she’d most likely say in that situation.

“Where are your parents, kid?”

He was running before it really sunk in what he was doing, but something inside of him blossomed to life like a firework bursting out from whatever box he’d tried so hard to keep it locked in. It wasn’t strictly a good feeling, it was that ugly, petty, awful bitterness he’d felt looking into that damn mirror last year. It was the injustice of hearing Moony cry out in pain, but sicker and darker and deeper in his soul than the pain he felt tearing at his throat until there were tears ripping down his cheeks.

It just wasn’t fair.

But here in his mind, when he would be talking to graves anyway, he knew exactly who to run to.

Because no matter how clever he pretended to be, he was twelve and scared and angry in a way he didn’t really understand, so he was going to run away from everything as fast as he could, and he was going to tattle on Moony with the one person he knew would judge the werewolf just as much as he was right now.

He pointedly did not look at any other graves as he ran right to the one closest to the center willow, knees hitting the dirt between pewter vases filled with flowers. Gone were the daisies, and all the lilies had turned a deep, pulsating red.

“Mom,” He gasped, and then he was crying.

Sobbing, more like.

He leaned onto the stone, hands clutching the top to prevent himself from sliding down it but forehead pressed to the cold stone, and he cried like he’d never cried before—except in Moony’s arms when he was being left behind again.

Like he was just a kid who wanted his mom, and since there was no one watching that’s exactly what he was.

“It’s not fair!” He got out, though it was strangled and wet. “Did you see what they did to him!? Dad was an auror—you married one of them!? How could you stomach it? Even if he wasn’t one of them he—they--!”

He screwed his eyes closed tightly, hands digging into the stone, but they made no progress into the unyielding surface.

“Remus was your friend, wasn’t he? He said you two were friends long before you ever gave Dad the time of day,” He tried to make sense of it, clawing at anything he could relate it to.

He imagined it was like him and Susan—they studied together and were maybe closer than some others but their friend groups only casually crossed. Gryffindor boys and Hufflepuff girls of the same year didn’t really have a ton of overlap besides in football club, but they were friends. Based on the stories Moony had told him, he imagined for much of their time at Hogwarts, that’s who Lily Evans and Remus Lupin had been to each other… and then only when Lily had started dating a boy Remus called family did they maybe become closer than that.

The feeling of sickening heat that flared from his chest lashed out along with his limbs, and he spun to kick senselessly at the grave beside his mother’s, a burst of rage and wet despair making it so he didn’t even feel his foot hit the stone.

“And YOU! You better not have been like that! Like them!? Remus was your friend first—he called you his brother! And Moony doesn’t do things like that, he’s afraid of even taking up space but he said you were his brother… which means at one point you convinced him it was true and you better have meant it or I’ll never forgive you!” He shouted at his father’s blank headstone, but predictably there was no response.

He slunk back against Lily’s grave, weariness robbing him of his strength just as fast as it’d come.

“Mom… Dad.” He could barely get the pleading words out through the tears, but he begged the universe to please… just let them hear him. “I…I didn’t kn-now Moony… I didn’t know him but I wanted to. I took forever to write him that first letter and I wanted to be so mad at him but in the end I couldn’t. He left me with the Dursleys for so long and I wanted to be so angry about that—I didn’t think there was anything I would ever be able to forgive for that but—”

He cut himself off, curling down into his knees and feeling his mother’s grave press coldly into his back. He had no idea if it was a comfort or not or he was just imagining things even more than he already was here.

“I didn’t know him but now I do… and now I’m going to this stupid trial and maybe I’ll meet Sirius but I—I want Moony.”

It felt bitter and childish to admit, but it was the truth.

“I didn’t mean for all this to—I mean I don’t know if I would’ve traded Moony for someone I don’t know if I’d known this was going to happen even if he was your friend too… you loved them both didn’t you? You wouldn’t have chosen, right? ….Did I choose wrong? Was this a mistake to even try…?”

“I want Moony.”

He cried sobbing it louder so he was sure every grave in earshot heard him now. Bitter and hopeless and childlike.

“And god… was it because he doesn’t think he’s worth it or—or does he just love Sirius more than me? Or both? Or nothing!? I knew from how he talked about him that he cared about Sirius so much… just—WHY would he let that happen!? We could’ve run away or done something but he didn’t want to! He wanted that!? No he didn’t— he just wanted to not cause trouble or what the fuck ever he was on about, but he just… I…” He sobbed, letting the tears flow as he lost what he was trying to say for a bit.

He didn’t know how long he sat there, but it was enough for a wave of tears to come and go, and though they didn’t stop he managed to catch his breath at least a little. There were still things clawing at the inside of his chest he needed to get out, and he wanted his mother to hear him say them—at least here, where no one else would.

“Mom…” He begged of the stone behind him, voice smaller than ever as he curled up around his knees tightly. “They were your friends right? Sirius will help me, right? I… want Moony back but I don’t know what to do. What would you do? What would Dad do? Moony can’t stand up for himself and I don’t know Sirius but they were your friends right… what am I supposed to do?”

He scrubbed his sleeve over his face, wincing through the blurry tears at the willow out ahead of him and trying to place words to what he was asking for help for here, but he felt… lost.

“You know I…I compared Remus to the white king, from Alice in Wonderland. Did you ever read that story? You were a muggleborn so you probably did… then again I’m pretty much a muggleborn and I didn’t so whatever.” He sniffed, biting at his lip. “It’s the weakest piece but the most important one, because without him the game is over… isn’t it? Whatever we’re playing now it’s not chess anymore, it’s just chaos. People are making up their own rules and doing whatever they want and I can’t win a game if there are no pieces. Though I’m stupid if I thought this was a game in the first place—there are no rules and there aren’t any winners. What did I even think winning was? Getting away from the Dursleys? I’m still winning but if this is it maybe I should’ve stayed at Privet Drive and never gone to Hogwarts at all. I never should’ve written to Moony, I never should’ve…I should’ve…”

He trailed off, biting his lip hard enough he tasted blood.

“Mom… Remus left me. And yeah I’m tattling because what the hell!?” He attempted to shout it out to the expanse of grass between here and the willow, but it came out strangled, and broken. He could only pretend to be angry at him, though he, and probably both his parents, knew it was a lie.

…he curled up tighter, pressing his eyes into his knees to try and staunch the flow of saltwater.

He tried to imagine Lily Potter’s response to this. She died so young, but even then she’d had at least a year as a mother and Harry wondered if it even took that long. He didn’t know what mothers were supposed to say, but he wanted to be able to imagine it.

He imagined the strong-willed girl Remus had told him about, scolding the werewolf for not taking his own life seriously. For being weak-kneed and giving in. For making her son cry and being foolish enough not to leave him at the Malfoys instead of risking him witnessing that.

But he also imagined that muggleborn witch, the favorite golden-child of a youngest daughter his aunt always sneered about—the one Harry imagined really was a ‘good girl’ since Petunia only ever pretended to be nice, maybe copying an example of genuine niceness she once had. The young witch who, despite marrying rich, saved her own salary to start a scholarship fund instead of attacking the doctrine that made the tuition disparity in the first place. The one who’d hated the Marauders for most of her school days because they were pranksters and class clowns and saw them as bullies.

She was a rule follower at heart, even if that heart had been in the right place. She probably wouldn’t have encouraged them to flee from aurors… even if she’d witnessed the brutality herself she would’ve done what Harry had done and tried to shield them, but she wouldn’t have imagined they were there breaking the law—and that they’d face no repercussions for it if they were.

He imagined that Gryffindor head girl, the same one who trusted her and her family’s life to Dumbledore’s Fidelus charm and paid the price for it. But in life she would’ve completely believed this was all only temporary, that Dumbledore would fix it and Remus would be out of Azkaban after the trial just like that, it was only while he served as a distraction to Fudge and all that…

The only moms Harry knew were people like Petunia Dursley, or Narcissa Malfoy. Both of them would burn the world for their kids, and absolutely would never give a fuck about anyone else. If Lily Potter were like them then she wouldn’t care what happened to Remus, just so long as he was safe but…

But Harry didn’t know if he wanted to imagine his own mom like them, he wanted to believe she was someone who once told Remus that he was her friend no matter if he was a werewolf or not, and that she’d have really meant it. That she wasn’t just a mother but also her own person, someone who treasured her friends like he treasured his.

If she were here he imagined that she’d be crying too, maybe out of frustration and anger instead of helplessness like him. Maybe she’d be gearing up to go get Moony back, even if she didn’t know how or why this had happened… but he also wanted to believe she wouldn’t blame him either. Maybe she’d yell at Remus when she got her hands on him again for being so stupid but… maybe she’d also just hold them both close so as not to lose them ever again.

Gryffindor head girl.

The Evans’ family’s golden child.

The popular girl who got the popular guy and then married essentially a cop.

Harry pressed his face into his hands until he saw stars, trying to stop the tears and the frustration that threatened to eat him alive. He wished he knew more about her because that couldn’t be all there was to her but he just—he would never get the chance to know more. He’d never actually know what she’d say in response to this and that cut way, way too deep when he was already bleeding out and had long since run out of hands to staunch the blood flow.

A part of him wanted to scream at his father’s grave beside him again but he couldn’t even stomach looking at it.

He knew that it was misplaced anger, misplaced disgust and ire, but he couldn’t shake it.

“What did I do wrong?” He asked aloud, maybe to his parents, maybe to the willow, maybe just the universe at large.

“I just wanted… I wanted what they had! Everyone else has—!” He bit his lip again, trying reel it in and not sound so childish before immediately abandoning it, knowing it didn’t matter here. “Everyone else has a family, and… all I have are graves. I don’t know what you’d say if you were here, I can only imagine it, but even then I might be wrong. It’s not fair… it’s not fair— I did everything I could! What did I do wrong!? What do I—how do I fix this?”

He complained to the world around him but received no answer.

Except… his eyes landed on the sky above him, and his wet squint turned into a full glare that made him cry harder, a new wave of despair crashing down on him.

Here in the graveyard, it was just as early an hour of the morning as it was in the waking world, and even here he could see the moon hanging innocently in the sky, though it was faint against the pale blue and quickly setting as the sun got stronger to the east.

It was nearly full.

If the full moon wasn’t tomorrow it would be in the next couple days, and this might’ve been his subconscious so he didn’t know the exact days off the top of his head, but the phases of the moon were never really that far from his mind these days. For obvious reasons.

In a kind world Sirius would be deemed guilty before lunch today, and Remus out before dinner. That was the optimistic world he suspected Lily Potter had believed she lived in, right until the end.

“This isn’t a kind world though.” He announced with a somber finality, a sadness and bitterness bearing down on him as he felt like he was breaking this news to his mother himself.

… it wasn’t her fault that she’d believed it though. Maybe… maybe it was a good thing she’d died still believing that white knights won and evil dragons lost just because that’s how things should work. What a world that would be, to live and die fully believing in things like that.

He was petty enough to be bitter about it, but he also couldn’t really fault Lily Potter for it either. He was just jealous to the pits of his mangled soul that he couldn’t live in that world with her.

He wiped his sleeve over his face once more, heedless of the saltwater and the snot, and found he had lost the comfort he’d initially gotten of tattling to his Mom. She’d be on his side he was sure, but he also knew she wouldn’t understand. Not really.

Not like Moony could.

He’d recovered just enough though to realize what he needed and get moving, crawling two graves over and ignoring the two in the middle very purposely to reach his target.

And just like he’d feared, seeing Remus Lupin etched in the pale grey stone fully strangled his heart where it tried to keep beating in his chest, though it really felt like it was losing that battle. He screwed his eyes shut and turned away from it, leaning his back against it to seek comfort here instead. It worked to a point, despite the fact it also hurt so fucking much.

There was a truth to the situation that he knew his mother would never understand. A simple truth that Harry himself knew would kill the little bit of light he still had inside of him, once and for all.

But it was a truth that was unavoidable, and pretending it wasn’t real wouldn’t help him move forward at all.

It was just, he’d seen the way those aurors looked at Remus. Spoke to him, treated him… there was no way they’d make the release process quick even if it all worked out in the trial.

He took a shaky breath, ignoring the wavering voice as the tears threatened to rip him under again.

“…you told me to tell Padfoot ‘hi’, and it’s because you knew you wouldn’t be able to, isn’t that right? Even you don’t think they’re going to let you out. Even if Madam Bones is not half as crooked as Fudge, even if Sirius can get on his feet and tries to get you out himself, it won’t be in the next couple days, will it? And a full moon in a place like that… Daphne told me all about it. You already hate yourself, don’t you? You hate the wolf and it hates you.”

His voice was wet but deadened as he laid out the accusations to the werewolf. Here in his mind Remus couldn’t hear him or respond, but somehow he knew there wherever the wolf was right now, they were both firmly on the same page here.

Moony had known.

Harry hadn’t wanted to believe it, but through a huge effort and trying to survive how his heart was breaking, he came to know it too.

Azkaban was a place where guilt and hatred drove you insane… and Remus, though he didn’t deserve it, had more guilt and hatred for himself than anyone. Harry didn’t know the specifics, but he was absolutely terrified that a transformation, where Moony would be forced to temporarily lose his mind, on top of every other despair Azkaban buried someone with…

Harry didn’t know if he’d come back from that.

And he suspected that Moony himself didn’t know either, when he’d agreed to go.

Harry stared up at the fading moon above him for a long while.

“…you have to live, Moony. You have to.” He curled his hands into fists. “Even if not all of you makes it back, please… yes I wanted to be free of the Dursleys but the rest of it was for you. I wanted to tell you that someday. Someday when I was Minister or at least in a better position, I would tell you everything and werewolf laws would be better and the world wouldn’t be so prejudiced… I was going to do so many things, even if I don’t know how yet I was going to try. But what…what do I do it you don’t come back?”

He might not have known what his mother would say, but against his will he could absolutely imagine what Remus would say.

“Don’t risk the trial on my behalf. Please pup, just stay safe and look after Sirius.”

That feeling Harry had once had, that warmth knowing that someone had wanted him when no one else did… that same sensation now choked him as it got caught in his throat. Because Remus didn’t care about himself, he only cared about getting Sirius free… and him.

His bite his lip again almost viciously, tears now hotter with frustration.

“I should never have told you about the Dursleys.” He decided blankly, his entire frame getting colder in the frosty early spring of the graveyard. He hadn’t felt the cold before, but he did now. “You somehow knew it already but I should’ve shut the fuck up. I shouldn’t have told you anything… and you wouldn’t have tried to help me. This wouldn’t have happened if I could’ve just shut my mouth for once.”

Because he could not fault Remus for caring about him. For wanting to get him away from the relatives he hated so much, since Harry himself had confessed how much he desperately wanted to be free of them. But it was entirely on him, that he’d known and started to truly believe that Remus cared about him and still been so stupidly honest. Even if Moony had somehow already known something was up, he should’ve gone to his grave insisting he was fine and it wasn’t that big of a deal, until after the trial at least. Or maybe just ever, so that the annoyingly kind werewolf wouldn’t have gotten involved and…

“I’m sorry,” he choked, turning and leaning his side onto Remus’ grave with new tears, a new guilt that was so unbelievably hot in his chest piercing him clean through. He leaned his temple against where Remus’ name was written and sunk in on himself miserably. “That’s what everyone says, isn’t it…? All your old friends just don’t want you around, or involved, or to do anything because they think you’re an inconvenience, don’t they? That’s why you apologize for everything and—and— and I don’t mean to be one of them but why did you have to get involved!? I didn’t want you to get hurt!”

It wasn’t Remus’ fault.

Like he couldn’t really get mad at him for the eleven years he’d been gone, Harry couldn’t really blame him for this either. Because he’d known Moony cared about him—he’d leaned on that reassurance heavily since the moment they’d met, used him for it even!— and so it was only so obvious that the werewolf would want to help. Harry himself had told him repeatedly to stop apologizing for just existing but the very moment Remus tried to be involved and do something for himself, Harry got mad at him?

He wasn’t that much of a hypocrite.

Remus was always just trying to his damn best, it just… it wasn’t good enough, for anyone. Ever, apparently.

And that fucking sucked but it inevitably sucked the most for Moony himself so Harry couldn’t hold it against him, even if it felt like he was ripping his own heart in half trying to reach that forgiveness.

No, it wasn’t Moony’s fault: it was his own.

He hadn’t regretted talking back to Quirrell and Voldemort last year, not even then despite knowing sometimes his mouth was too sarcastic for his own good and that he was a breath from death because of it. He deeply, deeply regretted confiding in Remus though, because he should’ve known the man would never be able to keep his promise of not doing anything.

Never again.

Absolutely never again was someone going suffer because Harry couldn’t hold his fucking tongue.

He sat up some and jabbed a finger into Remus’ grave, glaring at name etched in front of him.

“You’re going to live. I’m not asking, I’m telling you right now that you’re going to live. I’ve already sold my soul to the Greengrass family, but there are worse people out there that probably want a piece too. The Zabini’s for one, even if I have to end up marrying that psycho as payment or something.” He threatened, glancing to the side as he thought it over some. The scales in his head that Susan told him didn’t make things right were shifting now, tipping sharply in new directions he’d never considered viable options before. The weight of his consequences and his future were different now, and so the scales seemed to spin and realign sharply.

Suddenly a lot of things didn’t seem to matter anymore.

He cut them loose without hesitation, since they were dead weight now and he couldn’t afford to be held back anymore.

“Mrs. Malfoy too… she wants me and Sirius on her side so surely she’ll be able to help in exchange for me playing nice. I can do that.” He glanced over at his parents graved, eyes tracing over Sirius Black’s, unsure what to feel about it anymore.

But it didn’t matter, he’d decide later.

Reaching the final conclusion that it was his fault, the helplessness and frustration now neatly sorted into his tears over their graves, the world finally cleared some—enough that he could formulate a plan at least. And that’s all that had ever saved him before: his plans.

It got him into this mess in the first place, but in for a penny in for a pound and all that… it was too late to do anything else and doing nothing would never be an option.

He got to his knees, tears getting colder on his cheeks and the heaviness in his heart not letting up for a second, but he at least got with it enough to bear it. Almost two years ago now, the stone exterior of his soul that had shielded the tiniest of flames inside of him had cracked open when he set foot into Diagon Alley that first time. His world and his very being had been flood with color unlike anything he’d ever known and he’d never looked back. He’d trusted the promise of good things and the chaotic color of a magical world to be warm and safe and different than the cold, bitter winds of the world he’d once known.

It had taken far longer than he thought, but now he knew that opening his soul had been a mistake. It was all trick, a lie and fuck had he bought into it but…

Things were not different.

And he wasn’t sure what was left of that tiny flame of himself, whether it was still the flicker of a candle, nothing but an ember that was barely hanging on—or if it was an inferno now, made of all the most terrible things he hadn’t been able to stomach seeing of himself when he’d looked into the mirror of Erised, and fueled by a brand new sort of rage and hatred.

All he knew was that the fire was sealed off again, the stone thicker than ever and the buffeting winds of the world weren’t going to get close again.

Everything his mother might’ve said to him now was lost behind a barrier of stone and death, so it was impossible to know what she’d say or feel about all of this. He’d take after her example.

“You’re NOT going to die until I can fix this, got it Moony? It’s just one moon, it can’t kill you. So live until I can get you out, and then I can think about how badly I messed this up.” He announced, getting to his feet and shooting the grave before him a mixed look—trying to be threatening but knowing it likely came off pathetic from how red and wet his face probably still was.

He scrubbed his hands over his face, trying to get himself together.

Taking one last look at the peaceful graveyard around him, he noticed it was much quieter than he remembered it being.

000

It was 7:46am when Harry finally finished his tea. It was still hot, and was a normal black tea without a hint of anything floral or herbal.

Occlumency was a fascinating art, as he could’ve sworn he was in his graveyard for at least an hour if not more, and yet not much time at all had actually passed.

He finished the last of his tea and winced, the inside of his lip had been bitten nearly clean through and the hot liquid burned it unpleasantly. He got over it though.

He munched on a piece of toast despite not feeling hungry, but having a headache from lack of food later today would be annoying.

The clock clicked to 8:00 on the dot, when a soft pop to his right caught his attention. Turel smiled at him with a little bow, but noticeably out of his personal space.

“The Master says you’ll be leavings in ten minutes or so, Mister Potters sirs,” She informed him gently. Politely and gently, and he could tell from her posture she was about to pop back out of existence as soon as he nodded.

He was reminded of a lifetime when he also did his very best to pretend his footsteps made no noise, and that he barely took up any space in a place he knew he was inherently unwelcome.

His own hypocrisy was… telling.

“…Turel?”

“Yes sir?” She perked up, big eyes eager at the prospect he was actually talking to her, and way too kindly for how he’d been treating her since they’d met.

The scales had realigned after all.

“I know I wasn’t nice to you before… not really now either. I’m sorry.” He apologized to her, far overdue he was sure.

“Oh it’s alrights Mr. Potters sir! Turel is not minding it at all, Mr. Potters has a lots on his mind I thinks,” She assured him, and yeah… he got the feeling she was being completely genuine. Which made him an even worse person for how he’d been acting, he knew.

Nothing to be done about that now, he’d just correct the behavior moving forward.

“You’re really nice. I’m sorry for being… not that nice back.” He offered her a small smile and she gave a toothy grin of happiness back.

“Don’t mind it at all Mr. Potters, I’m just happys you are talking once again!”

He could only nod his agreement, though the root of the problem was still out there. There wasn’t a point in leaving it unaddressed anymore.

“…does an elf named Dobby work here?”

Her ears went back immediately, but answered dutifully. “Yes sirs. Dobby does.”

He couldn’t help but give a small smile at the reaction.

“Not a big fan?”

“House elves serve their families and ares happys to do it sirs! Turel has never mets an elf like Dobby before. He’s different sirs,” She winced a bit, and he found a comfort that they seemed to be on the same page about a shared… foe? That was probably the wrong word. Dobby was at least someone they had a shared distaste of, which was a bit of a relief. He wasn’t crazy, and Dobby was weird, even to other elves.

“He talked to me once. Draco sent him.” He recalled, “I haven’t seen him since.”

Turel twisted her hands in front of her but ducked her ears politely.

“If I may, Mr. Potters… the Master and the Lady noticed the blood on his towels after speakings with yous, and Master found out laters he’d done something to the Hogwarts trains platform even! Dobby hasn’t been able to leaves his room since, and the Lady told him nevers to talk to you.” She confessed, almost guiltily. “If you wanted to I could asks the Lady though?”

“No.” His response was immediate, automatic even—and he could tell Turel got the message by how she bowed her agreement of the request reassuringly.

The scales had shifted. Things that didn’t matter were tossed aside.

People who had proved themselves enemies, or at least hindrances, were not and never would be forgotten though.

He gave the elf before him though a once over, as Turel had never been anything but nice and helpful to him. Despite being loyal to the Malfoy family above all, she was still as open and honest with him as any one of his friends. More even, since she had this obligation to serve of sorts and had even been concerned he wasn’t going to eat his breakfast tray. Only Draco and Neville had ever given him looks of concern if he wasn’t eating.

And unlike Dobby’s ratty old cloth, her little dress was clearly an old tea towel but made of pitch black, soft cotton with a beautiful crest representing the family she served dead center on her tiny torso. The edges even had this frilly lace done in neat pleats.

“… Draco said that giving an elf clothes would dismiss them. That’s why you wear towels? Although yours…” He asked, and she beamed up at him—holding out the edges of her skirt to show off her outfit eagerly.

“I’m happys workings for the Malfoy family! Turel takes great prides in it! I made this myself sinces its easy and such—all elves know magics for darning and things! The Lady embroiders cloth that we’re permitted to use if we’d like and all elves of the manor do,” She explained.

“Except Dobby.”

She froze for a beat, then winced. “Yes sirs,”

“He’s not exactly happy to serve, is he.”

“…Turel doesn’t thinks so, Mister Potters, no.” She confessed gravely. “A free elf knows things though which is why families with secrets don’t go easily dismissin’ their elves. I know the Lady thoughts of it when she sees the blood but it’s not something to be doin so easily.”

Dobby hadn’t wanted him to go to Hogwarts, that much had been obvious. First with the shed, then even the platform it sounded like? He hadn’t suspected at the time but clearly the platform being ‘broken’ for the first time ever in Hogwarts’ history was something the head of the school board had looked into, and when Mr. Malfoy found out it was his own elf that had done it Harry was sure it hadn’t gone well. That Dobby was willing to risk his own master’s wrath meant he really hadn’t wanted Harry to go though, which was…

Concerning.

He’d deal with this later though, this entire conversation was a nice distraction before the chaos the day, but that’s all it was. Dobby was locked up somewhere by Mrs. Malfoy and he didn’t really have the position to ask her to let him out, much less the mind to.

“You’re happy here though?” He felt the need to ask, and she nodded firmly.

“Very happys sir!” She puffed her chest out proudly. “Turel is prouds to be Lady Malfoy’s favorite elf!”

And well, that was enough for him.

He offered a small, polite smile. “You should add cap sleeves to the towel. There has to be bits of green fabric somewhere around here you could use, and it’d be less outdated than the lace.” He suggested.

Turel blinked wide eyes up at him, then beamed like the sun was rising twice this morning.

“Yes sirs! Turel is excited to try something new!”

000

He would not break apart just because he was on his own again.

It was just a dream, after all, the idea that he’d be just as excited to go home for the holidays as his classmates, like Dean or Seamus or Susan or Lu or…

That one Christmas he got was honestly probably more than he deserved, given how he lied and used people and worse. It was only going to get worse from here on out, he knew, going by how this world apparently worked. It wasn’t going to stop, so neither was he.

Let the winds howl and buffet against him, he was once again stone as he left the guest room he’d been given to follow Turel to the main entrance of Malfoy Manor.

In the back of his head he was plotting on the very violent demise of several aurors, and the thoughts gave him peace. He knew he would feel not a drop of remorse to hear them scream one day, nor did he care what that said about him anymore. Mr. Salt-and-Pepper even had a family, with kids probably younger than him even since he didn’t know anyone at Hogwarts with the last name Fisher yet, but they were just going to have to be without their father someday. He knew how it felt after all, and they’d live.

Just like he’d live, no matter what it took.

But the darker thoughts were the reason it was all the more important that when he could be kind, he chose to. The house elves, Turel, even Dobby wherever he was—those were not the battles to fall in, not when he had something much bigger ahead of him.

Even Mrs. Malfoy.

He wasn’t strictly comfortable around her but honestly she’d done nothing but help so far, which meant she wasn’t an outright enemy or threat. She wasn’t an auror and clearly neither she nor her husband were friendly with any of them for obvious reasons, so on paper they were actually good allies to have.

That had always been true he supposed, but in the dawning light of this particular morning, Harry felt his priorities getting a sharp realignment and abruptly couldn’t give a shit about if Narcissa Malfoy wanted him to have family dinner at some point in the future. Sure, whatever, he’d was sure Turel’s cooking was fantastic and he’d have Draco with him so he no longer cared about if they did or did not eat a meal together ever again.

Again, it wasn’t important.

Anything useful he’d ever been able to do had taken a lot of planning, and time. Which meant he needed to check his impatience and face today first, then plan what happens next later. By tonight even, he’d at least know if he was going to get to spend the summer holidays with Sirius or if he’d need to unearth one of his many contingency plans. There was nothing he could do about Moony right now, and any planning he did do would inevitably be ruined by whatever happened in the trial today. Who knew what was going to happen after all, he’d traded his name—potentially his life even—to Sebastian Greengrass to make this happen but clearly he didn’t know all the details.

Because this was an adult’s game and he was a kid. A clever, rich kid who’d done a lot already… but there was a lot more to the world out there that he wasn’t ready for, things he couldn’t handle and acting like he could just pray for the best and things would work out okay was naïve to the point of lunacy.

Which is why it was more important than ever that he keep it together, and pay attention.

“Good morning, Harry.” Narcissa stood primly by the large, ornate fireplace the Malfoys used as their official entrance, since floo seemed to be the main form of transportation in and out of this place. He figure she and Mr. Malfoy could apparate in, but wards prevented anyone else from doing so like they did at Hogwarts.

“Mrs. Malfoy.” He greeted as politely as he could.

He didn’t mention anything that happened last night or anything else. Whether they noticed (he figured they did) or cared (he figured they didn’t) he offered no further information to things to discuss.

“I’m sure you have a lot of questions. Was Lupin able to explain the trial situation to you?” She asked.

No, he hadn’t.

Remus had figured out that Harry had known probably too much and decided to pretend everything was fine, at least for a little while. Lady Malfoy had never looked down on him like she was now, to not realize how informed he actually was. Which, was kind of a nice change of pace—for once he knew a little bit more about the situation than the adult Slytherins around him.

Not that he was going to key her into that.

He nodded once. “He believes Sirius is innocent.”

“So do I.” She gave him an equally blank smile. “Do you?”

“I guess. Remus told me some stories about him but I’ve never met him to know.” He deflected.

“Well, you can decide for yourself at the trial today. As discussed, Lucius will be taking you so if you have any questions about how the trial works, ask him.”

“Right,” He agreed but only half meant it. He’d only risk it if it were strictly necessary and he suspected there was a large piece of information he was missing. Hopefully that would not be necessary as he was uninterested in acting like the twelve-year-old he was that was pestering his chaperone with stupid questions.

“There is no need to be uneasy. In matters as important as this, most of the determination has already been done before the trial even starts—it’s only a matter of making things public record and having an official ministry decree of innocence. There will likely be people yelling at each other but it’s all a show you needn’t worry about too much.” She assured him, almost kindly. Actually, probably genuinely kindly, he just didn’t believe she actually meant it at all.

“If things have already been decided, then you know he’s innocent? And that’s for sure how it’ll go?” He couldn’t help but ask of her, warily.

“I do.” Lucius answered for her as he came up from the side, adjusting a rich black cloak around his shoulders and dusting himself off of any non-existent dust, clearly ready to go as promised. “If nothing else, I was informed that Edith Valencia will be Black’s counsel, and you may not be familiar with her but I assure you she’s a formidable woman to be up against. Whatever solicitor the Ministry hired will no doubt be a bit lacking in comparison to someone like her, so Black is in good hands.”

Oh, that’s… good?

“Is she… a Slytherin? Or a Ravenclaw?”

“Neither. I believe she went to school abroad.” Mr. Malfoy sniffed, as if the idea was distasteful to him. “I haven’t seen her in nearly five years honestly, she normally works in international law and finds things like this quite tedious, so clearly this caught her interest.” He pulled out a gleaming silver pocket watch to lazily check the time. “Which will be good, as the counsel for the Ministry is predictably weak. It’s Donald Reeds, dear.”

He spoke that last part mainly to his wife, who smiled enough to show teeth and it sent a shiver up Harry’s spine.

Harry wondered if there were any good lawyers left on Ministry payroll without the snakes, as obviously they wouldn’t work for the government and he could only assume any Ravenclaws that became lawyers would be far more honest and fact-driven than the sorts Fudge or Dumbledore wanted repeating their rhetoric. Actually, Harry doubted even a Hufflepuff would, as their sense of justice was far too strong and they weren’t nearly as loyal to Dumbledore as Gryffindors were. They’d have to be a rather gullible one he supposed… but a gullible lawyer didn’t seem like a good one.

He really doubted Gryffindors would even be lawyers in the first place. There was too much reading associated with the job, and you needed to keep a cool head in court which was unlikely in most lion scenarios.

I take that back, Hermione would be a great lawyer probably. I’d pay good money to see someone try and win an argument against her.

“And this Reeds guy is… not good?” He wondered aloud cautiously, hyper aware he was already breaking his silent wish not to ask too many questions.

“Mediocre, at best.” Lucius drawled.

“He’s got a decent reputation, admittedly. Ms. Valencia will have no issues with him though.” Mrs. Malfoy assured him without further detail. Harry knew there was probably a lot more to it but as it was the first time he was hearing these names and had no idea what reputations, strengths, or weaknesses either of them had, he’d just have to let it go for now.

“We best be off then.” Lucius announced, and Narcissa folded her hands in front of her serenely.

“Do enjoy. I’ll expect you both for dinner.” She bid them farewell with much further ado.

While it was nice she seemed to have so much confidence in how the day was going to go that she was making dinner plans, Harry also couldn’t shake the feeling that the invitation was also somehow a threat.

000

If Harry still had it within him to give a shit about the fantastical magical world, he would’ve paid more attention to the Ministry of Magic during his first trip here. As it was, even the gleaming line of floo fireplaces and majestic black marble entrance hall just pissed him off a bit. Any interest he might’ve had was gone from him now that he knew what kind of people actually inhabited the supposedly chaotic, fluttering halls.

He’d walked the halls of Hogwarts during class changes and in a lot of ways this was no different, except the halls were full of adults a lot taller than him, forcing him to walk close to Mr. Malfoy’s side as he lead them with a sort of assurance to the right location. He didn’t even bother to pay attention to where it was they were going, as it seemed like a waste of brainpower and it was Mr. Malfoy’s job to escort him anyway.

What he did take note of, was the room the trial was to take place as they entered and found their seats. When hearing talk about ‘seats’ and whatnot he imagined there being, like, literal chairs belonging to family representatives but was proven wrong when it seemed to be more like stadium seating, with long benches made of the same black wood the rest the raised seating was. The room was tall, black bricks stark and coming to a point with a stained glass skylight above them depicting something he couldn’t make out, and the central area to the round room lowered a bit and lined in a tile mosaic. The same black wood made up half walls preventing the onlookers from going down onto the main ‘court’ itself, as well as a large outcropping where, presumably, some sort of judge would sit to preside over this trial.

The center of the tiled court had a large, utilitarian looking chair that would likely hold the man of the hour himself shortly. It was facing the judge’s platform and to Harry’s slight disappointment that meant where they were sitting would be directly to Sirius’ left, so unless he was looking around there was a chance he wouldn’t see him. Not that he was mentally ready to actually meet his absent godfather all of a sudden, he’d kind of assumed they’d officially meet afterwards once he was declared free—to actually see each other in this situation where he probably shouldn’t be distracting him honestly, Harry had no idea what kind of face he should make.

Should he smile? That seemed in poor taste somehow.

He also wasn’t sure he could make a smile look believable at this point, so the attempt might just make things worse.

He put it from his mind to focus on the people filing into the room and taking their seats. Many were in plain day robes but there was a line of people in red robes that took the lowest bench closest to the court, that Harry wondered about. He wasn’t going to ask though, he was sure he’d figure it out once things started.

What really caught his attention, was the small talk happening around him as men and woman filled in around them and were all chatting animatedly about the only topic that clearly mattered right now: the trial of the decade that was about to happen.

“Reeds? What is Fudge thinking?” The man who found his seat in front of him and Mr. Malfoy was complaining to his friend beside him, both adjusting their robes to settle in.

“I thought McAdams was going to be the prosecution? What the hell happened?”

“I would’ve taken McAdams, rumor is Fudge had Janssen looking into this when it first kicked off.” The woman on the other side of the second man chimed in and both men made noises of distress.

“Merlin, but he’s a quack! I guess Reeds is better than that, but still. Where are people like Brown, or Mills even!”

“I heard they declined the job. Apparently there might’ve been a couple others too but they all backed out when they learned the details of the case.”

“That’s…” The second man shook his head, but seemed visibly uneasy. “But he’s a madman, there’s no way he could actually be innocent!”

“But didn’t you hear? Barty Crouch announced his retirement this morning.” She countered smoothly, nose in the air to flaunt her foreknowledge.

It wasn’t just the two men then, three more groups on either side and in front of them that clearly knew each other despite not being on small-talk terms apparently overheard that and gave various noises of indignation and shock.

“W-what?” A man a row below them turned fully in his seat to give her a wide look. “Where did you hear that?”

“But Black’s not yet been deemed innocent! That’s practically an admission he fucked up all those years ago, isn’t it!?” Someone else cried.

“No way, even if he was right he’d have to retire after what happened with his son. Just his name being anywhere near this mess after all that happened was probably the nail in the coffin, even if he was shunned to a different department.”

“Such a shame, he had such promise. I remember a time when people were saying he’d be the next Minister of Magic.” An older woman several people down Harry’s own row drawled out imperiously.

“I sort of wish we’d gotten him over Fudge,” Someone scoffed.

“Oh don’t say that, you know what he was like. He’d have spent our entire budget on aurors to track down non-existent death eaters, even after the fighting was done.” The first man scolded them all at large. “You don’t need a hunt master when there’s no hunt, and Barty Crouch is a man best suited for war. He was never going to be Minister in a time of peace. He was also never going to be the presiding judiciary over a trial that he himself bungled eleven years ago, and no matter how this trial goes his name is going to be dragged through the mud for weeks yet for Black never getting a trial in the first place—innocent or guilty, it doesn’t matter. The man’s already lost enough, I’m not shocked he’s retreating before it kicks off—I wouldn’t want to be involved in this either.”

“And in the small chance Black is found innocent, his career is over then and there.”

“His career was likely over when he sent his own son to Azkaban,” Someone to Harry’s right he didn’t see half muttered, though it was a poor attempt at being ‘under the breath’ given nearly everyone heard it. A few huffed and shifted in their seats but didn’t directly respond to it.

Harry couldn’t help but sit there with wide eyes as he absorbed all of this… who the hell was this guy? He sent his own son to Azkaban!?

He was suddenly very glad it sounded like this Barty Crouch would not be here today at all.

“Nevertheless, there is something fishy going on. The rotation of solicitors for the prosecution and the rumor someone like Brown declined is quite telling.”

“He could just not want his name tied to this mess,”

“Since when has Brown cared about anything like that? The man doesn’t even say hello if you pass him in the hall,” huff

Must be that Ravenclaw lawyer I wondered about, Harry mused.

To the light side their greatest lawyers were most likely the bookworms who liked the law side of it, and for sure probably had a strong sense of justice, but were good because of their academic skill and quick thinking. That someone who probably had a strong reputation of knowing every single law and how to apply them in a court setting had looked at this trial and declined to try and argue against Sirius probably did make a lot of light sided folk start to feel uneasy.

They’d come into this trial expecting to see a re-run of the old death eater trials that had once happened, something that was a done deal and had just been missed eleven years ago. Going by the atmosphere and the chatter he was overhearing, very few thought, much less even doubted that Sirius Black was guilty.

Pre-conceived notions and all that. Changing them would be hard—a Slytherin would take the hint that a reputable light lawyer had declined to be involved in the prosecution as a big hint that things were not the way they seemed, yet most people around him were doing their best to explain it away as irrelevant since it didn’t fit in with what they already believed.

Harry tried to subtly look around the room at the various faces to see if he recognized anyone, but perhaps it was because he was sitting next to Mr. Malfoy that people were almost pointedly not looking his way. From what he was gathering though, this wasn’t just about presenting the facts and getting a judge to agree Sirius was innocent, which from his understanding was a foregone conclusion, but it was probably more importantly about getting the people in the room to agree to it too.

Things seemed to be calming down and the stream of people now merely a trickle of stragglers as the room was now all but full, and his attention was caught by a very hassled looking, portly man entering late but clambering over the now crowded benches to sit in front of the trio before Harry—who immediately were prodding him with questions.

“Who is it!?”

“Did you find out?”

“It’s Bennett.” The man dotted sweat off his brow as he informed them over his shoulder tersely. Again, whispers broke out immediately as a new ripple of shock was introduced to the equation.

“What? Why?”

“He’s barely out of Hogwarts, isn’t he?”

“Who?”

“The man’s been out of school ten years Erich, he’s not a child exactly but… ah, yes, he’s a bit young for something like this.” The first man cleared his throat, looked doubtful even as he defended whoever this was. “Not to mention most of his experience is with broom violations at best, so a death eater trial is certainly something new.”

“Above his paygrade, you mean.” The woman snapped bluntly.

Mr. Malfoy also apparently heard this and actually cared for once, giving a small hum beside Harry. “How interesting.”

“Who is this guy?” Harry felt the need to ask if it was important enough the otherwise unconcerned ex-death eater beside him actually found it worth noting.

“Apparently he will be the judge for today.”

“Do you mean interesting as in good or bad?”

“That will remain to be seen.” He sniffed blankly. Unhelpful bastard. “If memory serves, he was actually at Hogwarts with Black for a time, so the most interesting thing will be to know how biased that will make him. Who knows what verdict he could make; I certainly do not. And given most trials are forgone conclusions, suddenly my interest has been caught.”

Wait, isn’t there a vote!? Isn’t that why I’m here!? What about the seats Mr. Greengrass was talking about!?

“Is that judge the one who decides everything?” He couldn’t help but ask lowly, trying not to have this conversation overheard like all the other conversations around them, and give away that he was a stranger to Wizengamont dealings. It was already a small miracle no one had outed him as ‘Harry Potter’ just yet, but he figured his red hair was doing some things to divert expectations since he was supposed to look like his father’s clone to the old folks here who once knew James Potter.

Lucius just shook his head. “No, the innocent or guilty verdict is done by a vote of the Wizengamont present. It is done at the time of judgement at the end of the trial, but the judge determines the exact punishment or restitution for the outcome.”

“Do I need to vote? The Potters had a seat once, right?” It was a risky thing to ask as it probably gave away that he knew more than he was pretending to, but he needed to know what to do so as not to upset anything Mr. Greengrass had planned. Not to mention he suspected Mr. Malfoy was purposefully withholding some information.

He was given a look that gave nothing away, but knew Mr. Malfoy had caught onto him. Thankfully he didn’t call him on it though.

“You do not need to do anything. The vote is taken by intention, meaning whatever you believe at the time the vote is called will be recorded before the judge so he may see the tally.” He explained.

At once, Harry realized that was probably why Mrs. Malfoy asked what he believed this morning. Maybe that was another reason she let Remus take him for the weekend too—so that the werewolf could ‘convince’ him of something she thought he was learning about for the first time, and be sure the Potter vote went towards Sirius innocence.

It wasn’t a terrible plan… part of him realized that, in another world where he wasn’t the one behind this entire trial happening at all and he was coming into this knowing nothing but that the papers were claiming Sirius had betrayed his parents, if he did ‘vote’ against him and the Potter family seat ended up condemning Sirius Black because of his god forsaken Gryffindor temper…

…well, he could practically feel his father rolling over in his grave.

The darkly ironic tragedy that would be was kind of breathtaking.

This wasn’t just who voted for what, you needed to believe what you were voting for…which was kind of interesting, as you couldn’t just vote one way or another as benefitted you even if you didn’t believe it. It probably made some death eater trials hard for them since half the snake side of the Wizengamont didn’t just believe, but knew some of their fellows were guilty.

He felt his hands go cold in his lap as it also clicked that this meant Dumbledore not voting for werewolf reforms wasn’t just because he was selfish or uncaring or conniving, but because he genuinely didn’t believe in them.

…it also meant that if he were to change those laws one day, he needed more than half this room to actually believe in supporting them too.

The fuck.

Nope, that was later problem. One thing at a time, and time was not in his favor as the chattering going on around them started to quiet, and he saw several people checking their watches anxiously. Must be about time then.

He glanced to his other side but a tall, dark-haired woman with a large hook nose sat beside him and was pointedly ignoring his very being. She looked all the part of a stereotypical Slytherin and figured it was only par for the course if the Malfoys had arranged (ahem, bribed) someone to sit beside them and mind their own business in an attempt to hide Harry’s presence here some. He really wondered why no one had called out there was a child here today, much less recognize him if he was so famous, but he wasn’t going to question it since it worked in his favor for now.

How very Gryffindor of me.

He nearly jumped when there was a sharp sound of knocking on wood and the room fell into sharp silence instantly—the door opposite the entrance everyone else had entered through opening and several people coming out. A blond man in spectacles, a brunette man with kind of floppy hair, a tall man with hollowed cheeks like he was sucking on something stupidly sour, a woman with long straight black hair and sun-kissed skin, and a pack of who Harry instantly clocked as aurors.

He barely managed to keep the snarl off his face and remain blank, focusing on the task at hand.

“Judge presiding, Caelus Bennett.” The man with spectacles sat at a small desk below the tall pulpit with a stack of paper and a quill already out and writing, the man with flopping hair taking place at the high desk which meant that had to be Bennett himself.

The man was younger than Harry thought he’d be, but blank and handling the pressure of what was happening around him apparently well. Then again Mr. Malfoy had said he was at Hogwarts with Sirius ‘for a time’, he didn’t say he was a classmate or that he was older. Going by pure looks Harry wondered if he wasn’t maybe a third year or younger when the Marauders had been graduating.

Mid-twenties seemed old to him but given even Harry was kind of expecting another old man like Dumbledore he was sure a lot of people thought he was way, way too young for something like this. Going by the whispers suddenly going around, the room clearly thought he was biting off more than he could chew at a chance to develop his career, while also looking right down their noses at him. There was this slight hint of distain or dislike to the whispers, but Harry didn’t know enough to know why.

Even whoever Crouch was, when people were talking about him sending his own son to Azkaban they’d had a warmer tone, like it was a shame he’d ‘fallen from grace’ or whatever had happened. This guy didn’t seem to have anything outwardly bad about him that people were saying outright, but there was a coldness to their faces as they saw him enter the chamber and take a seat at the wooden pulpit overlooking the lowered area.

“In the proceeding of the Ministry vs. Black v.12, judicial presiding of Bennett on behalf of the Counsel of Magical Law on Monday the—"

Bennett took no time in proving he wasn’t just a young politician to Harry at least, as he had barely taken his seat before he was spouting off jargon that Harry blinked and missed, the blond man below scribbling a quill over a parchment rapid fire at his words. Even as clever as people called him sometimes, that was a lot of legalese he barely caught, before focusing in when there were finally names he recognized—sort of.

“On behalf of the Ministry of Magic, a Mr. Donald Reeds, and representing a Mr. Sirius Orion Black, a Ms. Edith Valencia. Will counsel and defendants take the floor.” Bennett spoke rather fast, yet clear and in a business-like tone, as if he’d done this a thousand times and this morning’s was no different. Like he had ten cases to get to today and this was just the first in his lineup that needed to get underway quickly so that it could wrap up just as fast.

The lawyers in question identified themselves with small nods when their names were read. Reeds was tall, middle-aged, wearing plain black robes which seemed to be a default in the somber chamber.

Valencia however, was eerie as shit.

She was in a wizard-colored muggle pantsuit, which threw him completely for a loop, pretty in a heavy-browed kind of way, and her long straight hair probably unnatural given he could see the ends of it starting to curl out. She only came up to Reeds’ shoulder at best even in her lethal looking heels, but the slender lines of the suit made her seem tall anyway. The most concerning part was that while Bennett had this business-like casualness and Reeds’ lips were screwed up in a sour-puss press, she was smiling like she was displaying something flashy on TV. Like she was the pretty lady on a game show whose only job was to walk around showing the grand prize to the live studio audience around the room—but instead of any applause the near deafening silence that met her greeting smile had Harry stiffen slightly in his seat.

At least she’s on our side I guess…

So distracting was she that for a second Harry missed what she was apparently displaying for them all, and that two men in matching clothes to her were escorting someone to the chair in the center of the room.

He hadn’t seen a single picture of him yet, as there weren’t any in the album Hagrid had given him last year and the Daily Prophet article only had scary pictures of Azkaban—an ominous dark castle in the middle of the sea apparently. He had no idea what preconceived notions he might’ve had of his godfather, but...

But he suddenly remembered someone standing over his shoulder as he looked into a mirror in an empty, dimly lit classroom in a draft castle. A young man with long black hair and the eeriest pair of blue-silver eyes leaning on James Potter’s shoulder casually, eyes alight with life and laughter and crinkled in delight.

That was the man who took a seat of his own free will on the large dark chair. Much older now, much thinner with deep circles beneath the same eyes Harry knew from the mirror. Not nearly as playful or relaxed given the circumstances, but just as handsome despite the years and… well, his free-spirited countenance had once been care-free and flippant. Somehow it was still there, this defiance in the way he stared daggers up at the judge and the people in red robes around him.

He'd once been a wild creature who’d never known a leash, but was now intimately familiar with the inside of a cage. He hadn’t been broken though, hadn’t ever accepted the situation or let it go. He was still that wild person who was just… a lot more jaded now, maybe.

Harry had no idea what he felt about this situation, honestly.

True to his suspicion though, Sirius didn’t see him since his eyes were piercing the panel in front of him—all of which besides Bennett were doing a great job not meeting his gaze.

“The matter of concern today is the arrest of Sirius Orion Black, who was arrested just after the early morning of November 1st, 1981.” Bennett announced, moving the papers on the desk in front of him around calmly and precisely, laying one at the top pointedly, and with that it seemed the trial officially began. “The arrest notice I have here states the reason of arrest to be the murder of Peter Pettigrew, as well as twelve muggles. There was no arrest warrant, it was done as judgement of the aurors responding to a call sent out by Mr. Black himself.”

Harry blinked, not having known that information. Sirius called the Ministry himself? He was an auror at the time after all, but if he’d really been intending to kill Peter he wouldn’t have called the cops on himself as he did it.

If it were true though then someone in the DMLE had really fucked up.

“The case today is the cause of arrest. Mr. Reeds,” he prompted unceremoniously, and while Harry didn’t know what the apparently obvious question was, clearly those on the floor knew precisely what their roles were as the thin man straightened up and folded his hands behind his back calmly.

“The prosecution agrees with the arrest notice and would like to add to the charges laid against Mr. Black today, the deaths of James and Lily Potter as well as crimes committed a known death eater.” He announced.

It wasn’t like that was unexpected, but Harry still hated the tense moment of silence that followed that. It’s what everyone had believed for over a decade anyway, but to have the crimes actually put aloud that way felt horrible. The only one who moved was actually Sirius himself, as he leaned forward as if he couldn’t help himself, face flickering in unholy anger.

Harry noticed Valencia had a hand on her client’s shoulder though—and was white-knuckling a death grip into him that he didn’t seem to react to at all, too focused on his own outrage.

But, he didn’t say anything.

“Ms. Valencia.” Bennett prompted curtly.

“The defense pleads not guilty to all crimes posed, and would like to counter for damages caused by imprisonment without trial beyond the legal timeframe.” The woman smiled politely, her words short and somehow honey sweet despite looking like they’d come from a mouth of barbed wire.

Judge Bennett seemed notably unsurprised, having seen this coming a mile away. Most did, given that if Sirius were innocent then obviously they’d exceeded the length of time you were able to be detained before sentencing—exceeded it by about eleven years in fact. From what little Harry had learned from the Prophet article announcing this trial, it was that the legal amount of time you could be imprisoned before sentencing was measured in days—weeks perhaps, during wartime as it had once been. Years, much less over a decade was an insane fuck up, and to counter-sue the Ministry or maybe just the DMLE itself… well, Harry didn’t know who’d take the fall or if it’d even be talked about here today, but whoever it was, they would be done for if this actually worked.

He was focused, so he only half heard the whispering that broke out, since while no one was strictly surprised, it was a little exciting to the crowd to hear the official terms laid out like this. The official counter being not guilty of any of the accused crimes meant this was going to be a direct clash, and just as exciting as the papers promised it’d be, even if half the room thought Valencia and Black were arguing in vain.

“The court accepts the charge and counter. Prosecution will have a chance to lay their charges and we will follow up with the defense. It will be brought to a vote and I will give sentencing based on the outcome and the evidence provided here today. Are there any questions from counsel or the defendant.” Bennett looked across the three on the floor but no one spoke up—Valencia shooting Sirius a rather cheerful smile.

Harry almost laughed when the guy rolled his eyes as if he could not be more annoyed by her, but pointedly sealed his lips anyway.

Okay that was kind of funny.

“Very well, Mr. Reeds you have the floor to start.”

“Thank you, sir,” The man was at least polite, and his voice was actually surprisingly deep and pleasant, but it didn’t matter as Harry already hated him on principle. “To begin, I think the charges laid against Mr. Black speak for themselves. Despite the years that have passed, how could anyone forget the carnage of that night, a night many others spent celebrating the end of a horrific war—a war we have all lost loved ones to. Aurors arrived on the scene to witness Mr. Black exploding the street he was standing on, resulting in the death of Peter Pettigrew and twelve muggles who were innocent bystanders to the massacre. To let such a horrendous act go without punishment would be a disrespect to the families who lost loved ones that night, but more than that, to families who lost anyone to the war itself! Mr. Black’s angry actions that day, despite the war finally being over, prove he was not on the side celebrating victory then, but a man outraged to have lost. A good man does not kill those he once considered friends, and a sane man does not rage in the face of a time of peace. I am here today, before you all, to simply ensure the closing of a chapter we all thought well and done with for years now, so that the families of the deceased may not be bothered by this any longer.”

It was a nice speech and all, it perfectly reflected the public sentiment for sure.

By the way Valencia was fixing her hair since it was about to be her turn to speak, clearly she didn’t care that much about the flowery words though. Even Sirius, who looked pissed at every word that dripped from his mouth, seemed to have expected nothing less and was looking at his lawyer as if to say hurry the fuck up before I say something instead.

“Mr. Valencia, your response.” Bennett waved his hand.

“I’m keep my rebuttal short, Mr. Reeds, since the evidence ‘speaks for itself’, as you say. First question: which aurors witnessed Mr. Black’s alleged crime?” She posed politely.

“Their names have been submitted into evidence, as you very well know Ms. Valencia.” Reeds, to his credit, didn’t look frazzled but the deflection was a bit obvious in Harry’s opinion.

“I do, but given one of them passed of a heart attack six years ago—my condolences to the family—and the two other names listed have, in fact, not submitted written testimonies that I have seen at least, are they here to give verbal testimonies on the record today?” Valencia didn’t miss a beat, and by the way Reeds’ jaw flexed clearly she already knew the answer to her question.

“They have declined to comment.”

“Very well. Now, I see you have submitted the investigation report on Mr. Pettigrew’s death to the record today. Mr. Reeds can you state, for the court record, what spell was used to kill Mr. Pettigrew and those muggles? Or perhaps their varying cause of deaths if they were not killed by the same force.”

Reeds squinted his eyes a bit but didn’t flinch.

“As everyone knows, only Peter Pettigrew’s finger was found at the scene of the crime. There was no way to determine the official cause of death without more of a body than that.”

“So he was merely presumed dead? Who made the pronouncement?” She slipped in quickly.

“He is presumed dead, as one would be if you were missing the entirety of one’s body.” He shot back, at attempt of humor not quite hiding his streak of annoyance at her questions. “The muggles were all killed due to rubble from the explosion caused by the spell shot at the street.”

“And what spell caused the explosion?”

Reeds brow flickered, like that was a question he wasn’t actually prepared for, but was still unconcerned with it.

“As it was a muggle street, the Department of Misuse of Muggle Artifacts declared that something called a ‘gas line’ was disrupted and caused the full explosion. It does not matter what the spell was, as any disturbance to this object is apparently volatile as there are no wards to protect it since it is of muggle creation.” He dismissed.

Valencia just tilted her head.

“I’m very aware of what a gas line is, and I can tell you now those things are known to be volatile, even by their muggle creators. They are buried at least 45cm underground and encased in pure metal to protect them, and they only explode as they did in this instance if they are fully cut and then ignited. If you doubt me then the head of the Department of Misuse of Muggle Artifacts is willing to testify to the point.”

“That will not be necessary, I accept the statement.” Reeds frowned, like he wasn’t sure where she was going with this.

She smiled like she’d finally snatched the canary from the air.

“Then I’d like to bring to the court’s attention evidence 1a: Mr. Black’s wand.” She announced, and still it didn’t seem like Reeds knew what she was up to, even as a woman in grey robes stood from the first row of the audience and came down to set a wand box on the table beneath where Bennett was sitting, watching this display with narrowed eyes. “Madam Bones, is that Mr. Black’s wand?”

Harry startled, suddenly realizing why she looked so familiar. She was a dead ringer for Susan, but he’s almost completely disregarded her round face and sunny blue eyes since the expression she had on was even scarier than anything McGonagall or even Pomfrey could pray to pull off. That was Madam Bones!? She’d sounded actually pretty nice over their letters but even he, who had back-talked to Voldemort himself, found his mouth going dry at the thought of going up to her and asking if she enjoyed the chocolates he’d sent.

“It is.” Amelia confirmed and yeah, her flat tone was just as scary as her expression.

“And can you vow that no one has touched it since Mr. Black was arrested, eleven years ago?”

Madam Bones drew her wand and lifted it into the air with a flicker of vaguely heat-wave-like ripples drifting lazily around it, a motion that caused whispers to break out in the crowd around Harry, sounds of surprise and disbelief echoing around him that he didn’t have enough time to wonder at before he realized why.

“On my magic, I swear that the evidence submitted to the DMLE on November 1st, 1981 and provided here today has been untouched since. This box retains the protective ward placed on it that is dated to that night, I have verified this myself.” She declared blankly.

Harry blinked, a small flicker of sweat forming on the back of his neck as he realized Susan’s aunt and the head of all magical law enforcement had just sworn on her magic to prove a point. That was kind of badass, and by how pale Reeds had gotten, Harry knew that gesture was extremely grave indeed.

Valencia smiled.

“Thank you, Madam Bones. If you could open the box and inform the court today, the last twenty spells the wand in question performed.”

Wait, that’s possible!?

Harry was distracted enough by his internal panic that someone could get his wand and know what spell he’d last cast (a couple textbooks on darker Transfiguration particularly on his mind just then) that he almost missed Madam Bones opening the wand box and revealing an ordinary seeming wand. She placed it end-to-end with her own and spoke low and clear—just not clear enough for him to hear what the spell was.

He also had no idea what the red smoke that came out of it meant, only that Reeds made a face for a split second before schooling himself, brushing down his robes front like this didn’t bother him.

“Madam Bones, if you could interpret for the court what it is you are revealing here,” Valencia prompted, and Amelia didn’t flinch.

“In backwards order from most recent spells cast, it revealed fourteen stupefys, one lumos, one alohamora, and three accio to stop at twenty.” She announced. The crowd got louder then, less whispering but there was a lot more concern in their voices now.

And Harry could figure it out, even before Valencia turned to give the room a TV worthy smile once more.

“I argue that a stupefy is not capable to going through at least 45 cm of concrete and a metal pipe to the point that an explosion would occur, meaning Mr. Black cannot be responsible for the death of the muggles whose cause of death was determined to be that explosion. I also argue that the very excessive use of the stunning spell indicated that Mr. Black had never intended to kill anyone in that situation, but was merely trying to subdue them. Unless we are condemning every stupefy cast, half of Hogwarts would need to be tried as criminals then since it’s a student’s favorite dueling spell, isn’t it?”

She had an odd charisma to her as she spoke to the room at large, not just the judge or opposing counsel, and while Harry saw several cold expressions that were not quite swayed, he definitely saw several who were starting to look very, very worried. The evidence being stacked in front of them like this was quickly causing those with half a braincell to realize something wasn’t adding up. And the trial had only just started.

“You get ahead of yourself, Miss,” Reeds cut in before he could lose too much ground with her argument. “Mr. Black could’ve very well used another wand, such as Peter Pettigrew’s or even a throwaway wand just as easily as any other death eater could. They all had them, let me remind you!” He countered vehemently.

But Valencia just blinked far too innocently at him.

“But Mr. Pettigrew’s wand was never recovered, so you cannot charge a man with something you do not have evidence to prove he ever held. Clearly Mr. Black was not holding the wand while casting the spell that allegedly killed Mr. Pettigrew, or the wand would not have been allegedly disintegrated with him in the blast, correct? It would have been discarded somewhere and I would hope the thorough investigation the DMLE performed on the crime scene would’ve turned it up had that been the case.” Valencia shrugged as if there were nothing to be done about it, and while it looked like Reeds wanted to say something, she smirked. “Are you implying that there might have been a third wand at the scene of the crime that was never found? Perhaps it walked away with someone other than Mr. Black himself?”

Reed snapped his jaw shut loud enough the entire room heard it.

“Ms. Valencia is quite keen on putting words in my mouth, it seems.” He got out through his teeth.

“Only if you’ll have them.” She winked and he just barely didn’t glare at her, merely adjusting his robes and facing the front of the court once more.

“The case still remains that the explosion did not occur spontaneously, and the explosion itself did not kill Peter Pettigrew. There was evidence of magic on his remaining figure which meant a wizard was the one who killed him, and Mr. Black was the only one present at the time of his death.” He insisted.

“Him and three aurors who are conveniently not around to comment.” Valencia snipped back casually and Harry heard several people gasp.

Remembering Susan’s words about how even mere accusations got you in some serious trouble, he now understood that her using Reeds’ words to implicate other aurors meant they’d likely be dragged in here to give their testimonies—to defend their own innocence this time though. And there was a reason they’d declined to comment in the first place: probably because in hindsight there wasn’t a lot of actual evidence to arrest Sirius that night. And yeah sure, wrongful arrest and all that, given the situation that probably could’ve overlooked as a mistake given at first glance it didn’t look good, but the lack of a trial or anything after that mistake had made semi-reasonable error into something blatantly unforgivable.

If those two aurors had declined to comment, it was likely they were still with the DMLE and were trying to save their jobs instead of getting pinned for this disaster if it turned out that old arrest really had been wrongful.

“How dare you implicate the aurors just trying to do their job in protecting the public!” Reeds shot at his opponent, cheeks going splotchy red in indignation that she would dare.

Harry almost laughed out loud—not because it was funny but because obviously, aurors were just paid bullies so him trying to act like they were ‘noble’ was kind a joke of the darkest, bitterest kind.

Valencia just shrugged. “How dare I say something factual? If they were there to see the explosion, then they were there to witness Mr. Pettigrew’s death, I’m not sure what you’re accusing me of?” She feigned ignorance and his jaw flexed. “And on that note, the magic found on Mr. Pettigrew’s finger was determined to be the severing charm, which we just established Mr. Black did not cast anywhere close to the time of his death. What evidence are you presenting that actually ties Mr. Black to Mr. Pettigrew’s death?”

“How dare you—!”

“Order!” Bennett snapped, voice cutting through things like a whip, and the stressed chattering around the courtroom that had been getting steadily louder, as well as the counsels’ bickering, cut off just like that. He sorted through the papers in front of him once more before folding his hands over them calmly. “Ms. Valencia, get to the point.” He ordered.

“Mr. Reeds, your opening statement had no presented evidence. You claimed aurors ‘saw’ Mr. Black commit crimes of various natures but could not provide any witness testimonies, so for the purpose of the court record today then no one actually did see Mr. Black do anything wrong. Even so, I have presented counter evidence that Mr. Black could not have committed the crimes you oh-so casually pinned on him, but you’re still going to stand there and insist he is guilty? Of what exactly, and what evidence can you provide to support it?” She asked of him deceptively sweetly, and that time he did shoot her a genuine glare.

Harry was starting to see why Mr. Malfoy had called this guy ‘mediocre at best’. Seems he wasn’t joking, this was kind of laughably stupid.

Then again, wizards were laughably stupid in general and clearly cared very little for hard evidence or actual fact in the face of drama or what seemed right to their gut feelings. Bennett had even said that Reeds had the floor before the defense got a chance to speak which someone way more fact-based would’ve used to lay out some facts instead of making a flowery speech about past war losses. He hadn’t though, and this woman coming in with hard evidence and counter arguments for every little thing seemed to be a brand new concept to a lot of people here, which absolutely crushed what little credit Harry still gave the wizarding world. They were all backwards idiots, weren’t they?

After all, he could clearly still see many people glaring at Valencia as if she was the enemy here when all she’d done was point out some very obvious things. Talk about being a biased jury.

“Mr. Reeds, at this time I have not seen anything to connect Mr. Black with Mr. Pettigrew’s death, nor the death of the twelve muggles. Do you have anything further to add?” Bennett prompted a tad impatiently and Reeds straightened up, apparently not giving up in the slightest despite how thoroughly fucked he looked from Harry’s vantage.

“The prosecution request to interrogate the defendant directly.” He opened, and Valencia had already moved back to Sirius’ side to put a hand on his shoulder—as if it were a show of being comforting, but going by his pissed off expression and how white her knuckles where as her fingers dug into him, it was absolutely more of a restraint.

“My client declines to comment without Veritaserum.” She got back before Reeds could even get the words out fully, and that got the courtroom in an uproar.

Harry wasn’t sure why though, so the sudden burst of sound kind of startled him. A lot of people in Gryffindor tower, after hearing there’d be a trial at all, had talked about the truth potion as the most obvious thing in the world to get the truth out cleanly. Just some Veritaserum and the whole thing would be over by the time it wore off, right?

Apparently the adult world was a little more conflicted about it, though Harry guessed there had to have been a reason every death eater wasn’t just given it to make things easier. It was probably an old Slytherin machination, making it so it wasn’t always standard use just in case they needed to wiggle out of something later, but that also made supposedly simple things like this really annoying.

Because it wasn’t just the death eaters hiding behind the excuses this time.

A voice cut through the talking at a shout now, to a man with a purple face sitting beside the scribe who had paused moving his quill while he waited for the proceedings to continue.

“The use of Veritaserum is highly debated as unethical, may I remind you Ms. Valencia,” The man got out in a scolding way, the color of his cheeks belying his indignation and stress over the topic. For some reason a lot of the crowd quieted as he spoke as if to be sure not to miss his dramatic declarations. “To press for it’s use when it is not a requirement of this court is a polarizing topic not suited for this courtroom!”

“With all due respect Minister, the courtroom is the he perfect place to discuss matters like this.” Valencia countered smoothly, the sharpness in her tone silencing the rest of the chatter just like that as they tuned in to hear this.

Harry barely cared though, eyes locking into the pudgy man across the room from him. That was Minister Fudge?

He took his time memorizing his face, to be sure he’d never forget it.

Not until the man was dead at least.

“It’s polarizing in polite conversation, but legal topics are meant to be discussed in in legal scenarios such as the one we find ourselves in at this very moment.” Valencia continued, speaking to all the room now, not just the Minister. “I am not petitioning anyone to make a judgement on the morality of Veritaserum, and would not dare to make a clear statement about if it should or should not be used as a standard approach. I am stating that my client has specifically requested Veritaserum for the duration of his testimony and as his counsel I must argue for his request.”

“But if he is not of sound mind then his request is of little merit!” Fudge cried, slamming his fits into the banister in front of him to make the point.

The silence that followed had everyone sitting up straighter in tension.

Even Reeds looked at his opponent warily, wondering why she was just… standing there. He was even more confused when she just stared back at him as if patiently waiting.

“…Ms. Valencia?” Bennett finally raised a brow when it was clear there would be no response from her.

She made a show of pretending to startle, putting a hand over her cheek abashedly.

“Oh, my apologies Judge Bennett, I was just giving opposing counsel the opportunity to repeat Minister Fudge’s argument so that it may be on the official record. As the Minister is not a solicitor nor part of the reviewing panel, his statements are not accepted into the official record,” She waved her hand very pointedly to the scribe who also blinked at being called out, but true to word his quill was only moving when she spoke. She then oh so generously beckoned to her opponent, who went red from rage—but also perhaps embarrassment finally. “But I do assume Mr. Reeds would like to make that argument himself, yes? If not then I am happy to move on as if nothing was said.”

Fudge spluttered as if he could not believe her audacity, and people were whispering to themselves again. Reeds at least kept his composure though he frowned deeply.

“…Mr. Black’s request for Veritaserum cannot be recognized until he is deemed of sound mind.” He got out through press lips, then cleared his throat hastily.

And because she’d very clearly been waiting for it, Valencia straightened up and clapped her hands once as she got back down to business.

“In that case, I then motion the court to accept the testimonies of the mind healers who tended to him this weekend. Evidence 17a through 17j are the written testimonies themselves, as well as the paperwork for their approval to speak here today.”

“Objection! Use of Veritaserum has not been approved by the appropriate committee. The court cannot administer a potion that has not been brewed and verified in advance, it could’ve been tampered with to be ineffective. Additionally, use of it has always been debated as unethical as it could force a perjury.” Reeds wasn’t giving up.

“Madam Bones?” Valencia just gestured to where Amelia was still standing at attention off to the side beneath the judge’s pulpit, clearly knowing she was eventually going to be called on again.

She inclined her head. “Ms. Valentina submitted an affidavit from three different mind healers directly into my hands yesterday confirming Sirius Black to be of sound mind. What’s more than that, I spoke with him myself and would be willing to testify that he’s no more mad than any of us here today.” She announced, and the room couldn’t container the explosion of indignation and talking in response to that.

But Madam Bones wasn’t finished, she looked up to Judge Bennett with a raised brow. “What’s more is that I submitted those affidavits as evidence last night, and you should have them before you now.”

Bennett shuffled his papers for a long several minutes before frowning deeply.

“I do not have them here with me today. Ms. Valencia—”

“Never fear sir, I have copies. As well as the approval notice from the required committee.” She unearthed a stack of paper to walk forward and offer him. They seemingly came from nowhere to Harry, but he wondered if the pockets of that pantsuit weren’t more impressive than just well-tailored.

“Objection, new evidence cannot be submitted during a trial without proper discovery,” Reeds was grabbing at straws now but as Valencia handed the papers over and Bennett started reading, clearly he felt he was losing control over the situation.

As if he ever had it?

“These testimonies have been recorded in my own submitted evidence for over twenty-four hours now and have been public record for the required eight. Prosecution has had the opportunity to review this evidence for the required amount of time, whether it has been properly read and reviewed or not is not a matter for this court to be concerned by.” Valencia shrugged, completely unworried by Reeds’ argument and Bennett didn’t even look up as he kept reading the stack of papers he’d been given, as if the rest of the room didn’t exist.

“Objection-!”

What followed next was, in Harry’s opinion at least, the stupidest argument to ever grace his ears. Bennett seemed entirely checked out as he reviewed these new papers and ignored the squabbling happening around him; he might’ve even cast a silencing charm around himself just to be sure he was uninterrupted, because if he hadn’t that amount of focus was truly impressive. Meanwhile Reeds just kept repeating that submitting this paperwork now was inappropriate, that nothing it said would actually make a Black verified as sane, that Veritaserum was unethical across the board and should never be used—and various iterations of the same, kind of weak arguments.

Valencia just kept shrugging at him with a very badly faked sympathetic looks, repeating over and over to his inane arguments that he’d had eight hours to read them so, as politely as possible, get over it.

She seemed to be having fun it, while he most certainly was not. Sirius actually crossed his arms in annoyance at Reeds’ insistence that he was insane but since his lawyer was pretty much toying with him he wasn’t taking it too much to heart thankfully. And the colors Reeds was turning was amusing enough that the insults he was tossing out seemed to lack any sort of weight or credence behind them.

Bennett also didn’t not seem to give a single fuck and went about reviewing the paperwork in real-time and ignoring the growing din the room was becoming. Nothing new was happening until Bennett called order again so people were not pretty openly talking amongst themselves about what they were hearing so far.

“What do you think?” The man in front of Harry asked his companions in the brief lull.

“I’m thinking I gave too much credit to Reeds, and I honestly never gave him much to begin with.” The woman huffed in annoyance.

“I knew he was useless but this is ridiculous. Combined with the fact that woman is tricky as hell, wiggling out of the charges that way! If Black actually gets out on these nonsense technicalities I’ll throw a fit,” The second man seemed genuinely pissed for some reason while the first man just sighed, shaking his head.

How is having solid evidence ‘technicalities’? Have they just never encountered genuine arguments before? Harry could not believe the grown adults in front of him were that stupid. Or maybe they had just never talked to a Slytherin or Ravenclaw in their life.

The first man at least seemed to be catching on that Sirius might actually be innocent, but was holding himself back for now so not to be at odds with his colleagues just yet. By how he’d let them speak first and then just kind of fell silent without really nodding or agreeing to their words, Harry suspected that his opinion had actually been flipped already… but he wasn’t going to do anything about it until he was sure he was voting with the majority.

Kind of spineless.

They were pulled back into it though at the sharp sound of wood knocking, Bennett having lifted his head finally and giving a flicker of a frown at the chaos around him finally.

“Order,” He called, shuffling the papers to be in the right sequence again. “These seem to be authentic and have the right signatures from the St. Mungo’s Mind Healing committee. The wards date to nine hours ago so while you cut it close Ms. Valencia, I’ll allow it. Now, are these people here today willing to testify as witnesses?”

“Yes sir,” She nodded confidently.

Reeds however, pressed his lips into a thin line. “The prosecution waves the cross examination.”

Bennett raised a single brow at him. “Mr. Reeds you do not wish to question these witnesses? You accept the written testimonies that Mr. Black is, by St. Mungo’s standards, a sane man?”

Reeds looked like he’d swallowed a lemon.

“…yes sir.”

So he did read them. Harry instantly clocked. And he knows he can’t have them vouching for Sirius in front of an audience or they’ll make him look pitiable.

Valencia had pretty much destroyed the initial charge into nothing, since Reeds couldn’t actually provide the connection to the murders. Obviously his next tactic would be to question Sirius openly and get him to look bad somehow, so that even if there was no strong evidence connecting him to the crime, if a majority of the room still believed Sirius belonged in Azkaban, he’d be found guilty anyway.

One of the easiest ways to do that was to get him riled during questioning, to lose that Gryffindor temper and twist his words, make the audience think he’d lost his temper with Pettigrew and admit something that would condemn him somehow…

If Sirius took Veritaserum that’d be much harder to do. Clearly Reeds didn’t want him taking the potion, but he also couldn’t allow a bunch of healers to talk about how sane (and probably traumatized) Sirius was, as that’s just paint him as a victim. That would be even harder to overcome than Veritaserum would be, most likely, so he’d chosen the lesser of two evils.

Going by Valencia’s smile, she’d known he’d call chicken first.

“But sir, even so I have to protest that Veritaserum cannot be used without proper documentation! It could be corrupted without the appropriate potions master and would compromise the integrity of the trial itself!” Reeds did not give up.

“In that case, feel free to examine the potion yourself,” Valecia chirped up, sliding a heel beneath Sirius’ chair to gently push out a box so that it slid to a rest at Reeds’ feet. It actually visibly startled Sirius, as he’d clearly had no idea that was there. Honestly neither had Harry, he’d completely overlooked it—had it been there the entire time?

Reeds picked it up with an impatient look, clearly intending to claim it was invalid no matter if the Queen herself had signed for it’s authenticity—before the symbol atop it sunk in and he froze solid, paling several shades in a second.

“Mr. Reeds?” Bennett demanded after his silence went a little too long.

“…I accept the validity of this potion if Madam Bones will verify the ward untampered with.” He meekly went forward to hand it to a semi-confused Amelia, who did a double take at the top of the box herself before giving a very done-with-you-all sort of look. She placed it on the same table where Sirius’ wand still lay and waved her wand over it to check the ward.

It didn’t take a minute before she stepped back and nodded.

“I vouch that the ward is in tact and that the seal verifies that that Zabini family vouches for the potion’s authenticity.” She announced to the room in a tone akin to a woman approaching a hangman’s noose.

“What the hell?” Harry couldn’t help but blurt out, thankful it at least came out as a low whisper—and was also drowned out by several other people making the same choked sound of shock.

Mr. Malfoy probably would’ve given him a sharp look at drawing any kind of attention to himself being here during this, but to his credit he was too busy looking like he fully agreed that the Zabini contributing to this was, in fact, an absolutely fucking crazy plot twist.

To his immense joy, he caught sight of Fudge loosing all the color in his face as it probably sunk in that his man in there might’ve been on his payroll, but the spineless Reeds would sell the Minister down the river in a second rather than deal with the Zabini.

Veritaserum was happening, and he could almost pick out Fudge and Dumbledore’s people in the crowd by who looked the most dismayed as everyone realized that this was going to happen. Only Valentia seemed entirely unperturbed, like she knew she’d get there in the end and was fixing her hair again since the real show she’d been prepping for was about to start.

“Very well. Do both counsel agree to a cross examination of Sirius Black under Veritaserum?” Bennett got down to business.

“Yes sir,” They echoed back, one much happier about it than the other.

“And Mr. Black, do you consent to taking Veritaserum in order to be questioned by Ms. Valencia, Mr. Reeds, myself, and the members of the assigned council here today?” He asked Sirius directly, who stuck his chin out, clearly having been waiting for this the entire time.

“Yes,” He said clearly—visibly biting his tongue against saying more at the very threatening smile Valencia shot over her should at him.

“The use of Veritaserum is hereby approved. In accordance with the decree of ethical use of Veritaserum, the potion will last one an hour and then the antidote will be given. Only myself, Ms. Valencia, Mr. Reeds, and the members of the assigned council may speak to Mr. Black while under the potion’s influence. I will call on people to speak and no one will speak or question Mr. Black out of turn.” He narrowed a look at the lawyers below him and then a quick, sharp look around the crowded room too. “If anyone speaks out of turn, you will be fined and any answer Mr. Black gives in response stricken from the record. If anyone tries speaking to him outside of those approved individuals, you may be serving a night in Azkaban yourself. Am I understood?”

There was agreement from the lawyers and the audience members in the first row wearing red robes, and some vague disgruntled mumblings from the general audience itself.

“What a hardass,” The second man in front of Harry complained under his breath, but Harry couldn’t help but remember he’d called the man ‘barely out of Hogwarts’ just an hour ago, so clearly Bennett was right to lean on his power since most of the people here didn’t come into this room respecting him. Any other time was one thing but when Sirius was being forced to tell the truth it was only the right thing to do, Harry thought.

Being a reasonable person seemed to be a very unreasonable thing to do in the wizarding world, though.

“Ms. Valencia, Mr. Reeds, you will each be given 20 minutes to ask Mr. Black questions. Then the council, should they have any follow up questions, will get 15 minutes total. We will allow some time for exchanges should they be necessary.” Bennett gathered their attention again, finishing arranging his things and folding his hands in front of him pointedly. “Madam Bones if you will, please administer the Veritaserum to Mr. Black.”

While the potion was unboxed and handed over, Harry took a moment to breath for a moment. All of this was already a lot but this is what the trial was actually about. The rest of it was just this weird build-up, this opening dance before the real show that would finally end things, since you couldn’t argue against the strongest truth serum in the world.

As much as Harry liked to imagine the man Moony told him about, as much as he’d pinned his hopes on Mr. Greengrass’ assurances that Sirius was in fact innocent, there was still so much he didn’t know. If Sirius hadn’t betrayed his parents then who did? Or was it all just Voldemort himself? Valencia had done enough to convince Harry at least that Sirius hadn’t killed Pettigrew but then… what had actually happened?

He realized he’d kept himself from wondering (more like worrying, honestly) about the full truths, too focused on the main one that Sirius was innocent, as that was the most important bit. But despite being desperate to, even Remus hadn’t been able to scrape together some kind of explanation or real proof he hadn’t been guilty this whole time, which was part of the reason the werewolf had looked to be in physical pain to talk about it. Remus had wanted to believe Sirius was innocent more than anyone but hadn’t been able to think of a single reason to hold onto that faith beside the fact he cared about his old friend with all his heart and believed he’d never betray Lily and James Potter. In true Gryffindor fashion, despite all logic and reasoning and pain it had caused him, Remus had held onto his belief anyway.

And if the promises he’d been given were true, then in the end Remus had been right to do so.

Which begged the question… what was the truth?

No, the real reason Harry had almost blocked it out until just now when it was about time for Sirius to finally get a chance to start talking, was that he knew no matter what the truth was, he was going to have to hear about his parents’ deaths.

The story Sirius was about to tell involved a time eleven years ago, on the night Moony lost everyone and he was left at the Dursleys. The same time he hadn’t even really believed was real when Moony called him pup.

The last night he had a family that loved him as a baby, before it all went away.

He’d kind of brushed by it when McGonagall had hesitated in sending him along, ignoring it as her seeing him as a child at the time. In reality, in the back of his mind he knew damn well what all the adults around him did: that despite it being right that he was here for this today, it was going to be rough for him to hear.

He knew it. He’d just ignored it right up until the moment Sirius was downing the potion in his hand, and the reality of what was about to happen hit him.

Thankfully, Bennett did not waste any of the single hour they got keeping them in suspense.

“What is your name,” He got to the point, as a test.

“Sirius Orion Black,” Came the blank reply, and Harry noted his voice had lost a lot of the sass the rolling eyes and pointed glares would imply he should’ve had normally. Being compelled to tell the absolute truth must also suck the inflection out of a lot of things, and Harry didn’t strictly want to ever need to take this potion himself honestly… though Sirius at least looked calm and a little bit spaced out instead of uncomfortable or frustrated by his lack of free will for the next hour.

“Do you understand that you are about to be questioned and will not be able to lie during this examination?”

“Yes.”

“Do you consent to the questioning?”

“Yes.”

“Very well, Ms. Valencia your time starts now,” Bennett sat back with eyes fixed on the situation with a calm, but critical watch, and the woman in question stepped up to shoot the room another TV smile.

She was talking to Sirius only in that they knew she was directing the questions at him, but for all intents and purposes she was speaking to the audience as if this really were a game show and she was displaying her words for everyone to hear, not just for Sirius to answer. Harry figured, being his lawyer and all, this was all completely practiced and the only questions Sirius didn’t know were coming were the ones Reeds was going to be asking. Then again Valencia was a good enough lawyer that she had probably read Reeds’ pathetically predictable mind already and had prepped her client of even those possibilities too.

Like Mr. Malfoy had said, the outcome was already determined—this was just a show to win over the public’s opinion when the court record was released to the papers later.

The woman at center stage turned and gave a contrite, knowing smile.

“I know everyone is dying to know the answer of ‘if you did it’ or not, but let us start with a slightly different, but more revealing set of questions here. One that paints the full picture instead of arguing the technicalities of who did or didn’t see something that night.” She began, splaying her hands for her audience, which were silent in response to Bennett’s threats, but also because no one would miss a word of this for the world. “First of all: where were James and Lily Potter on the night they died?”

“In their home, in Godric Hollow.” Sirius answered blankly, and Valencia walked in a slow, meandering pace around his chair as she spoke.

“Was this home protected?”

“Yes.”

“How was it protected?”

“Their home was placed under a Fidelus Ward to hide the home from the dark lord.”

“I did notice you said Fidelus ‘Ward’ instead of a Fidelus Charm… briefly, in layman’s terms, explain the difference.” She held up a finger, and Harry blinked—he and probably everyone else having no idea where she was going with that. Moony had mentioned that Sirius had a knack for wards and had done a lot of that bit for the map but…

“It is a ward based off of the Fidelus Charm, but is more closely related to wards instead of charms. It works the same way muggle repelling charms do, only it repels everyone who doesn’t know the secret. The ‘secret’ is stored in one person and only the secret keeper can tell others what the secret is, and allow them to find or even sense the building under the ward’s protection.” Sirius rattled off, blank but still with this air that he actually did know what he was talking about. Harry wasn’t sure why that surprised him but it did. “The ward Lily and James were under was also crossed with a patronus charm, meaning the secret keeper had to be happy to share the secret, as happy as one would need to be to cast a patronus.”

The gadflies sitting on the bench in front of him all choked on air, and Harry didn’t know what a patronus charm was to know what that meant, but he took note the it must be big fucking news when even Mr. Malfoy beside him made a small noise of shock. Harry whipped his head up to look at the man, but was ignored—the blond’s eyes widening in his own thoughts.

“He can’t be…” Lucius murmured under his breath and Harry wanted to ask what was going on so badly but Valencia only paused long enough to let the shock ripple across the room and properly sink in, before she briskly continued.

“Mr. Black, how do you know the details of this ward?”

“I cast the ward myself.”

Harry froze.

…what?

“The world at large believed Albus Dumbledore cast a Fidelus Charm around Godric’s hollow to hide the Potters. Did that happen?”

“Yes. I took it down and cast a Fidelus Ward instead, two months later once I’d perfected it.”

“Were you the secret keeper of this Fidelus Ward you cast?”

“No.”

“Who was the secret keeper?”

“Peter Pettigrew.”

Despite Bennett’s threats, the room exploded in a cacophony of shock and indignation.

Harry realized he wasn’t breathing and suddenly sucked in a breath, fisting his hands into the robes over his lap. A hand suddenly came down on his back gently and he glanced up to realize it was the woman beside him. She was still looking down at the scene below them, but her hand bestowed a tiny bit of reassurance he wasn’t sure what to do with.

Peter? THAT Peter!? The Peter Moony talked about…? What is… how did…?

“ORDER!” Bennett bellowed sharply, and while it wasn’t immediately the room did scramble to contain themselves again, though it wasn’t nearly the dead silence it’d been before. It probably wouldn’t settle again honestly, since that bombshell implied there’d be quite a few more since what the fuck? “Ms. Valencia, continue.”

She nodded, and took another step in her performative pacing.

“Why Pettigrew, Mr. Black?”

“He was always the weakest of us, the least threatening and most cowardly. I convinced James that no one would ever suspect Peter, everyone would think it’d be either me or Remus and would come after us. The idea of us choosing Peter was so ludicrous, it was the perfect cover—or so we thought.”

Harry’s heart skipped a beat to hear his father’s and Remus’ name brought up so casually. It felt weird… like it wasn’t just a make believe story he’d been told, that they’d all once been friends.

“So Pettigrew was the one who betrayed the Potters’ secret to the dark lord that night?”

“Yes.”

“And to betray the Fidelus Ward, he had to have been happy to do so, didn’t he?”

“Yes.” Finally some anger began to seep into blank tone, and Harry figured the potion was actually muting him quite a lot. Which meant that despite the strongest truth serum in the world, Sirius was pissed about it.

“Do you believe Peter Pettigrew to be a death eater?”

“Yes.” He managed a streak of acid in the accusation even as his face remained empty.

“Did you think so at the time?”

“No. I trusted him with my life, and more importantly the lives of my brother and sister. He betrayed all of us.”

“Is Peter Pettigrew still alive?”

“Yes.”

There was a sudden uproar again, but as Bennett lifted his wand as if to make a point people caught themselves and piped down. Harry was thankful for the distraction as he knew he couldn’t handle this, he slipped a calming draft from his bag to down it as subtly as he could though he knew the two adults on either side of him noticed at the very least.

He didn’t care though, he was not about to let his temper ruin this for his godfather.

“How do you know for certain Pettigrew is still alive?” Valencia raised her voice to be heard over the murmurs still going around.

“When I cast the Fidelius Ward, everyone involved in it exists within the ward, which is connected to me. I knew the moment James and Lily died as I could feel it through the ward, and I can feel Peter even now since he is still the secret keeper.” He explained.

"The ward is still active even though the protection was broken?"

"The ward did not fail, it was betrayed. The dark lord was told the secret so he could get into Godric's Hollow and kill the Potters, but the ward never broke. It's still standing even now."

"But then how was young Harry Potter removed from the rubble that night?"

He gripped the empty potion bottle in his hand for lack of anything better to do.

"I was there that night and found him—I knew the secret, and I gave him to Hagrid. Hagrid didn't know the secret so as soon as he put Harry down no one would be able to find him again, so I instructed him to hold onto him until he could be either given back to me, or to Remus. I did this because I could sense Peter was alive, and knew what he'd have had to do to betray Lily and James. I was furious and tracked him down, intending to rid him of his magic."

"Your intent was not to kill him?"

"No. He deserved worse than death, and I knew from years of friendship that being normal is his worst fear."

“How would you be able to remove his magic?”

"By submitting to my ward, Lily, James, Harry, and Peter were all connected to it. So long as it remained, I had control over their magical signatures and have the ability to remove their magic. I warned them about it and they accepted on one condition: that it not impact Harry's growth. So I created a secondary ward around Harry so that the moment he began to access more control over his magical core, then any and all magical influences such as blocks, wards, spells, or charms would be undone. It should've happened around the time he was five, and I sensed him slip free of it around that time too."

Harry blinked.

Maybe it was the calming draft but the vague, long ago memory of him staring at himself in his elementary school bathroom mirror flickered before him for a moment. That… was about the time his hair had gone from dark black to red.

Was… that actually related somehow? Was his hair not natural, or had his black hair been unnatural and Sirius’ protection had freed him from it?

These weren’t really things he should be focusing on right now given everything else was probably way more important, but he was vain and numbed by a calming draft and it was all he could wrap his mind around at the moment.

“So the only one left within the still-existing ward is Peter Pettigrew?” Valencia prompted.

“Yes.”

“Because he submitted to the ward once eleven years ago and is currently still alive?”

“Yes.”

“And you could remove his magic at your convenience?”

“Yes, so long as he’s in front of me and I have a wand.”

There was more murmuring, but this time with a definite tone of unease to it.

Bennett spoke up with a sharp tap of his wand on the pulpit in front of him. "To interject here, no one will be doing such a thing until Mr. Pettigrew is verified alive and has received his own sentence. This trial is not in reference to his crimes at this time.”

“Of course,” Valencia placed a hand on her stomach in an imitation of a bow despite the fact her head never bent. “To redirect back to the accused crimes then, Mr. Black do you confess you went after Peter Pettigrew that night then?”

“Yes.”

“But you did not kill him.”

“No.”

“Please recount what happened then.”

“I was mainly there to scream at him. I was furious.” Going but the ripple of heat that surfaced even through the Veritaserum, that was the understatement of the century. “I did attack him but not with an intent to kill. I was an auror and intended to arrest him, so I called for backup. I watched him cut off his own finger.”

What!?

“I wasn’t sure what he was doing, but he began shouting about how I was insane and then blasted the street apart himself. I was knocked to the ground, but when I got up the backup I had called for arrested me instead. I begged them to search for Peter, but they only found his finger.”

“According to the records, there was no trace of apparition having occurred. Do you have any idea how he could have evaded a team of aurors searching for him?”

Sirius jaw flexed, and that the answer was not as immediate as the others meant that for the first time this was a question he was not completely willing to confess too. Still, he had no chance against Veritaserum and the pause was only the briefest of moments.

“He is an illegal Animagus: a rat. I believe he might have turned and disappeared into the sewers. Faking his death and being able to disguise himself this way is likely how he’s been able to hide this long.”

The room reacted in shock once more, but Harry found it most interesting that Madam Bones finally cracked too, her face flickering in a surprise and unease that she was clearly not prepared for. She was the head of the DMLE, and even though she hadn’t been back then she was likely part of the team that had done the investigation, or someone she’d known and trusted did back was. That an unregistered Animagus had never crossed their minds in their hunt probably struck as a personal failing on her, or her people’s part.

“Do you have anything else you want to tell the court?”

“I didn’t mean to betray the Potters. They were my family, more than my own blood ever was.” Sirius got out immediately—faster than before even so it really felt his departing to have that plea heard more than the potion forcing him to unearth it. Clearly he would’ve stopped there, but surprised himself when his mouth opened again.

“I am ashamed I outlived them.” He confessed.

Sirius… Moony, I wish you could’ve heard that.

Valencia showed a modicum of gentleness finally, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear and voice lowering to be a little more polite than before.

“Do you believe you betrayed them?”

“Yes.”

“Why?”

“Because it was my ward and I was once so confident it’d never be broken, it gave them false hope. Because I trusted Peter, and I convinced them to trust him too. It was my fault he turned out to be a rat in more ways than one.”

It was a rough confession, but Harry knew it was wise to get it out now. Without a doubt, during his turn Reeds would probably try to get him to admit ‘he betrayed them’ in just as many words, without giving Sirius room to explain himself. They needed to get the question out of the way during Valencia’s time instead.

“If found innocent today, what do you intend to do?”

“Find Harry, and beg for his forgiveness. I failed his parents, and him by being an absent godfather.”

Despite the calming draft, Harry couldn’t breath and suddenly it was like he hadn’t taken one at all.

Oh.

“What of Peter Pettigrew?”

“I have been threatened not to do anything rash by my cousin, so I will let the Ministry arrest and prosecute him themselves,” They could tell he wasn’t thrilled with that, but it was the grudging truth.

Valencia gave a small, amused chuckle. “Threatened how?”

“Nothing specific but I don’t intend to cross her.”

“Scarier than Azkaban?”

“I wouldn’t say that, but enough.” Sirius made a small annoyed expression but the tactic worked as intended. Harry saw some flickers of amusement around room, and even a soft laugh somewhere to his left. She was humanizing him, making him seem like less of a threat than the past eleven years of rumors had made him seem. Everyone had a woman in their life they feared to cross, after all.

And it warmed Harry a bit too, since he was also wary as hell of Narcissa Malfoy so they already had that in common at least.

“I’ll leave that to you then. No more questions, I yield the floor to the prosecution.” Valencia abruptly concluded her questioning, taking a neat step back and clearly taking Reeds off guard as he found himself taking a step forward and coughing a bit to clear his throat as Bennett gave him permission to begin.

Harry was trying not to cry and took a moment to collect himself so he kind of tuned out the first part of Reeds questioning—which from the general silence around him meant nothing particularly interesting was being asked. Reeds proved himself a bit worse than mediocre as he started repeating a lot of questions Sirius already been asked but in different ways. Valentia however, had done a remarkable job discrediting most of it ahead of time so even if the questions came off abrasive and accusatory, even if Sirius’ stifled ‘yes’ and ‘no’ answers would’ve caused a lot of confusion before, thankfully most of it had already been cleared and Sirius had gotten his chance to tell the full story.

Reeds’ inability as a lawyer really shone through in the fact that clearly he hadn’t expected the whole ‘Pettigrew is alive’ plot twist, so none of his questions actually followed up on that at all. He didn’t even ask ‘are you sure he’s alive’, he was clearly following some pre-rehearsed list of questions thought up in advance and could not think on his feet fast enough to come up with anything more meaningful.

When he inevitably got to the, “Did you betray the Potters,” question, to which Sirius was forced to say ‘yes’ since he did believe it despite explaining why, Reeds skimmed right by any follow up questions like Harry knew he would.

His ineptitude and bias was pretty obvious at that point, even to the most prejudiced, slowest members of the audience here today.

“If Peter Pettigrew was an illegal Animagus, how did you know of this and yet never report it? You were an auror yourself, were you not?” After nearly half his allowed time was up before Reeds finally got to a halfway decent question, but even that he still managed to fuck up.

“Yes.” Sirius could confirm only the last question asked and was clearly frustrated—the both of them were actually but Reeds could only blame himself for it. Valentina’s calm questioning made it clear on Veritaserum you could only ask one question at a time and you had to be direct with it: the roundabout, implicating questions weren’t making much progress.

“Why did you not report him!?” They got there after some churn, and it turned out he’d accidentally managed to stumble into a genuinely good question for once.

Sirius’s eyes flashed and he jaw flexed again, but he was still forced to answer.

"I too am an illegal Animagus. Peter, James, and I became Animagi our fifth year of Hogwarts and we used the fact it was a secret to help fight against Voldemort during the first war—or so I thought in Peter's case. We knew the dark lord had spies in the Ministry and our advantage would be lost if we were officially registered."

The shock that time was silent as everyone absorbed what they’d just heard. Even Reeds needed a moment before he hastily cleared his throat again.

"But if the war ended you mean to tell me you would've registered yourself then?" His tone was dubious.

"We had every intention to if the war ended, yes. I was particularly interested in rubbing my transfiguration skills in McGonagall's face as she always said I was a lousy student in her class." That admission startled several genuine laughs from some people in the back, but were quickly smothered. If he weren’t a bit shell shocked Harry would’ve also found that kind of hilarious.

As it was, Remus’ making him promise to never tell anyone about their illegal school shenanigans made him now extremely nervous about if this would get Sirius into more trouble than he already was.

"What inspired you to become illegal animagi and while you were underage no less!?"

Shit, Harry winced. The one question he absolutely did not want brought up.

And going by how hard Sirius jaw flexed, the longest pause yet preceding his answer, he also knew this was not good. Still, he had no choice but to out his old friend.

"One of my best friends in this world is Remus Lupin, who suffers from Lycanthropy. We did it so we could safely stay with him during a full moon and prevent him from hurting himself."

The room went absolutely silent.

Reeds… stood there for a solid ten seconds, stun locked it seemed and his face turning a full rainbow of colors slowly before he gathered himself and adjusted robe collar. He was clearly thrown, and the fact he asked no follow up questions meant he had no protocol for that sudden confession at all. He defaulted to one of his pre-prepared questions instead.

“Ah… ahem. In any case, looking back at your record as an auror, can you explain the large gaps in your attendance? We find it strange they correlate to several large, highly publicized death eater attacks. Were you working with death eaters at that time?”

“No.”

“Then explain where you were!”

“A group of a people had banded together at the time to try and protect ourselves and innocents against death eaters. I fought with them against the death eaters during those attacks since I was technically off duty as an auror but still wanted to fight.”

There was a very obvious next question to that.

The fact Reeds just made a twisted expression and didn’t ask it, told Harry everything he needed to know.

This guy was not just on Fudge’s payroll, but he was also at least somehow connected to Dumbledore. Despite there being a lot of possible follow ups to this new information, if he asked anything else about at all, it might out headmaster as ringleader of this secret organization.

So he didn’t ask, and kept trudging along with his repetitive questions.

“Did you ever fight with death eaters?”

“Yes,”

Harry felt like face palming at the poor phrasing—Sirius’ expression clearly said he also thought this man was beyond stupid.

“So you admit to working with them!”

“No.”

“You are contradicting yourself then, even on Veritaserum!” Reeds waved his arms to the court at large like this was a play, but Bennett just tapped his wand impatiently once.

“Mr. Reeds, I believe Mr. Black means he fought with death eaters, as in against them. Please be careful of your word choice, as Mr. Black is not always able to elaborate under this potion effects.” He spoke with an impassive but his tone was a distinct warning, one that Reeds just turned away from with a grumble under his breath.

Things went around and around and around again as Reeds struggled to get Sirius to say anything incriminating, to the point they had only minutes left and Harry hoped this would finally be over. Of course it wasn’t that good as Reeds, once again, stumbled into something.

“Have you ever been before He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?” He tried, the latest in a long list of questions of still trying to tie Sirius to death eater activities somehow.

“Yes.”

The sudden confirmation startled everyone, including Reeds who clearly hadn’t expected that to actually work. Harry just felt his heart jump in his chest in panic.

“When did this happen?” He asked immediately, clearly thinking he got something.

Sirius somehow managed to hold out answering for a full six seconds.

Harry felt his stomach plummet to the ground when even Valencia’s expression flickered, like she had no idea what her client was trying not to say, much less what he was fighting so hard not to admit… much less that it was even possible for someone to hold out that long against Veritaserum that long.

He’d only held out half a second to out Moony so what…?

Inevitably, the Veritaserum won despite it sounding like Sirius was fighting tooth and nail against the words that came from his own lips.

“When I was a child my parents sold the dark lord the idea that the Black heir would be his servant, as they were. When I refused I was tortured by him personally.”

Silence.

…what?

Reeds was white as a ghost, mouth popped open in shock and trailed his gaze down to the tile floor before him. He was realizing, as they all were, that he’d fucked up. That after that confession there wasn’t really a way he could spin this to make it sound like Sirius had ever willingly served the dark lord.

Sirius silver eyes were far away, but still glaring at man through his potion induced trance. What really got Harry’s stomach churning though, was the small frown on Valencia’s brow. He wanted to believe this was all part of her master plan and she was just playing Reeds to be the insensitive sleezy lawyer who was trying to pin blame on the victim, but a part of him was really, really worried that that confession had been unplanned.

“Any more questions, Mr. Reeds?” Bennett prompted, lifting a pocket watch to indicate his time was almost up, and his dragging silence implying he was at a loss of where to do with this line of questioning anyway.

The man seemed to know this was a losing battle as he frowned at the floor a moment… but seemed resigned that he still had one more blow to make.

He swallowed as if nervous at his own question.

“Do you admit that you have had moments of insanity during your time at Hogwarts?”

Sirius’ eyes widened. “Yes.” He was forced to admit.

“Is it possible you might have them again, as a result of your time in Azkaban.”

“Yes.” Clearly that was not what he wanted to admit, but he had no choice.

“Do you think you are a worthy guardian for Harry Potter then, since you claim to be his godfather?”

“No.”

What the fuck!? Harry tensed to the point of shattering, Mr. Malfoy’s hand suddenly on his shoulder to keep him seated. Not that he was about to get up and yell or anything but he sure as hell wanted to.

He HAD to be fucking working for Dumbledore, there was no reason to do that unless he wanted to keep him from being his guardian!? He’d already lost! He just wanted to sow the seeds of doubt in the public’s mind that he’d be a good guardian.

And he ignored the silently panicking portion of himself that was wondering why the fuck did think he wouldn’t be a good guardian!? He’d said he wanted to, but now this!? Even if he believed Mr. Greengrass would pull through and his godfather would be free to adopt him in the end…

Why did he say that?

The voice that asked that was the small, childish part of himself that was still sitting with his back against a gravestone and crying for his mom when Moony had been taken from him. It cried out again, a small, tearful voice pleading—why don’t you want me?

“No more questions, I yield the floor.” Reeds walked away then, looking like he was aware he’d lost this bought but was unfortunately still determined to do as much damage as he could before this was over.

Fuck him. Harry sneered and chose to seethe at the man than focus on the pain that was echoing inside of him.

“Thank you, counsel.” Bennett actually stood himself, lifting a piece of parchment to begin rattling off his own questions. To all the was good and merciful, he was brutally impartial and the questions came out in a clean, clinical tone. Most of it was just repeating the previous questions to be sure there was no room for interpretation in his answers, confirming things officially from an unbiased standpoint. It was short and sweet thankfully, and was over just like that without any more drama.

“That concludes our questioning. Madam Bones, if you could please administer the antidote to Mr. Black now.” He announced, and Harry breathed a small sigh of relief as Sirius was freed from the Veritaserum, though the way he hunched in his chair some proved it wasn’t as easy as the trance implied it was. “Based off the testimony we just heard, the council will now request evidence of the listed claims.” He nodded to the line of witches and wizards in red robes to either side of them, and the one closest to him stood first.

“Ms. Valentia, you allowed Mr. Black to speak to his ability in warding. Inventing a new ward is frankly unheard of, much less for such a specific use. Do you have any proof this ward he spoke of existed?”

What a weird question? He was forced to tell the truth! Harry wanted to be annoyed but he also knew he couldn’t count on these people to be as bad at questioning as Reeds was.

Luckily Valentia just smiled, completely unsurprised.

“Of course. Evidence 21.a through 21.p are all signed testimonies from aurors who have worked with Mr. Black in the past, including exam proctors for the auror entrance exam, claiming his prodigious talent in warding. It is not something taught at Hogwarts so there’d be no OWL or NEWT score to corroborate, but it was a known fact to those who once worked with him that Sirius Black had an unprecedented skill in warding. Evidence 21.c is actually a statement from Gringotts verifying they have been unable to break past Mr. Black’s wards several times in the past. Evidence 21.m is record of the ward protecting the Ministry’s muggle entrance—created from scratch by Mr. Black himself. The evidence includes the invoice that the Ministry paid to him for his work.” She put her hands up in a gentle clap. “The Ministry themselves have paid him over Gringotts for his warding ability, which I think is sufficient proof that his talent in the subject is beyond question.”

The council member’s face flickered, but only for a moment. “Muggle repelling wards are not quite the same as inventing new wards on a whim,” He sniffed.

“Very true sir! Which is why you’ll find that evidence 9, in its entirety, to be a complete family history of the Black Family tree. You will find there that the Black family had shown evidence of being Seed descendants for upwards of three hundred years reliably, with a gift in warding.” She announced.

Harry had no idea what that meant but by the burst of whispers that broke out across the room and Mr. Malfoy humming lowly in interest, he made a note to follow up on that. Clearly it was something big as the council member’s all exchanged looks and had their lips pressed unpleasantly at that news.

“Councilor?” Bennett prompted as he just stood there for a moment, trying and failing to come up with a rebuttal to that.

“…I accept the claim. No more questions.” He gave in grudgingly, sitting down so the woman a couple down from him could take her turn.

She spoke, “Mr. Reeds, you cited incidents of Mr. Black showing signs of insanity as early as his Hogwarts days. Could you provide proof of that?”

The man in questioned twisted his lips for a moment before schooling his expression.

“Madam Pomfrey declined to testify at this time.” He admitted, and the councilor blinked, then cleared her throat… clearly she had not expected that at all. Which meant she definitely worked for Dumbledore too, since she’d fully expected something to be there.

“Ah… no more questions.”

Bennett paused a moment but a glance along the line of those in red but no one else moved.

“Any other councilors with questions?” He allowed a brief pause of silence but no one spoke. “Alright, onto my own then. Mr. Reeds, you cited incidents where Mr. Black was absent from his duties as an auror eleven years ago. Could you provide evidence of that?”

“Yes, evidence 4.a through 4.v are all recorded instances of absences.”

“Sir, if I may,” Valentia chirped up with a polite smile. “Evidence 33.a through 33.v are signed testimonies from a one Minerva McGonagall confirming Mr. Black was with her in each of those instances, and that they were indeed fighting against death eaters at the time.”

Reeds paled, and he wasn’t the only one who looked genuinely shocked—certain council members, including the woman from before, were immediately whispering to themselves rather noticeably.

Harry though was just… touched.

Professor… thank you.

“Thank you Mr. Reeds, Ms. Valencia, we will review the evidence submitted. One last question from me as well: Mr. Black, as part of this you admitted to being an illegal Animagus. Do you deny it?”

“No.” Sirius had his chin up, now that truth was out anyway, he was almost proud of it clearly. He’d did it in service of a friend… and his completely unrepentant attitude about it now even at a murder trial with him as the main suspect meant he certainly was that blindly trusting Gryffindor that people thought all lions were.

He remembered Mrs. Malfoy calling him ‘quite the Gryffindor’ at dinner a couple days ago and no, it had not seemed to be a compliment. Coming from a Slytherin it pretty much was though.

“That will be added to your list of crimes for today, and you will be found guilty on that count alone through your own admission. Do you accept?”

“Yes,” Sirius huffed, crossing his arms again and not seeming nearly as worried about this as Harry was. It was more comforting that Valencia wasn’t concerned about it though.

“Any other questions of the defendant testimonies from the panel members?” One more brief pause. “Very well, onto witness questioning. Counsel, please submit your witness list.”

The two lawyers unearthed parchments and walked up to the pulpit to hand them over to the Judge directly, Bennett accepting them and giving them a proper read.

“Minerva McGonagall was named in today’s proceedings, but was not in the pre-approved listing. Do either counsel wish to question her?”

“No sir,” Valencia inclined her head.

“No sir, we concede to the evidence.” Reeds admitted stiffly.

“Then we will proceed with witness testimonies—” Bennett began, but was cut off when Valentia lightly coughed and raised her hand just oh so innocently.

“Sir, if I may… one witness on our call sheet is not available for questioning today. A Remus Lupin?” She brought up delicately, and Harry’s heart stopped in his chest.

He saw Sirius’ head snap up in shock, blue eyes so wide that from this distance they seemed an insane shade of silver.

Bennett frowned. “What do you mean by not available?”

“He agreed to be a character witness, however he was arrested without cause yesterday. I believe he is currently in Azkaban and my attempt to summon him for questioning was denied.”

“Madam Bones.” Bennett demanded immediately, some unspoken question.

“I was not aware of any arrest notices for a Remus Lupin.” The auror instantly supplied, but as her face didn’t flicker it was clear she knew damn well what had happened.

Her own aurors. There was no way she didn’t know that some of them hated werewolves enough to go harassing them, that her own men were in someone else’s pockets… but she wouldn’t be in her position long if she took a hard line about it, since that ‘someone else’ was her boss. Still, here in open court she was outing all of them as acting out an illegal arrest warrant, making no effort to protect or hide what they had done.

Sirius made a strangled sound that the entire court heard, almost standing before Valencia abandoned the judge’s pulpit to return and hold him down to his seat by the shoulder.

“W-wait, Remus is in Azkaban!?” He gasped, looking up at her as if begging her to tell him that wasn’t true, but she couldn’t. Instead she leaned down and spoke lowly into his ear and he froze, clearly fighting the urge to get up and scream but also knowing he needed to listen to her right now. He’d trusted her this far after all…

Madam Bones and Bennett went back and forth for a moment about this issue before Valencia eventually trusted that Sirius would stay in his seat long enough for her to stand and cough once more to get their attention.

“Actually sir, I have a copy of the notice filed this morning.”

“This morning?” He narrowed his gaze, holding out a hand and she came forward to place a conjured paper into his hand. This morning meant the notice had been filed after Remus’ arrest, and clearly Bennett was not happy about that.

He read it over carefully, expression souring with every word.

“He was arrested for violating a house arrest… for the duration of this trial?”

“Due to his connection with Mr. Black.” Valentia confirmed sweetly.

“…” He turned, and in a calm tone addressed Fudge who was witnessing this front and center and sweating visibly in his seat but pretending he wasn’t. “Minister, this arrest notice has your signature on it. What was the reason of the house arrest?”

“Ah, well—he was determined to be a key witness but also a flight risk,” He offered as if it were obvious, but annoyingly had composure enough to answer.

“Minster, are you saying he attempted to flee then, and that was why he was arrested?”

“Ah, yes in fact, we found him nearly out of the country in fact—”

“If he was deemed a ‘flight risk’ and was arrested in order to ensure he attended this trial, then why was he denied attendance at this trial?” Valencia cut the Minister off without hesitation, and clearly Fudge was not used to the lack of respect as he gaped, aghast.

“Ms. Valencia-!”

Reeds jump in to cover for the flustered minister before he could do any more damage. “Ms. Valencia, the prosecution waives it’s need to question Remus Lupin at this time!”

“Well the defense does not.” She harumphed, putting a hand on her hip imperiously as she addressed the room at large. “He is a key witness for several reasons, including the fact that he was the first person to attempt to get Mr. Black a trial eleven years ago, although unsuccessfully. Clearly he had evidence from the very beginning supporting Mr. Black’s innocence and was ignored due to his condition. I believe he is an exceptionally important witness that should be here for his testimony. May I remind you that he wanted this trial to happen eleven years ago and had eagerly agreed to testify on Mr. Black’s behalf for this trial today. That he would flee the country rather than attend makes no sense at all, and I would have him speak for himself to explain.”

Bennett looked like he’d swallowed something disgustingly sour, before cooling it enough to regain his composure.

“Minister. Can you please cite your reasoning for why Mr. Lupin was arrested and imprisoned when he was already under house arrest, as well as why he was not permitted to be in attendance today." He voice was even and polite, even giving the politician to take back the ‘nearly out of the country’ line. Even the ‘already on house arrest’ was too generous, as Harry really doubted Remus had known he was under house arrest at all without any kind of decree on file about that before he’d been arrested in his own home and not breaking that mythical house arrest at all.

The truth was they’d arrested him flat out as soon as they found that letter in Dumbledore’s office, with no real reason or proper justification. They’d tried to slap a reason over it after the fact, but not only did they do a half assed job about it, but they clearly thought no one would notice or care… they certainly did not believe they’d be called out about it so publicly.

Remus was a werewolf after all. Who actually cared what had happened to him besides Harry and Sirius? And the people Harry was paying to get his godfather back, he supposed.

The way Valencia had played this though, it didn’t matter if he was a werewolf or not. Fudge had clearly arrested a ‘key witness’ for the defense rather than let him speak.

That was NOT a good look, and a lot of Fudge-haters would be reading about this specific point of the trial in tomorrow’s papers and eating it up happily.

"…he was interfering with the trial by speaking to the witnesses and prepping them for the story to be told." Fudge dismissed the whole thing once again, clearly used to people not questioning him.

Valencia was clearly not a British citizen though as she didn’t seem to give a fuck about this politician in front of her.

"But if Mr. Black was always to be given Veritaserum, having a cover story would do no one any good." She sniped back with a coyly polite smile.

Bennett brought an end to the whole affair, realizing that Fudge could make all their lives hell, and he would in a second going by how his face was turning the same color as Valencia’s pantsuit.

"Order.” He snapped, tapping his want to his desk sharply. “We've gotten off track here, Mr. Lupin is not the case of this trial and even with Mr. Black confessing that he is an illegal Animagus, Mr. Lupin was not part of that. He was aware of course, but has never been employed by the ministry and so cannot be punished legally for that aside from perhaps a fine if it was found this information being hidden has caused harm to others. An argument can be made that the murders committed by Peter Pettigrew may fall into that category, but that would be a separate trial altogether." He announced, trying to be diplomatic here.

"But Remus wouldn't have needed to come forth if I'd been given a trial in the first place! I could have told you all of this eleven years ago—Pettigrew could have been caught by now and those families' actual killer brought to justice! James and Lily’s murderer could’ve been brought to justice!" Sirius burst out—and Harry almost found it funny when Velencia whacked him upside the head and hissed at him to be quiet, if he wasn’t worried about pissing Bennett off.

Thankfully he let it slide, but shot a look at both him and Valencia to keep a lid on it.

“Enough. If there are others implicated in the crimes addressed today, Madam Bones will submit them at her discretion for their arrest and sentencing separately. That being said, this arrest warrant was issued after the arrest had already occurred, which is of course illegal, so I deem this notice invalid. We will proceed with the witness testimonies we have available today, and Remus Lupin will be released from Azkaban immediately.”

Harry wanted to be relieved but… something was nagging at him unpleasantly. The way the entire panel scrunched up their noses and brushed it off… despite Valencia’s words about Remus being a ‘key witness’, they didn’t care to hear from a werewolf.

Hell, even the way Bennett was saying they’d proceed without him. As if he didn’t matter despite the defense counsel claiming he was…? Either Bennett also didn’t care to hear from him, or he knew having a werewolf here wouldn’t actually do anything but make people angry, potentially even cause some blowback from Fudge for directly countering him.

Bennett had been a pretty good judge so far—unbiased, clear, and obviously on the right side of the law. The spirit of the law even, not just the letter.

Even he knew when to play politics though, and going directly against Fudge was a career-ender. He’d already gone pretty far in openly calling him out to explain himself on the court record despite not being technically involved in the trial himself, which was more than most others could—or would—do.

He wasn’t going to stick his neck out and risk his career for a werewolf though. Everyone had a line he guessed.

As the witness testimonies began, Harry noticed a lot of the room begin to talk amongst themselves quietly and getting pretty distracted, and a lot of the questions being asked of the witnesses were pretty repetitive as well. The mind healers all showed up, several people who’d known Sirius back in the day and vouched for him, and several more there to talk about how ‘Blacks were all crazy’ and had some anecdotes about the Black family tree that raised Harry’s brows at least—no one else seemed to find it news though.

He had heard from Daphne, a bit about the Black family of old, before Sirius’ himself. Going by some of these tales it sounded like once upon a time the Black family was actually way scarier than any other Slytherin family alive today—some people felt like they were telling ghost stories instead of official testimonies. The fact that Sirius was actually stifling a laugh at some of it and rolling his eyes at the rest proved even the insane stuff was probably closer to true than anyone was comfortable to hear.

What he was gathering by the fear in these grown men and women’s voices, was that in their heyday the Black family had been as rich as the Malfoys, but scarier than even the Zabini. More so, and I mean way more so, since the Blacks weren’t just batshit insane like Blaise and his mother were, but also fully, confidently, happily dark-sided compared to the Zabini’s family infamous grey status.

It made Harry wonder a bit, since he’d seen Gryffindor tower’s reaction to the news Sirus was getting a trial, but he had no idea how Slytherin house was reacting to it right now. On the most part he knew getting a family to back him would do something to his standing in snake politics, but it was only just now occurring to him what having the Black family specifically behind him would make him look in Slytherin’s eyes. Sirius was obviously a Gryffindor but… maybe it didn’t actually matter, he was still a Black no matter if he’d been disowned from them at one point.

Clearly it didn’t matter to these Dumbledore-loyal witnesses who spoke of them like boogeymen, and even Mrs. Malfoy had openly wanted to be on Sirius’ good side even if that meant having a werewolf to dinner, so clearly some snakes still saw a lot of value in the name ‘Black’. Even if Sirius was a Gryffindor and wanted nothing to do with his family’s horrid legacy.

Harry hadn’t really given any time or thought to that, but as the testimonies closed out without anything more interesting happening, he realized he probably should.

He realized he was starting to plan for the future actually… since the hope he’d been denying himself was starting to rear it’s ugly head, and tricking him into starting to believe that… things might actually work out as planned.

If Sebastian Greengrass was right, Harry being here meant for sure Sirius would be declared innocent, all he had to do was vote that way—to Mr. Malfoy’s point of things already being decided before the court date, that’s exactly what had happened here.

He wasn’t even mentally ready by the time Bennett was tapping his wand on his pulpit once more, to draw the room into silence.

“With that, our witness testimonies are complete. Is there any other evidence the counselors wish to present to the court?”

“No sir,” The two lawyers chimed in vastly different tones.

“Your closing statements then. Mr. Reed.”

The man swallowed, seemingly intimately aware there was nothing to be done at this point, but he held his dignity and persevered anyway. “I simply beseech the Wizengamont to understand the importance of not letting a dangerous, unsound man free onto the streets. Regardless of promises or past transgressions, we cannot allow dangerous people amongst us or we will lose all semblance of our society. I plead with the voting members here today to see sense.” He concluded.

Harry almost laughed when Sirius stuck his tongue out at the man’s back as he inclined his head at his audience.

“Ms. Valencia.”

“Thank you sir, and I’ll keep it just as simple as my colleague.” She smiled sweetly, but then it became wide enough to show her teeth once more and Harry sensed danger a second before it hit.

“Sirius Black is innocent and was wrongfully imprisoned for eleven years because this Ministry is woefully corrupt and incompetent. There was no evidence to arrest him, and no evidence now to sentence him with anything at all. He fought for his friends and has lost everything because of this government’s absolute failure to do their only job in protecting its citizens. Everyone who ever heard and dismissed his tale is guilty of believing gossip rather than doing the right thing and should find it hard to sleep at night knowing they helped contribute to this atrocity. With all due respect—of which I have very little—Minister Fudge should resign his position in disgrace for his interference, as he purposefully kept an innocent man in the hell known as Azkaban simply to save his own career. A career he’s accomplished nothing at anyway! The man is deplorable and anyone who supports him is a corrupt quack as well. Thank you all, for your time today.” She did a neat little curtsy despite the pantsuit instead of a skirt, and didn’t drop her smile for a second.

Harry almost clapped before realizing it would certainly out him in the dead-silent chamber.

Fudge was stunned quiet for several seconds along with the rest of them before he snapped out of it, and was clearly about to yell before Bennett hastily coughed, bringing things to order quickly before chaos could erupt. And it was undoubtedly about to.

“And with that!” He raised his voice, standing quickly and holding his wand up to grab their attention before anyone could start yelling. “I call this Wizengamont session to a vote, for the posted crimes against Sirius Orion Black. Each charge will be voted for separately. On the count of being an unregistered Animagus, he is found guilty by his own admission. The court will set a fine for the infraction and he will be required to register within ten days of today. On the count of the murder of Peter Pettigrew, what does the defendant plead?”

“Not guilty,” Sirius snapped, chin up once more but maybe harry was imagining how nervous he seemed. Maybe he was just projecting though since he himself was, in fact, quite nervous.

Bennett raised his wand into the air as if lifting a flare in order to be seen.

“The Wizengamont will cast their votes now.”



Chapter End Notes

Talking to the Moon, by Ashley Marina

Outrunning Karma, by Alec Benjamin





Chapter 76: Book 2 : Envy : 43


Chapter Notes

I might have started to write a marauders prequel to this story to help me write Sirius better but accidentally made Severus WAY too unlikable in that one lol. Too late now I suppose ٩(｡•́‿•̀｡)۶



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Lucius was reminiscing, more than he was listening to the farce of a trial happening below him right now.

He’d always known Black was innocent, but hearing that timid little Peter Pettigrew wasn’t actually had him stretching his memory to see if he could recall anything of that nature from back in his death eater days. To his chagrin he couldn’t recall ever seeing the boy—man now, he supposed— at any meetings of a particular persuasion, but Lucius was loathe to admit the fact that he himself was not exactly an ‘inner circle’ sort of person. His value to the dark lord had been his wealth and his connections, and no one, not even him, was stupid enough to think otherwise. Even Narcissa, who had the blood of the Black family, was safer than he was in the dark lord’s presence.

He'd never been at risk exactly since everyone knew his alliance belonged to the strongest tide—the clear victor. That the dark lord had actually fallen had been extremely surprising and unpleasant, as it’d ripped the rug out from under him and forced him and his family to go scrambling less he end up in Azkaban himself, but he also hadn’t missed the monster either. He’d missed the power and protection being aligned with the ‘winning side’ had once given him, but the dark lord himself he could live without. Lucius hadn’t loved serving someone like a house elf, but in a world where the powerful won he knew where his cards had lain and had chosen appropriately.

He had no qualms about his death eater past, but he felt no loyalty or nostalgia for those days either. The world had changed once the dark lord fell so he’d needed to learn a new set of rules to play by, and he had. The world as it had once been back then was gone so he’d put it from his mind and almost forgotten about the finer details of it since it was so irrelevant these days. Why remember the rules of a game no one played anymore?

Now though, he was trying to recall if Pettigrew and him had ever crossed paths and was coming up blank. Which implied the quivering little welp had probably been closer to the dark lord than Lucius himself had been.

Which pissed him off, frankly. He didn’t want to be the best servant amongst a bunch of drooling lapdogs exactly, but he did like to win, and somehow he felt like he’d come second place to someone much less important than he himself was. It was annoying.

Not unexpected, as his own part of the dark lord’s enterprise was pretty much entirely as the bank funding the entire operation. His role was never in doubt in that way so he was never really tasked with anything else but their finances, which also meant he was not actually involved in a lot of the more closely guarded information. Which meant he didn’t even know who amongst their old ranks did know those things.

The most he’d ever known was that Severus was inner circle. While the man had never explicitly said it, Lucius honestly believed he was essentially the dark lord’s right hand in many ways. That the potions master was now Dumbledore’s right hand in many ways was precisely the reason Narcissa had made him Draco’s godfather—that kind of protection from a man that devious was priceless.

Still.

Hearing that Pettigrew was most likely in the dark lord’s inner circle made him realize just how little he’d actually known about the death eater ranks. If he’d been asked who he thought was inner circle, he would’ve been picking from the death eaters he already knew, but he was only just now realizing that the true inner circle was probably people he didn’t know. Whiny little Gryffindors weren’t even off the table apparently, which was kind of revolutionary.

But it yet again proved how right he’d been to follow the dark lord. Clearly the monster had been miles ahead of even his own imagination, only the great fluke that was Harry Potter having managed to suddenly end his reign out of the blue. If the dark lord hadn’t anticipated that, then no one could’ve.

And it also proved how right he was to play his cards as carefully as he could. To be grey instead of simply abandoning the dark, of still taking care of the diary as asked of him, of still playing the part when he was in darker company… you never knew who was still out there, still loyal to a long-gone master. His fellows were one thing, but if pathetic little Pettigrew had been one of them, then no one was safe company to speak in front of: anyone could one day rat him out if he didn’t keep on his toes.

As expected, Valencia had put on a marvelous show for an otherwise boring trial, and that closing statement had nearly gotten him to break his composure and give a chuckle. She had no stake in the British wizarding world after all and could return to any other country to continue her work, so she always did have a sharper tongue than most others who were stuck living in a society that unfortunately needed those in power to be on their side. Lucius would’ve loved to call Fudge a spineless freak to his face but would unfortunately need to resort himself to flattering the dunce over lunches where he paid the bill and more, in order to be in his good graces.

It wasn’t just satisfying to witness though, it was also a good tactical move on Valencia’s part to say something so dramatic right before the final vote, as the lingering indignation or shock would make it very hard for people to push the matter from their minds and think of something else while the vote was being tallied. He’d only attempted it a handful of times himself, as it was rather unpleasant and degrading to someone of his stature, to need to feign ignorance enough you could fool yourself into forgetting the truth and believing in the reality you wanted in order to manipulate a vote. To play dumb as it were, which was essentially lobotomizing yourself for a second into believing what you wanted instead of the truth.

Even if at times it was in his best interest, Lucius hated pretending to be that dumb he couldn’t see the facts for what they were. Mainly because while he only did it to pretend, there were a lot of people in the Wizengamont who genuinely chose not to believe the hard fact and evidence in front of their faces, that were insanely talented at tuning out any information that didn’t fit into their preconceived opinions and justifying literally anything no matter how insane or stupid the logic was, so long as it made their dumb little world make sense. To need to pretend to be one of those morons annoyed him to death.

Luckily today there was no need for those mental exercises. He’d always known Black was innocent so he didn’t even really pay attention as Bennett raised his wand to draw in the tally.

The boy beside him though had his hands clenched in his robes and eyes screwed shut for a moment, so clearly he was trying extra hard to be sure his belief was heard. Which was entirely unnecessary, but children raised by muggles were surely uneducated.

One would think nearly two years of Hogwarts would’ve done something by now. He’d have to have a conversation with Draco about ensuring his friends acted more appropriately in the civil world, as being this ignorant about magic in the Wizengamont itself was rather embarrassing.

“For the murder of Peter Pettigrew, the Wizengamont finds Sirius Black innocent.” Bennett suddenly announced, looking down at the parchment in his hand that was undoubtedly filling out as he kept his wand in the air to draw in the count. “For the murders of the twelve muggles on the morning of November 1st, 1981, the Wizengamont finds Sirius Black innocent. For the charge of being a death eater, the Wizengamont finds Sirius Black innocent.” He concluded, a rather anticlimactic ending.

Lucius noted the boy beside him snap his head up. Did he not hear that this was a foregone conclusion? This was all just a farce for the public, Black was already going to be declared innocent since Narcissa had deemed it so months ago.

“For the counter charge of wrongful imprisonment, I declare the arrest to be lawful under the circumstances known to the aurors at the time, however the duration of imprisonment without trial despite having a completed auror investigation for over eleven years to be against the legal protections of wizarding charter citizens. A committee will be formed to determine the appropriate reparations owed to Mr. Black, and on behalf of the court you have my deepest apologies.” Bennett showed a feign of remorse, but as he didn’t lose his business-like attitude it came out rather rehearsed and obligatory than genuine.

Bennett probably was biased towards Black given he’d brought up Fudge’s wrongful arrest of a werewolf at all, which was a pretty risky move for someone whose career was only just now taking off. The only way Bennett was safe enough to do so was most likely because he could sense Fudge’s days were numbered in office after this and thought he could ride it out until a new Minister was named. Still, his show of being devoid of emotion even during an official apology was self-preservation, as everyone would be scrutinizing the man who’d judged the trial of the decade and any open display of bias would be picked apart by some party that wanted his budding career to take a stumble immediately.

He had brought up the werewolf in the first place, which was polarizing. He’d dropped it just as fast though, since even someone giving their all to be impartial knew that was a career sinker if he dwelled too long or deeply on the topic.

Bennett was an interesting one. He had the makings of being the next Barty Crouch someday, if not quite so fanatical, which was both a blessing and a curse to someone who might find themselves on both sides of the law like Lucius and his family may be. Someone who skewed light and made a big show of being an impartial judge, but who could play politics well enough to know when to leave lightness and impartiality behind. He could be useful, just as Lucius knew to be wary of him.

People like Bennett normally didn’t like Slytherins that much since they bought the stereotypes without looking much deeper than that, but he clearly also didn’t like Fudge a drop either. Unfortunately he was a prime target for Albus Dumbledore’s manipulations, and it’d only be if he decided he didn’t want to be in anybody’s pocket would he go from a mildly interesting young judge, to someone of way more concern. To someone who was a proper player on this chaotic field they were playing on.

Lucius would wait and see. If he became popular enough with the common light masses he might become a more regular figure in the Wizengamont, and since he seemed to know good sense and have a lick of ambition to him, he might be someone worth having over for drinks sometime too.

“Thus concludes today’s Wizengamont session, you are dismissed.” Bennett tapped his pulpit sharply and people barely let him finish before the room exploded into chatter. Thankfully people were doing this chatter while standing and leaving the room, many moving rather quickly since they were clearly eager to share this breaking news to the army of reporters surely waiting outside to see if they couldn’t grab a statement.

Lucius was under orders from his wife to not let any reporters see or speak to the boy beside him so they would wait a moment until the crowd had dispersed some before making for the exit, pretending to be interested in watching Black get whisked back off the side room by his auror escorts instead.

Harry didn’t stand, thankfully following his lead.

Or, actually, his fists were white-knuckled on the robes over his knees once more and his head was bowed, a tension Lucius didn’t understand racking his small frame. Was this not the outcome he wanted? He thought for sure it would be.

“What happens now." The boy got out, though clearly his jaw was clenched tight and the words barely made it through his teeth. Lucius raised a brow at him, unaware of where this… emotion was coming from. It seemed unnecessary.

"I assume Black will be in St. Mungos for a while yet, if that's what you mean." He answered in a bored drawl. “And you are expected back at Hogwarts soon.” He reminded, wanting to nip any request that the boy go meet that newly freed godfather today. There was no chance they could do that without alerting half the Ministry that Harry Potter had actually attended this trial. He’d been giving his all in confounding anyone who looked their way twice and he would not have that effort ruined over some child’s useless request. He could not imagine Black was going to be up for much conversing after all that anyway—Veritaserum tended to have some strange after-effects.

"I believe he might've been speaking to me, Lucius." A new voice spoke up from right behind them, and Lucius did not startle thankfully, but he was deeply disturbed someone had slipped past his own notice. Much less that a twelve-year-old Gryffindor, for some reason, had actually noticed this newcomer first.

And what an unwelcome intruder it was, as he glanced over his shoulder in distain to see Sebastian Greengrass in all his lackluster glory. The man would’ve been a respectable pureblood to give the Malfoy name a run for their money if he weren’t unpredictable enough to immediately make Lucius’ mood sour at the mere sight of him and his overly casual robes. He didn’t even recognize the embroidery around the neck of the fabric, but knew it was likely some of the latest fashion in one of the least fashionable places in the world, or something equally ridiculous.

Lucius despised the way he smiled so casually, like he wasn’t a Slytherin name worth fearing. Like he was some light-minded fool who could talk as easily to Arthur Weasley as he could the dark lord himself without a care in the world the person he was speaking to wasn’t just a friend over a pint at some muggle pub.

The man had a charm that had even Albus Dumbledore believing his friendly laughs and odd jokes about muggle nonsense, but Lucius had also seen him sell the names of his own half-blood roommates from Hogwarts to the death eaters for a good deal on the fabric trade. His smile never once wavered.

"Sebastian. What a pleasure." He felt the need to be polite, but there was certainly an undercurrent of what the fuck.

The man had the audacity to laugh, chuckling heartily like this was all very funny. He had the laugh of a man with a large belly that overindulged in port, yet it wasn’t to be trusted a second.

He wasn’t the kind to indulge in anything.

"I see Narcissa left out our conversations then," He smiled, and Lucius just went blank. That answered enough, actually, as it also explained why Narcissa wanted this asshole for tea later. He would be keeping his nose out of this one for the time being since he liked sleeping in his own bed at night.

To the young red head beside him though, Sebastian inclined his head quite politely.

"Mr. Potter, an honor to meet you in person. To answer your question, reparations to Mr. Black will need to be discussed. Valencia will set a meeting within the week, with a committee we will work to hand pick, who will then determine what those reparations will be. I suspect that will take upwards of a month, but I promise you we will ensure the payment will be hefty, if not in wealth as the Black family is not in need of such things, then in political immunity and medical support, which will be of much more use to him." He lifted his chin, gesturing to Lucius graciously. "In the meantime Lucius is correct, he'll be sent to St. Mungos from here directly. We will need information on his health and mental state to be able to correctly determine what reparations and support he needs to recover from his ordeal, and from that point on a decision will be made on when he can be released to the public." He explained.

Lucius wanted to ask but knew better if this was something his wife had arranged. He was honestly just more incredulous about why the boy beside him seemed to not need an introduction to Greengrass, much less why he seemed so… angry.

"What about Remus." Came the terse reply. That’s right, he cared about the werewolf for some reason. Did he not hear Bennett order him to be released? Why waste any more time on this? "Tell me you didn't set him up on purpose." Harry demanded as if trying to be restrained but not managing it at all. He spoke through clenched teeth after all, which ruined the mockery of the attempt.

Sebastian had the decency to place a hand over his chest in a show of apology that no one believed.

"What Fudge chose to do with him was out of my control," He shrugged half a shoulder.

“So the answer is yes, you did. You needed a scapegoat.” The boy demanded.

Sebastian blinked as if it was only just now occurring to him that the child he was speaking to was upset, and he pressed his lips a bit guiltily. Lucius bought that a little more this time.

“Hm… I do understand then. Never fear Mr. Potter, I will finish what I started.” Greengrass placed his hands together, giving a mock little bow.

"Sirius was innocent. How are you going to get a werewolf out of prison?"

"I have my ways. He's owed his own trial given he was just implicated in Mr. Black's testimony, so he'll need to be summoned for that." Sebastian allowed, blue eyes glancing out at the room and clearly already planning something.

"The full moon is in four days." Came the dead reply, and both adults paused a beat. The slouched man glanced at Lucius for a moment and it was clear he hadn’t considered that in whatever plan he was concocting here. Just because Greengrass didn’t care enough to hate werewolves—or anything really—didn’t mean he cared enough to know much about them to the point he’d consider their transitions into his plots. Lucius didn’t either, but then again this wasn’t his plan—apparently it was Sebastian’s and this was for some reason a mistake of his.

Because the tone Harry spoke in now was bordering on homicidal from his rage. Quiet still as they were in public, but Lucius was suddenly very concerned he was about to have a Gryffindor outburst and catch the attention of the crowd of reporters just outside the now-empty chamber doors.

"You're telling me he's going to live through a transformation in Azkaban? Because I know you're not telling me that hearing is happening tomorrow so— so he's going to have a full moon in a place they call hell, and he's actually going to survive it!?" The boy demanded, whipping around to face the man behind him fully.

Sebastian leaned back, pursing his lips.

Lucius thought he’d help defuse the situation since he did not want a little lion causing a scene right now.

"There are other werewolves in Azkaban, and have been for many years." He offered dryly.

"Werewolves who've locked themselves in tiny cage for their entire lives? Who hate themselves the way Remus hates himself? Who've ripped themselves apart to prevent ripping into others? Are you promising me that Remus will survive this?" Big, green, fiery eyes raced between the two adults but neither could do anything with those demands.

His wrath landed on Sebastian almost imploringly, but the man could only make a childish face. Like a kid who was annoyed to hear his poor test grade meant there would be no dessert with dinner this eve.

"Well, I can't promise you that. Life and death is, unfortunately, beyond my power." He tutted. "I can promise you however, that I will give as much effort to retrieve him as I have for Mr. Black. Bennett gave the order to release him but no one is going to follow up on that order willingly, so I’ll be sure someone does. You have my word, Mr. Potter."

The boy stared at him only a moment longer before turning around in his seat to glare down at the now empty room below them. The glare would be ruined by the fact he was very clearly trying not to cry… if not for how both men immediately noticed the blood seeping around his lips as they pressed tight. Clearly he’d bitten his tongue to prevent himself from saying anything further.

Which was pretty admirable of a Gryffindor child, if not also exactly as dramatic as expected. They couldn’t just shut their mouths, oh no they had to draw blood to prove the point.

Lucius rolled his eyes. As it was, even that bit of blood was probably not in the spirit of things when Narcissa told him to bring the boy back unharmed, so he mentally thanked Sebastian for getting him in trouble with his wife in this less-than five minute conversation somehow. He stood and ensured his robes were pristine as always, gesturing to the boy briskly to stand. He turned to Sebastian coldly.

"Well, with that done we should be going. Sebastian, it's been too long—Narcissa and I would love to have you over Easter if you're available."

Blue eyes glinted in the medium light of the court without bothering to stand or even correct his overly casual sprawl on the bench.

"That's a busy time for the trade, you know." He gave a cursory reminder that he would be neck deep in arranging the next tea tasting then, but as Lucius blank smile he got the message.

He had until Easter to give this boy an answer or Narcissa would gut him.

He gave in with a little chuckle—neither concerned nor overly happy either. Just a man who was quite busy getting another task added to his list and not bothering to even be surprised anymore.

"But of course, a drink or two couldn't hurt. We'll plan on it."

"Do let me know." Lucius deadpanned. "Mr. Potter I believe they expect you back at school post-haste."

He didn’t really expect the boy to speak, so he didn’t really wait for an answer as he led the way from the hall with a silent, neon red shadow close behind him.

With that over with, and the whirlwind of learning that Sirius Black would be re-entering the playing field shortly now officially in front of them, it was time to see if this could be used to his advantage. He’d be more concerned about the Black family returning to the stage if he didn’t already know his wife’s cousin would, undoubtedly, be very unwilling to play politics… and the key to forcing him was already trailing quietly in Lucius’ wake.

000

They went right from the Ministry floo to McGonagall’s office. She was there as if waiting for them, on her feet in a moment and coming around the desk to greet them in that stiff yet hasty manner she had that was the only hint of her anxiety.

It felt weird to be standing here again, almost exactly the same cast as when he’d left a couple days ago.

It felt like much longer though. It felt much worse since there was now one person very noticeably missing from this scene.

The adults were talking but Harry wasn’t listening, too overwhelmed to handle this. Especially not when he saw McGonagall’s face shatter.

She knew.

She’d known Sirius.

And Remus.

And Peter.

“Can I go?” He blurted out, whatever they’d been saying cut off and both adults looking down at him. His professor at least looked concerned while Mr. Malfoy seemed visibly insulted he’d been interrupted.

“Mr. Potter—”

“Please?” He begged her, and he knew he was her favorite because he could see her visibly debate it before giving in. No way on earth she’d ever let another student get away with interrupting much less running off while the school was still technically in a lock down.

“Straight to Gryffindor tower, there’s still a monster on the loose, as well as aurors that need to complete their investigation uninterrupted. I will speak with you later.”

“Thank you Professor,” He got out hastily as he made for the door, ignoring the bit about them talking because he was absolutely not going to do that, but wasn’t going to argue about it now. He left without a backwards glance and was making his way through the halls of Hogwarts briskly now.

To where?

He didn’t know, but not Gryffindor tower, that was for sure.

He didn’t even know what time it was or what was happening in the castle right now, he didn’t know if classes were still in session or if they’d had a break for this craziness or if only his world was stopped right now and for everyone else this was a completely normal Monday.

McGonagall had a point though that there was a monster roaming around right now and if an auror saw him out unattended he’d probably be questioned which would not be happening right now, so he slipped his hood up and disappeared from the visible eye in the middle of the hallway. That gave him some breathing room but he was still moving quickly because he needed to get away from everything that just happened, he just… he didn’t know where he was going to. Away, for one, but… he needed to think about the destination.

He would not cry.

Things had gone as expected once they got to the trial, in that Sirius was now officially a free man. That was all Mr. Greengrass had officially promised and he’d done so. Even more since it seemed he was now paying people off to be sure they got a good deal out of the reparations committee thing.

Harry really should’ve thanked him, having officially met him now, but he couldn’t bring himself to. On one hand the man had come through, very much as promised, and Harry knew he was going to get a good deal. Sebastian would make sure Sirius could adopt him without issue before summer came, so all his fears about needing to ask Blaise for a favor (god forbid) or just drop out of Hogwarts eventually were finally put to rest. He’d never need to see the Dursleys again and that did make this silent knot in the pit of his stomach that he’d been carrying for months finally loosen and disappear. New anxieties were surfacing about what was to come, but the deepest one was finally loosened enough he felt like he could breath just a little more than he’d been able to in almost a year.

Even more than that, Harry had added to the deal in asking Remus to be freed as well. Or, Mr. Greengrass had picked up on it and easily agreed to get him out as well. Harry sincerely doubted there were many others out there who’d actually agree to help a werewolf, much less so casually as he had… and he’d already done it once with Sirius so it was pretty safe to say he’d get Remus out now too.

The Greengrass family had fulfilled its promises and more. Harry had gotten not just what he asked for, but everything he’d actually wanted out of the deal that he hadn’t originally known in the beginning.

He still couldn’t thank Mr. Greengrass. He knew it was beyond petty to be upset about how the man had gone about doing things, because he should’ve known by Daphne’s reaction when he first offered the deal that it was too good to be true to just sell his name and trust everything would work out in the end.

I’m not going to thank him. He didn’t do it out of the kindness of his heart, he’s being paid well enough with an oath on my name, he doesn’t need my gratitude too. He thought bitterly, steeling himself.

Gratitude meant nothing in a business like this. He would be paying in blood for this someday, and now he knew that a lethal snake like Mr. Greengrass would ask for anything without mercy or hesitation.

He wouldn’t say thank you: the man was being paid enough.

He found himself in the entrance hall, pausing as he glanced around. There wasn’t a soul in sight and it was quiet, so classes were probably still in session. He looked up the stairs, then at the front door, to the many entrances and exits that would take him anywhere in the castle he wanted to go right now… but suddenly it hit him where he needed to go first.

He walked this time, he didn’t run, because chances were he would be in classes and he’d need to wait outside anyway but…

When he got in front of the wall where he knew the Slytherin common room door should be, he glanced around to be sure there were no portraits in sight and then lowered his hood. He wasn’t a Slytherin so it wouldn’t show for him but he figured he’d give it a shot.

“Isss anyone there?”

“You’re not one of mine,” A voice came, a door seeping into existence on the wall a little to the left of where Harry had been guessing, but he was right that the decals around the door were stone snakes with muted pearly eyes that he could speak to. “I’m not letting you in even if you can underssstand me,”

The snake that was speaking was curling over the top frame, but slithering down the side ledge, dipping in and out of the wall in a spiral pattern as if there were a pole there only it could wiggle around. It came down low enough to poke its diamond head out at him and flick a tongue out to inspect his scent.

“A ssspeaker yesss, but alssso a lion. Even if you knew the password I would not let you in.” It told him snobbishly.

That was a pretty good security system, Harry had to admit.

“I’m not asssking to be let in, I was just wondering if you could get sssomeone for me? If he’sss in there he’ll have white hair and grey eyesss, and be my age.”

“I don’t know how old humansss are,” The snake didn’t make a facial expression but Harry got the impression it was pouting. “You all look the sssame to me!”

That was a fair point. What did snakes differentiate people by? Other than scent he supposed, as he wouldn’t be able to describe that to crown molding.

He perked up,

“You can tell how warm creaturesss are though, right? He’ll be the coldessst human in this whole dorm.”

It hummed a moment, then flicked its tongue out. “There isss a human that is not warm like the othersss… why should I get him for you?”

He was in a Hogwarts hallway and probably would get in a lot of trouble if there were dark magic wards about (which he was hoping there weren’t since this was the Slytherin dorm and that might be a little too bit of a self-report) but he had rats on the brain and a coldness in his heart that had him forgetting to hesitate.

“Do you want a sssnack?”

He reached into his bag and pulled out some coals he’s taken from an empty Gryffindor fireplace early one morning several weeks ago—just in case. With a twist of his wand suddenly it was a thrashing mouse that was squeaking in a panic at being clenched by a human hand out of nowhere.

Or perhaps it was mostly panicked about its sudden existence at all.

He hadn’t gotten very far into the field of dark transfiguration, but this one he knew he could do even as he read the theory on it in his four poster bed when everyone else was still asleep. It was simple enough to do, anyone else his age could do it… but the idea of permanent transfiguration was a peculiar thing.

And by peculiar he meant extremely questionable, ethically speaking.

It was one thing if a pair of glasses could turn into a bird for a couple hours, another thing entirely if you permanently transfigured glasses into a living, breathing, genuine bird with sentience and life. Creating life without accountability definitely counted as something dark probably… though it was a dog-eat-rat kind of world they were living in and this coal-turned-mouse would have a short life in the name of giving a stone snake it’s first meal in what was probably centuries.

Because it very much was interested as it lifted its head and hissed highly—several other snakes around the door writhing and poking their heads up now that he had fully gotten their attention. They were audibly upset they weren’t in on this trade and complaining about it.

“Deal!” The first snake cried and Harry tossed the mouse. Stone jaws snapped out and it was gone in a couple seconds of swallowing; it was tiny mouse after all. “Ssso warm… I thank you for that, little lion. The cold one you sssaid? Jussst a moment,”

It disappeared into the wall along with the very door itself, theoretically going to uphold its end of the bargain.

Harry just wiped the remnants of soot from the coal off on his robes distractedly.

He realized he actually had no idea how it would get Draco’s attention since the Malfoy couldn’t speak snake but… guess he was about to find out. Hopefully it wasn’t too dramatic that it caused a scene in the middle of the Slytherin common room.

Ah…maybe he should’ve thought this through a little more…

Well, it was too late clearly as it didn’t take a minute for the door to reappear—this time because it was swinging open and he blinked at the sudden light compared to the dark hallway, the doorway revealing a very confused looking Draco.

In another situation Harry would’ve found the comical double-take he did to be laugh worthy. Even so, he was endeared by the look for belated realization that rippled across the blond’s face.

“Right, who else can talk to stone snakes,” He muttered rhetorically to himself, making Harry wonder just what the snake had done, and more importantly what on earth Draco had thought was happening before he remembered the only parselmouth at Hogwarts.

He saw several people (read: the entire snake house apparently) in the common room over Draco’s shoulder and obviously looking their way. Clearly the snake had indeed caused a disturbance and given he was the man of the hour since Harry doubted even Slytherin parents had been able to get the news to their children just yet, they were dying to know.

He would deal with them later though, because he caught a small little flicker of Blaise and immediately knew he was not in the mood for all that. So he reached out and grabbed Draco’s hand without hesitation, yanking him from the doorway hard enough the blond practically flew with a startled yelp. Thankfully he was athletic enough to catch himself as they got clear and the door closed, casting them into the shadow of the poorly lit dungeon hallway once more.

“Harry?” Draco was not dumb and didn’t even object to the manhandling as he clued in immediately that something was wrong.

“Sirius was found innocent.”

Draco audibly choked on air for a second, stunned to the core and grey eyes going wider than Harry could remember them being since the first weeks they’d known each other. “You’re… wait really?”

Harry couldn’t remember the last time Draco had looked so… what was the word he was looking for? Not naïve exactly, not even innocent as he wasn’t sure he’d ever been those things. He was sheltered and spoiled but he wasn’t stupid and it hadn’t taken him long after being sorted into Slytherin for him to learn to shut up and go with the flow of things when he realized just how out of depth he was.

Still… Harry remembered eating ice cream in Diagon Alley with his brand new (first) friend and how everything he’d said seemed to be the first time Draco had ever heard those words before. How startled and aghast he was at a worldview so different than his own. And yes the sheltered child had found it a bit uncomfortable sometimes but Harry had mainly been just so entertained by how taken aback and wide-eyed Draco would get about the most mundane of things—like the mere idea not everyone grew up knowing Latin or that people weren’t born knowing what a quaffle was.

He suspected Draco had gotten a lot of backlash for that kind of attitude once starting in the snake house, where every little thing he might’ve been surprised by was met with derision and condescension that he didn’t already know things. Harry didn’t quite notice when Draco had withdrawn his reactions to be a lot more like his mother’s—calm and hidden behind a press of the lips and a glance to the side, and if something did surprise him he now kept it much closer to the chest so that people wouldn’t think him dumb or naïve.

Harry hadn’t even realized over the past several months how much Draco had calmed and become more… composed? He wasn’t sure that was the right word either, but whatever it was there was much less honest reactions to things these days, to the point he couldn’t remember the last time Draco had looked so confounded.

But it was just the two of them right now, and… Harry realized that just as he felt something unwind in his shoulders to have Draco in front of him right now, so too did Draco’s front seem to drop away, and he didn’t hesitate to show his honest reaction to news he found utterly shocking. Because it was just Harry here, and he knew he wouldn’t be judged for being the boy he once was as they ate ice cream on a sunny summer day.

It felt like a lifetime since that day. They’d both learned so much since, become so much more since… but suddenly Harry was overwhelmed by the reminder that Draco had not changed from that earnest and clumsily arrogant boy he’d been back then. He might’ve learned skills to handle navigating his world better, but in his heart he hadn’t changed at all from someone who just wanted to make a friend but had no fucking clue how to do that.

Unlike me, he thought blankly. What I wouldn’t give to be that person again.

He was just… indescribably fond of this hopelessly earnest guy.

Draco grunted as he was suddenly being hugged within an inch of his life, but got with the program to put his hands up gently on his back to return it. He’d been getting better that that, still not used to be touchy-feely but less awkward and stiff about it by the day, particularly since Harry didn’t give him a choice about it in situations like this… situations that unfortunately kept happening.

“It was all actually kind of horrific.” He confessed into Draco’s shoulder, feeling the blond tense and the hands on his back become pointedly tighter.

“Are you okay?” Came the instant question.

“…no.” He admitted, because at this point there was no point. Not anymore. “…your dad saved me though.”

“What!? From what? Or who?” Draco tried to pull back, probably to bodily inspect him for injuries again, but Harry refused to let go. He held on tight enough that he got another grunt of pain from his captured friend for his efforts. “Harry, are you okay!?”

“I’m not hurt.” He reassured him but still didn’t want to let go. He felt the blond pause as he evaluated that silently (probably wondering if he should believe him or not) … before gentle hands on his back pressed down more reassuringly.

“Right… so this is something I can’t fix.”

Harry gave a slightly wet laugh into his shoulder. This idiot… this uselessly kind idiot.

“I didn’t come here so you could fix it.”

“Oh. Then… what exactly…?”

Harry took another moment to collect himself before finally releasing him, a small smile tugging at corners of his lips even despite everything, but Draco’s attempt really did sooth more than he was expecting it to. He took a breath.

“I didn’t want to go back to Gryffindor and have everyone asking me all these questions I wouldn’t be able to answer,” He confessed.

“Understandable.” Draco didn’t even question it, focused elsewhere as his eyes scanned him over, clearly still not believing him that he wasn’t injured going by his dubious frown. “Does that mean you don’t want me to ask? Because I at least want to know how my father was involved in this.”

“Are you busy right now?”

“No, I just have Herbology later but I’ll skip it,” He waved it off without hesitation. Harry really, really appreciated that even someone who played so uptight at the Slytherin lunch table knew exactly where his priorities really lay. And he couldn’t really express what it meant to him that he was his priority.

He grabbed his hand tightly once more.

“Come on,”

The didn’t go far, actually going deeper into the darker hallways of the dungeon and Draco not commenting but clearly not sure where he was leading them. Really the only thing this far down was a few empty classrooms, the actual dungeons where Filch kept threatening to hang students by their thumbs, and a whole lot of dead ends that were pretty fitting for an ancient magical castle that liked to confuse people.

There was one thing though that the twins had shown him with the map, that he was pretty sure no one else knew about, much less be able to find, that would be the perfect place to talk.

As he approached where the thought it was, he went to the side of the hallway and pressed a shoulder against it, sliding along the wall and Draco following his lead until—

They slipped around a corner that had not previously been there, a stone hallway unlike the rest of the dungeon makeup stretching out before them. Harry suspected this type of stone was as old as the castle itself, probably not having been touched since the founders themselves walked here—or the various dedicated pranksters who’d managed to stumble upon it by being creative with their exploration methods. Whatever the reason, despite how many centuries had passed very few feet had walked here and the air was stagnant as the rest of the lower levels, so the flat shale stones beneath their feet were un-eroded and the walls of a style that was very much purposeful but unlike anything else in Hogwarts right now. Harry suspected it was most likely what the original dungeon hallways had looked like, back when the castle was freshly built, but hidden away ever since.

Draco did a double take beside him, glancing back and seeing the seemingly open hallway intersection behind them but knowing nothing had been there a moment ago.

“Was this always here?”

“Yep. The twins showed it to me—I don’t think anyone else knows about it though.”

“Well that’s handy,” He glanced down the hallway that trailed into darkness—the torchlight from behind them illuminating the entrance way some but quickly fading out into nothingness ahead of them. “Where does it lead?”

“Edge of the lake, near where the boats land for first years.”

“That’s pretty cool, if even people walking by can’t see this…” He grasped both the usefulness and the magic of it pretty quickly, but wasn’t that distracted by it given he had more pressing matters on the mind. He gave a pointed look and took a seat against one of the walls, stretching out his legs some—and Harry didn’t need more of an invitation to join him, pressed right up against his side and finally let out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding.

It was both comfortable and tense in the long moment that followed, but Draco didn’t immediately break it. When it became clear Harry wasn’t gushing to talk about it though, he started someplace easy, but not shying away from the main topic at hand that needed to be said.

“You were at the trial? That’s what people were saying but we didn’t know…”

“Yeah.” He admitted, frowning at the far wall in front of them. He wanted to talk but realized there was a lot of background he had not told Draco before, so most of this was going to be news to him even if it wasn’t what he wanted to talk about. Still… he had to start somewhere. “I… I didn’t tell you a lot of things.”

Draco rolled eyes with a light scoff.

“I don’t tell you everything by a long shot. It’s only fair you keep your own things to yourself.” He dismissed the concern diplomatically. “I would hope you’d know that you don’t have to trade information with me like you do everyone else though. You can just tell me things sometimes.”

“Can I though? Mr. I can’t fix this?”

He huffed in annoyance. “I’ve done so well this year! So long as you’re not injured I haven’t pushed anything, have I? I haven’t demanded a single answer despite the fact I know you’re full of shit half the time,”

“No, I guess you mostly bother Theo these days,” Harry admitted, managing a small smile in spite of it all.

“Nott forgets to eat. That’s different.” He insisted, tilting his chin up defiantly..

Harry actually managed a tiny laugh… Draco had that way about it though. He made him feel like him being hesitant or uneasy was ridiculous, that he was blowing things out of proportion and that of course them talking was the most normal thing in the world. If Harry hesitated it was because of something he made up in his head, not because Draco himself didn’t want to hear it.

It was comforting, though he bit his lip as he felt him needing to confirm it was actually true.

“Can I actually tell you things Draco? Like actually?”

“Of course!”

“Because this will be about Remus mostly,” He expected to cut off the blond’s casual attitude with a blunt retort, but Draco did not seize up or hesitate like Harry thought he would—he really just rolled his eyes and gave a rather impatient huffing sound as he glanced at him, unamused.

“We’ve been over that. Yes, you can tell me things, no I will not go about telling other people your business. You may not like how I act about things but that doesn’t mean you can’t tell me. Just because I have no interesting in being involved in your business does not mean I don’t want to hear about them—like the football club and whatever nonsense you get up to.” He dismissed the highly controversial topic of his werewolf godfather as nothing, like he’d be just as dismissive if Harry were suddenly nervous to talk to him about the weather or some other meaningless small talk topic.

Harry would be confused—only a couple days ago he’d maybe even get mad at the sudden tone shift compared to the last time they talked about werewolves back in the owlery—but after today he felt like he was waking up to something maybe Draco had already known, it was him who’d completely misunderstood his Slytherin friend.

The same coldness he’d felt talking to Mrs. Malfoy this morning… suddenly dealing with her was the least of his problems and her manipulations had taken a sharp backseat in his priorities. Yeah whatever, let’s have dinner, it no longer mattered to him in the end so long as it meant his friends and family were safe.

At one point he’d hated the mere thought of sitting across from her at tea, wanting to crawl out of his skin rather than be cornered into a verbal corner like that. There’d been this ugly heat, this rage and frustration that had him clawing at the walls of his own mind to just get the fuck out. He couldn’t stand it, to the point it felt like there was nothing worse than being trapped in Malfoy Manor with her deceptively warm smiles and glinting eye.

Now though, he could give a snitch. Being briefly inconvenienced that he was no match for her small talk was NOT the worst thing in the world and an hour of tea was a small price to pay in the grand scheme of things. He would still not enjoy it at all but he had lost all of the heat his hatred once had, and now it was replaced by this slightly chilled apathy for some chore he knew was a necessary evil. It was like potions class—he did not enjoy the constant insults and threats from Snape, but he could keep his head down for a couple hours a week and get his potions done to save his grade. He hated how boring History was with Binns, but same thing he just bore it and took notes anyway because he wasn’t going to be called dumb because he failed a test.

And just because he didn’t like potions and the whole topic left a sour taste in his mouth since Snape had poisoned the entire field of study for him, did not mean he wouldn’t listen to Draco—who loved potions—talk about it to his heart’s content. He didn’t like potions but seeing Draco’s enthusiasm for them was nice in it’s own way, because he loved his friend and seeing him happy over something so simple once in a while was nice.

And maybe… that was an attitude Draco had from the beginning.

Just because he refused to get involved with the football club did not mean he wouldn’t listen to Harry talk about it, or even comment on it from the perspective of an outsider when Harry was struggling to make balanced teams for the next games. Similarly… just because he didn’t want to deal with Remus personally did not mean he wouldn’t listen.

Harry had assumed everyone felt the way he felt, but… that was an insanely Gryffindor mindset, wasn’t it?

Draco really didn’t care as deeply as he did about the things they didn’t share, it didn’t matter to him as much as the things they did share, and that… had always been enough for him. Harry was the only one worrying that it meant they weren’t good friends or something.

Huh.

Maybe he just… didn’t understand friends like he thought he did, despite claiming to have so many.

“Harry,” Draco broke into his thoughts, when he’d been silent for a little too long. He pulled at his sleeve lightly, guiding him back down to earth with gentle prompting. “What happened?”

Harry just leaned his head on Draco’s shoulder, took a breath, and started from the beginning.

000

Severus didn’t knock as he swept into Minerva’s office, barely keeping a lid on what felt like his blood pressure about to hit the roof after the day he’d just had. He really should’ve kept to breaking things in the privacy of his own office but this time… well, before he figured out who he needed to poison he needed more information.

“What do you know.” He demanded acidly, not even sparing a ‘good evening’ to the woman sitting behind her desk.

She was always like that. Always working, spectacles perched on her nose as she glanced down at the situation before her sternly. He kind of hated how she looked up from the papers in front of her the same way she did when he was here to argue over some of their students fighting, or to hand over the Gryffindors’ tests grades, even now when the topic was so heinously darker.

Right now they weren’t colleagues or fellow schoolteachers, they were people who aligned under Dumbledore and did the Headmaster’s dirty work. They both knew damn well this wasn’t something any other teacher in this castle understood.

They’d had this sort of conversation before—many times. Though this was perhaps the first time it was so… personal.

To the both of them.

“Severus,” She greeted blankly, clearly having expected him.

“There’s been no word from the headmaster but there is no way he didn’t know. What do you know?” He demanded again, impatiently.

“Albus did not tell me anything related to Mr. Black.” She set down her quill stiffly, but Severus just seethed.

“There is no way I’m stupid enough to believe that, Minerva.”

She shot him a sharp look over her glasses. “Well perhaps you need to evaluate your intelligence if you can’t accept the truth for what it is.”

Severus paused a beat, kind of taken aback she’d actually gotten so sharp. Normally she stuck to sarcasm and dry wit if she were frustrated with him. “He really told you nothing?”

“Albus is not all-knowing. There is a chance he was not aware of this trial, or the situation in general, just as we were not.” She clicked her tongue as she stood, brushing down her robes.

The potions master could only raise his brows at her in open disbelief. “Now that I will not believe, and there’s no way you believe it either. Tell me you don’t?” He gaped.

Her face twisted. Finally a crack in the façade as he knew there would be.

“Why exactly are you here, Severus? What is it you would like me to say to you? I am sure Lucius Malfoy has already given you all the details of the trial and more that will not be in the papers, so what exactly is it that I could say to you that would add to the conversation?” She beseeched kind of sharply.

“If you truly knew nothing then I would think we’d commiserate our distaste of the headmaster. He’s not exactly here to hear my displeasure,” He sneered, arms crossed and glancing to the side as if Dumbledore would be able to feel his glare from here.

“Oh, and it is my privilege then, to be the audience for your frustrations?” She raised a brow over her spectacles.

“You’ve only been offering to share a drink since I became a teacher, and if ever there was a night for such a thing this would be it.” He complained but she was unamused. It was a Monday night, with classes and such tomorrow. “It was a joke.” He deadpanned since clearly she was looking down at him.

“I’ve offered an ear to listen because I knew you were an unhappy man with many burdens and I wanted to help my colleague, but I’ll admit tonight is not the night I’ll be doing much listening. I have my own griefs to handle, thank you.” She dismissed him summarily, turning back to her desk as if that were all, but a flare of anger had him opening his mouth before he could think better of it.

“Greif, yes. You call it mourning but in reality you celebrate the freedom of a lunatic so you could care less about how much it pisses me off,” He snapped.

She shot him a look that boarded on a glare, which was rare for her. Normally she just looked down her nose with a stern look if his words toed the line for her.

“It’s hard to celebrate anything given everything I have learned today. If you think I’m going to be tapdancing about the horrific truths that were just revealed then you truly do not know me at all, do you Severus.” She defended coldly. “I did expect you here tonight, as I knew you’d be unable to keep your displeasure to yourself, but just because I am not surprised does not mean I am not disappointed.”

“Oh yes, because I cannot find it in myself to lie and say I’m happy that the world’s most reckless lunatic will be let loose on the streets once more,” he drawled sarcastically and she pressed her lips into a line.

“I just wish you could be more charitable, given the situation. To either myself or to Mr. Black.”

“Charitable?”

“I know you didn’t like him but a man has spent eleven years in utter hell for no reason. Do you really hate him so much you feel nothing for the horror of that? No compassion at all?” Minerva demanded, abandoning her pretense of trying to end the conversation and squaring up against him properly now.

“Where was his compassion when he tortured me and my classmates for seven bloody years?” He shot back just as heatedly.

He saw her bite her tongue, and knew she wanted to press back on that—call what Potter and his cronies did just some petty pranks or whatever. She at least had sense not to do that though, since if she downplayed it yet again he was going to lose his temper for once and they both knew it.

Instead she reeled it in through much force of will and pressed on through nearly gritted teeth.

“Even if that were true, has he not paid enough? He lost the man he called a brother and has been with dementors ever since! Or, that’s it then… you’ve never cared at all about what happened to them. Any of them.”

Except Lily.

He wasn’t sure he that’s what she was imply, but Severus knew in the deepest part of the soul that the accusation was dead true. And you know what, he wasn’t ashamed of it either. He would never be.

“Why would I care about what happens to my enemies beyond the fact they’ve been brought to justice,” He retorted, unrepentant—and saw the way it made her temple twitch.

“Justice. Of course.” She seethed, anger bubbling beneath her stern control, but it was there. “You see them as enemies but you’ve have never once acted like you’ve won anything despite the fact they have never stopped losing for over a decade now. All these years you’ve sulked and suffered whatever it is that haunts you, not even their misfortune brought you joy, so why act like any of it matters to you now? Why be angry that someone you claim to care nothing about is getting a brief moment of happiness?”

“Because they robbed me of mine,” He hissed.

“Yet where have they been for eleven years? What has stopped you from being happy while they’ve been half dead and gone all this time!? Or did some inter-house quarrels really rob you of an entire life’s worth of happiness? A man of your capability actually let it?”

“Don’t pretend like you don’t know what they did. Don’t act innocent, you always favored them! Even when they were torturing Slytherins and calling it silly pranks you let them get away with it!”

“I did not.”

“You did,”

“I did NOT, but I bloody well wish I had!” She burst out, voice finally breaking into a full yell and Severus actually stopped—taken aback that she’d actually said that.

“What!? How could you-”

“How could I!? How could I? Look in the mirror for once,” She snapped as she took a very threatening step forward that had Severus realizing she had fully lost her temper now. He’d been so confident she’d never let her oh-so reasonable persona slip, that she’d never allow herself to be seen as anything than composed, that it genuine shocked him that the floodgates seemed to have finally burst open.

And that all that anger and conflict seemed to be aimed directly at him.

“Do you think I didn’t see my own students leave my classroom and walk straight to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!? Children I helped raise and tried to do right by, only for them to torture and kill even more of my children!? Do you really think I didn’t see them!? That I wouldn’t recognize the people I taught for seven years!? Did you really think I didn’t recognize you?!”

Severus caught his breath, not willing to move just then.

She was a smart woman, he’d always known that. It was just that she was so damn loyal and lion-like that he was… well he’d been sure that if she knew the truth about him she wouldn’t treat him half so civilly, that she wouldn’t try to be friendly with the invites to drinks that he’d never taken her up on. She was a proud lion after all, one of the most righteously insufferable one of them all: there was no scenario in which she’d ever be anything less than cold to a death eater. Even a reformed one, so he pretended to be.

Except… apparently she’d always known? He’d gotten Dumbledore’s word that this was one of the things he’d never tell to his deputy, which meant she was probably telling the truth that she’d known—what, since he was still a student!?

He wasn’t sure what to think of that.

“You went to the dogs before any of them, you joined those devils! You—you broke my heart before any of them did you hypocritical brat!” She burst out, and he looked down his expression as his own flare of anger rose to join hers. Because while whatever reason she had for trying to be civil all this time despite his past made little sense, those words were practically expected—he’d always known she’d eventually show her true colors in her hatred for snakes.

“Minerva,” He tried to cut her off with no luck as she did not let him get a word in.

“I have done everything I could to be as impartial as humanly possible all this time, the key point being human! Which I am and yes, you’re right, I’ve had favorites—but unlike you I always kept them to myself for their own good! Because in the end they are children who deserve the same chances as everyone else! I have done what I thought was best and tried to be unbiased but it was students like you who made it so impossibly difficult to maintain it! Sirius Black used to pull pranks but you—you have killed people in the dark lord’s name and if you think me choosing to care for someone who never did me harm is unfair, then I don’t know what to say to you Severus, I really don’t.”

She took another step forward and he felt the instinct to back up, but forced himself not to and instead just return her truly impressive glare with one of his own.

She barred her teeth at him as if she really were a lion. “I never favored them, but I really wish I had. I wish I had been petty and unforgiving enough to treat children like they truly deserved for their choices, so that in a time of war I could’ve looked at those who I knew would eventually become Death Eaters and let my lions devour them before they’d ever get the chance. But I didn’t, I tried to give children the chance to grow and see their full potential—even if in the end I only gave He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named more followers that I personally trained for him! I will never be able to live peacefully with that shame, yet you stand here as one of those very students who have hopelessly disappointed me and dare to talk about the injustice of life!?”

She let out a single humorless laugh.

“I know injustice, because if this world were just then none of my students would be dead—or worse, death eaters.”

She practically spat the words at him and then fell silent, Severus letting her and the weight of her outburst making the air thick in the small office. He let it wash over him but his heart hardened for good this time as she sharply turned away with a shaky breath like she hadn’t realized how upset she actually was, pressing a wrist to the corner of her eye hastily like he couldn’t see her.

She was a Gryffindor, and one of the worst of them all. He’d known that as a student when she’d always let Potter get away with murder, and he’d known it even as he’d become a teacher and she’d given this weak attempt at being nice to him since they were ‘equals’ now.

But she was a Gryffindor and she never once thought they were equals. She’d looked down at him this entire time and he wasn’t insane for never buying into it after all, since he’d been right.

He drew himself to his full height in the silence. He was taller than her now, significantly so when he didn’t slouch so he looked down at her now with a knowing smirk.

“You’ve never cared about my history until now. It’s not me, it’s pathetic little Peter Pettigrew that really broke your heart, isn’t it?”

He saw the words pierce her as if they were a physical blade, eyes betraying her own horror before she caught herself straightened up stiffly, regaining that annoying composure she always hid behind. Chin up, lips pressed into a thin line and eyes ice cold.

“I always cared, I was just giving you the benefit of the doubt. A wasted hope, I see.” She got out bitterly.

“You want to say you could see my path because I was a Slytherin and all snakes are evil, isn’t that right? But you had no idea one of your own would do it too. For as much as you trusted your little lions, it was one of your own who did this and you know it.” He taunted, almost begging her to yell again because clearly she was the only one ashamed of it. He had never cared what she thought of him but it was amusing to see her so out of sorts.

Unfortunately she just closed her eyes briefly and seemed to summon some kind of strength to her aid just then.

“Is that all, Severus?” She did not take the bait, but her voice and posture were positively arctic. Oh she hated him, and she probably always had—she’d just stopped trying to hide it, which he found oddly funny. As if the pathetic attempts at pretending she didn’t always loathe him had ever been believable.

“This is it then?” He sneered, annoyed by her questioning look that she didn’t know what he was talking about. “The second Black is freed you’ve had it with me, is that it?”

She looked pissed a second before holding herself back once more. It took longer this time though, to find her composure before she spoke as stiffly as if she were made of wood.

“…fine then. Close your mind the way you always have, see whatever truth you need in order to live with yourself. If you think this conversation is about what Sirius Black didn’t do, then I have no hope for you.”

Severus rolled his eyes. “You’re only getting the nerve to say all of this because he’s in the conversation at all,”

“Perhaps I am.” She didn’t even deny it, and her eyes had hardened to stone so clearly she wasn’t ashamed by it either. “But it doesn’t make it untrue, Severus. Yes, you’re right… I am devastated that a student I once cared about has been in Azkaban for eleven years. My heart is broken. I am human and I cannot act like none of this doesn’t matter to me, no matter how much you’d like to pretend I’m just a teacher who failed you.”

He snarled but she cut him off before he could open is mouth. “You’re not a child anymore, I’m not going to hold your hand any longer in pretending like everything that happened between you and Sirius was my fault—I’m done acting in apology for your terrible time as a student when I did nothing but my best. You are the student who never tried in anything other than potions and then proceeded to betray any effort I gave to be a fair teacher. You were not worth it.”

She turned from him sharply, body facing away from him as if she couldn’t bear to even look at him now.

“If I got the chance to do it again I would let them get away with as much as you let your snakes get away with. Then… then maybe things would not be this way.”

Even though he’d always known she was full of shit, it still kind of stung to hear that. He couldn’t help the way his lips twisted.

“And this is hell for you then. This is all just so unbearable, to be near me?”

“That you are angry an innocent man is being let free? Yes, it is hell to see the man you’ve become. For ten years I’ve trusted you had the students’ best interests at heart but this is too far, even for you.”

“Even for me? So the truth is out then, finally admitting you never thought much of me,” He scoffed.

Her face twisted in something close to agony before she corrected it into a deep, oddly sad frown.

“That is not, and has never been true. You know how much I supported your new leaf, your efforts in your own way… at least I thought you did.” Minerva shook her head. “Now… you’re right. I did think highly of you in some ways but I cannot condone it any longer.”

“Is it me you trusted, or the headmaster?” Severus snipped, enjoying the way her shoulders tensed even if she wouldn’t look at him. “I’m not fooled Minerva, the anger isn’t just for me. Dumbledore didn’t involve you in any of this either, and he isn’t here to mediate between us anymore, is he? You’re just upset you’ve been left out despite sucking up to him your whole life, always heeling like the good little guard cat you are. Seems he doesn’t find you worth reciprocating.”

She’s said hurtful things, it was only fair he got a few licks in. Sucks for her he didn’t give a shit about the respect that she claimed to once have for him, so clearly it hurt her more than she could ever manage to get to him. It was funny she thought she had a chance.

It took a long time this go around for her to gain her mask once again, as the anger was bubbling beneath the lip line of her lips all over again. This time though she managed to keep a lid on it, though he knew it was close. He was kind of disappointed, though entertained by how well this new taunt worked. Maybe she did like him like that, and if so wasn’t that hilariously pathetic.

She didn’t give him another opening though.

“I am not a woman that needs anyone’s validation to know my own worth. The same cannot be said for you, given the headmaster’s petty whim seems to be the only reason you are not in Azkaban yourself. Let’s hope he never changes his mind, hm?” He couldn’t help but be shocked at the sudden threat, and knew it reflected in his face enough for her to pick up on going by the triumphant glint in her eye. “If that’ll be all, I’m going to ask you to leave, Severus. Do have a good night.” She spoke in cold politeness that very clearly implied how little she actually meant it.

“Minerva-”

“There are still aurors in the castle. Perhaps you’d like to show them your arm.” She deadpanned and he found his jaw clicking shut automatically. What the fuck was that!?

They had a brief stare off while he took a beat too long to think of some retort, but in that time she moved swiftly and sat down pointedly at her desk once more. “Goodnight, Mr. Snape.” She declared once again, this time a little louder.

She spoke while looking down at the papers before her once more, tone just as condescending and no-nonsense as it’d been when he was a child who’d once stood in this very spot and tried talking to her about the pranks Potter had been targeting him with. He’d come to her for help back when he’d still thought maybe she’d be more than just another Gryffindor, but maybe a teacher who could help him, and no amount of arguing had ever been enough. Eventually he’d been shut down the same way, with her attention turning to something she deemed more important that him and primly wishing him a good night as an annoyingly, falsely polite way of saying ‘get out’.

He wanted to get the last word in but as he opened his mouth he couldn’t help but feel as if he were thirteen all over again and couldn’t bring any words to his lips. It would feel far too humiliating and childish to need to beg for attention—he didn’t need or want it so why was he even here?

He turned on his heel and swept out of the office without another word, considering that a win on his part since she’d retreated from the argument first.

As he made his way back down to his chambers he glowered at every painting he crossed, knowing Dumbledore wasn’t here to get these paintings reports for once and being pissed off about the whole situation even more than he once was. Black was about to be out in the world again and god forbid he be forced to see his stupid face again, he might vomit. It just pissed him off even more that he knew it was practically an inevitability—Azkaban was the only place he knew for certain his old enemy would for sure never cross his path, but this era of peace was unfortunately over.

And if the Potter brat was going to be adopted finally then…

Well, he’d save breaking things for when he was back in his office, but the paintings thankfully reminded him of his promises to Dumbledore. He couldn’t act too rashly even though he’d like nothing more than to fail the boy right here and now and never have to see him in his classes again, but there was no way he’d be able to get away with that. He needed to keep an eye on him or whatever, but knowing he was about to move in with Black of all people… maybe the boy wasn’t an exact copy of James Potter given he has so much of Lily in him clearly, but he was close enough and now being exposed to Black… the boy was about to become insufferable.

And yeah, Severus was already suffering.

Still, that was for later, hopefully next school year at the earliest. Right now, Minerva’s outburst just now deserved some of it’s own attention for what it actually meant to his position here at Hogwarts. With or without Dumbledore, but without him and Minerva having gone insane by being so willing to hand him over to aurors the literal second the Headmaster wasn’t around to vouch for him, he was feeling his position here become pretty vulnerable all of a sudden. While incredibly insulting, Minerva wasn’t wrong exactly about him staying out of Azkaban pretty much entirely because Dumbledore had saved him in exchange for his loyalty as a spy. While he didn’t exactly like the old headmaster, Severus knew he had a good deal here and didn’t dare to mess it up, because without a dark lord around then Dumbledore was one of the strongest pieces on the chessboard that he wanted to be on good terms with, that he wanted to be useful to so that the protection continued.

But something had happened.

He wasn’t sure what, but the balance of power had shifted somewhere and Severus did not enjoy how little he understood about the situation. Dumbledore was a conniving old man who had plenty of cards up his sleeves but at the heart of things he was still a bloody Gryffindor, and his sentimentality was painfully real sometimes. Minerva was a force to be reckoned with so it was just good business to keep her by his side, but Severus also knew there was genuine affection there too—and a blind spot because of it. The headmaster kept the heads of both Slytherin and Gryffindor houses on tight leashes because of their usefulness, but that didn’t mean at the heart of things he didn’t have favorites. Severus knew he himself was a means to an end and always would be, but Minerva was different. The two old bats had always genuinely liked each other too.

There were plenty of things Albus did not tell his deputy headmistress, for one reason or another. Darker things he needed an ex-death eater’s opinion on, things Severus had demanded remain quiet and that the old man had honored. While he didn’t know everything Dumbledore was up to and figured he probably never would, he did know that the things he didn’t confide in Minerva about were few and far between. That never stopped him from giving half-truths or spinning things to cast himself in a positive light with other lions, all of which usually satisfied Minerva, but it was rare he didn’t lean on his right hand woman to back himself up.

But Severus had never seen Minerva break character as badly as she just had. She’d lost her temper plenty at a student a time or two, but that was far beyond a temper.

That was grief.

Which, you know, proved Severus right all along. She did favor Potter and his moronic band of loons and she always had, to the point the mere mention of Black’s name in the paper seems to have her coming apart at the seams. Had she been prepared for this at all she would be holding it together better, which meant she’d found out along with everyone else—with no Albus Dumbledore in the castle to run to and have the old man feed her some reassuring bullshit to placate her. No, she was without those pretty lies right now and dealing with several groundbreaking truths for her probably.

Black was innocent—no shit, Severus found it laughable anyone had tried to call him a death eater in the first place, but kept that humor to himself.

Pettigrew wasn’t innocent—much more of a shock but he knew a thing or two about what being bullied was like and there was no way a mouse that pathetic was ever treated too kindly by the high and mighty James Potter and company.

The most damning of all though: Dumbledore’s involvement in it all.

Because what Severus had said was true, there was no way the old man didn’t know about this before it was brought to the Wizengamont—Lucius said it’d been in the works for months but kept getting delayed since clearly Fudge’s career was basically over with this and everyone knew it. Which meant Dumbledore at least knew Sirius Black was about to get a trial—he at least knew that he’d never gotten a trial given the subject matter—but had not said anything to any of his teachers about it. Not telling Severus himself made a little sense—he probably didn’t want to deal with his reaction to it. Not telling Minerva though was highly questionable.

Severus knew that the headmaster wasn’t to be trusted, he knew that. It was still kind of hard to wrap his head around the only logical conclusion he could come up with though, in that the headmaster had always known Black was innocent too and hadn’t moved to do anything about it. For fuck’s sake, their entire relationship began when Severus begged for a second chance, renouncing his death eater ways and offering his service as a spy, yet Dumbledore had never asked him, the death eater, if he knew if Black was hanging out at any death eater meetings or not. Not that Severus would’ve had an answer since clearly he didn’t know the real ranks that well as Pettigrew had really thrown him for a loop, but still… Albus had never asked.

Severus actually stopped walking in the middle of the hall when the truth hit him, as if he’d walked into a brick wall.

If Dumbledore had told Minerva, she would absolutely be the spearhead in championing her favored student’s innocence. Even if she had doubts (placed there by the headmaster most likely) she would still be outraged at the realization Black never got a trial at all, and would at the very least seek to right that wrong. She was boneheaded in how black-and-white her sense of justice was, so even if she didn’t believe in his innocence she’d still be a loud proponent of at least following the due process.

But she hadn’t known, despite both Severus and Dumbledore very clearly knowing she would want to know the most out of anyone in the castle right now. Which meant the headmaster had, very much on purpose, hidden it from her.

Which would be stupid as hell, since obviously if the lunatic was truly innocent (which he clearly was) it would all undoubtedly come out in the trial and they’d be in this exact situation of Minerva losing her mind over the fact she’d failed her favorites so badly, but also most likely having a crisis of faith over Dumbledore not telling her about it. As a man who needed the heads of house on tight leashes, that was pretty damn stupid of the conniving coot. Even if he wasn’t planning on being ousted from Hogwarts during all this, the headmaster still would’ve had to explain himself and his silence to Minerva even if he were here. Severus knew the man had a silver tongue as sharp as the worst of the snakes out there, but even he sincerely doubted Albus would’ve been able to get away with this. Minerva was not that dumb, even if she was painfully loyal and dense to his machinations.

Which meant… for one reason or another, Dumbledore had been planning on this never coming to light. If he’d for a second thought he’d get caught on the end of Minerva’s ire, he’d have gotten ahead of it and brought her in some subtle way that would still make him seem like Black’s savior, even if he wasn’t actually contributing much to the situation. That he hadn’t said anything made it abundantly clear to Severus that the headmaster had planned on Black never setting foot outside of Azkaban to give his game away.

According to Lucius, the process of getting the trial had been a mess and a half, with a lot of bribery happening on Fudge’s part to do anything to prevent Black from getting his day in court. The Minister wasn’t actually that competent and the Malfoys had severed their ties with the man since Narcissa wanted her cousin back or something stupid like that, so he wasn’t getting much help to prevent the trial other than his own wits. Which, Severus took a moment to internally laugh at the idea that Fudge was clever enough to actually have held this up for what he was gathering was months of legal churn and whispers of corruption going around the ministry.

Which meant the oaf had help… and if it wasn’t Lucius’ pockets anymore, and Dumbledore had seemed oh-so confident that the trial wouldn’t happen…

But that was insane. Dumbledore actually helped Fudge try to keep Black in prison?

No, fuck that, Dumbledore actually failed to keep Black in prison!?

Whether the headmaster knew of Black’s innocence or not didn’t matter, and neither did whatever the hell he was planning that required Sirius Black to be permanently out of the picture. Severus had always known the bastard was up to something and if he didn’t need to be involved with either of them, the better.

No, what REALLY mattered a whole fucking lot, was that Dumbledore had failed.

It most certainly wasn’t Fudge’s brilliance that had gotten him so far but that… that meant someone else was playing this game and had been running in direct opposition to the headmaster— and won.

And that… was an omen if Severus had ever seen one.



Chapter End Notes

Ship in a Bottle-- by fin





Chapter 77: Book 2 : Envy : 44


Chapter Notes

For some reason I wrote this all in one sitting and no I did not re-read it for spelling or grammar but fuck it we ball





“Are you actually going to live with him?”

Seamus instantly had his hands in the air by the look Neville gave him over Harry’s shoulder, mouth shutting with an audible click.

Harry was thankful Neville and Draco were playing the roles of gatekeepers to him depending on the crowd he was with, but he also didn’t fault Seamus since this was the exact set-up he’d given Gryffindor when the news first dropped. He just gave a little bit of a half-shrug, as non-committal as possible.

“Probably? He was my parents’ friend, and living in the magical world full time would be easier. I missed not being able to contact people over the summer.” He was proud of himself for how casual and reasonable that sounded coming out of his mouth, despite the fact it felt anything but.

Dean, bless him, unwittingly played right into the performance without realizing it. “I get it, it does kind of get boring after being at Hogwarts all year. I try not to bring it up too much since my sisters are all muggles and won’t get to come to Hogwarts but I do miss it.” He confided, and Harry offered him a sympathetic smile for the show of vulnerability there.

“That does suck. My aunt was the sister that didn’t get to go to Hogwarts and going off her attitude I think my mother failed to be that considerate of her.” He offered and Dean fidgeted a bit with his hands.

“Man, I hope they don’t take it to heart that badly, I’m really trying to make sure it isn’t a big deal for them…” But he was clearly super worried about it.

And Harry was super thrilled to be focusing on someone else’s problems other than his own.

“I feel like we’re in the same kind of situation, though your sisters are so young it’s so much harder. Like, do you shower them with magical gifts or just withdraw a bit so they don’t feel left out of things?” He pondered rhetorically, giving another half-hearted shrug. Dean was gone most of the year and since his oldest sister was only eight and the others were even younger there was a chance they’d grow up mostly not really knowing him outside of summers. If he kept those summers mostly muggle without mentioning the magic much, maybe they just wouldn’t realize what they were missing…

But Dean loved his little sisters and going off his expression, while he was tempted to spare them the jealousy, he also didn’t really want to do that to them either. He wanted to be their big brother and bring them into the magical world as much as possible.

“I guess I have been kind of doing that… but if pressed on it I think I want to bring them in as much as I can. Squibs can live just fine in the magical world so if I can make it so they’re as close to it all as they can be without being able to do it themselves maybe it won’t be so bad,” He talked himself into it, mind apparently setting itself.

“Which I’d like to do for my aunt and things but I think that ship has sailed. She might be happier not hearing about magic anymore since it’s been most of her life and the grievances she has are a bit too deep.” Harry only half lied. Going by Dean’s solemn nodding along to the thought process, everyone witnessing it knew this was a kind of discussion only muggle-raised witches and wizards could really relate to. How did one balance a new life of magic with the muggle family you left behind? The half-bloods and purebloods around them seemed to realize this was out of their depth and didn’t chime in.

But still, Dean actually leading this conversation meant he still looked like the decent Gryffindor golden-boy Dumbledore had convinced everyone he was, phrasing it like he wasn’t fleeing his muggle relatives but instead giving them space. You know, to be considerate of their feelings.

It was all bullshit (he was pretty sure literally only Neville knew he even had a cousin along with this nameless aunt) but his friends bought it easily. And the fact he was now certain he’d never need to see the Dursleys again suddenly made it a bit easier to talk (lie) about them as if he’d been in contact with them this entire time and had already talked it over so everyone was on the same page and no need to question anything please.

Harry knew he was getting away with it too, since the football club gathering they were having in an empty classroom had quieted enough for people to not-so-subtly eavesdrop on that conversation, before quickly pretending to mind their own business as it got to the point of Dean soliciting their help in brainstorming ways he could spoil his sisters with magical things.

Everyone bought it that is, except the twin pairs of eyes from across the room who glanced at him where they were talking with their own friends, and small smiles shot his way showed they knew what he was doing.

Right… he needed to talk to the twins.

Draco had helped him calm down but… in many ways Fred and George were just as involved as Harry himself was. Maybe Harry for certain cared about Sirus’ freedom the most, but the twins probably cared about Sirius even more than Harry did, since at least they knew a portion of the guy that had been sealed into the map. Now that the decision had been made and he was just waiting to hear that Sirius was going to be let out from St. Mungo’s hopefully in only a couple weeks, he was only just now starting to wonder what it’d be like to actually live with this stranger.

Except he wasn’t a stranger, maybe.

The twins eyes’ shined when they talked of him, and Remus—even when he was filled with pain to even breath his name— clearly thought the world of his old friend and been utterly heartbroken at his imprisonment. At this point he could count on one hand the people he trusted implicitly, with more than just his life but also with his secrets and his less than pretty sides, and three of those five people all seemed to think very highly of Mr. Padfoot.

So Harry had faith things would work out. Which was more blind belief than he normally displayed, so he was proud of himself for not getting worked about such an unknown that lay ahead of him in the encroaching summer months. It wasn’t the Dursleys so it didn’t actually matter how good or bad or awkward the situation would be, it would still be a great improvement.

Spending the summer with Sirius was not what he was worried about right now though. That was all still months away, but there was something much more imminent that he was waiting for, with anxiously baited breath.

000

Friday morning dawned to an annoyingly crisp and sunny sky. With the snow on the ground and the temperatures still bone-chilling in the most literal sense of the term, the bright, cloudless sky a color of blue so perfect it seemed fake felt like it was mocking you. Taunting you, that this perfect looking day that made you want to bask in the sunlight was actually so fucking cold you could barely crack a window without regretting it.

Harry was not paying attention to his classes.

He walked down the halls and sat in his seat next to his friends, he held his quill over his journals as if he were a model student but he wasn’t hearing a single thing anyone had said since the morning mail had come in.

Because he hadn’t gotten a letter yet.

Any letter, he really did not care from who, but he had hoped beyond hope that it would be from Moony at the very least. That Remus would’ve gotten out of Azkaban and found some way to get him a letter to at least ask if he was alright after what had happened that night they were forcibly parted. He knew that would be the very first thing the werewolf would do, the moment he could get access to a piece of parchment and an owl.

But there was no letter. Not from Moony, not from Mr. Greengrass or anyone—Harry didn’t even know who would care or know to inform him but he did not care that he couldn’t think up a name of someone but he was getting a bit desperate in his hope that please, just someone tell him.

From where he sat in Charms, he had a perfect view of the large glass windows over Professor Flitwick’s small head, where that unbelievably blue sky was mocking them all. The almost full moon was just about set now and disappearing more every second.

It’d be full tonight, at just about three in the morning. He knew because he’d triple checked and had really fucking hoped he was wrong. But he wasn’t, because every source he checked said the same thing.

So why wasn’t there a letter?

He was so not interested in his surroundings that he only broke out of it when Neville elbowed him gently in the side and he snapped back down to earth, blinking a bit and realizing half the class was looking at him.

“What?” He blurted out, confused—and then realized Percy was at the front of the classroom and was beckoning him.

“Professor McGonagall asked me to fetch you, bring your things,” he relayed, clearly repeating it and some people snickering when they realized he’d been caught daydreaming. While being pulled out of class was not that unusual, how confused he was clearly caused a stir and the rest of the class started whispering along with their giggles at his expense.

“Everyone settle down, there’s not much of class left! Let’s focus so we can get the practical work done and you can be off to lunch,” Flitwick attempted to regain control of the class as Harry just shot Neville smile and slipped out after Percy quickly. At least now he had an excuse for why he wouldn’t know this class material, not just that fact he’d made no attempt to listen in the first place.

“Do you know what this is about?” He chirped up to Percy who shook his head.

“I know she’s extremely busy with the aurors in the castle right now, but she asked me to bring you to her office. I figure its time sensitive if she pulled you from class,” He offered and Harry hummed, mulling that over.

“Probably, but I wonder what it is,” He agreed.

It probably wouldn’t be that nebulous talk she’d threatened earlier as Percy was right, she wouldn’t pull him from class just for that. That didn’t leave a lot of options but he did assume it was most likely something to do with Sirius again—as everything this week seemed to be. Harry had been thinking about the trial and the aftermath for months now, but to everyone else it was the hottest news since Voldemort fell apparently so there’d been a lot of gossiping / arguing about it and teachers asking if he was okay, amongst other nonsense noise.

Maybe it was about Remus though! He knew it was a bad idea but couldn’t help but feel his heart lift as his hopes rose and he walked a bit faster, keeping pace with Percy’s long strides to nearly lead the way as he recognized their target was McGonagall’s office. Seeing he seemed to have a handle on it, the prefect let him go the last stretch alone and wished him well, Harry not hesitating to just barge in as he normally did now.

Mouth open to greet McGonagall and get to the bottom of it, he froze solid with no words finding their way out of his throat to realize his favorite professor was nowhere in sight, and a stranger was standing waiting for him— leaning on the Transfiguration professor’s desk with arms crossed in an extraordinarily intimidating manner.

He had a mild heart attack for a second before realizing he did in fact know this stranger.

“Mr. Potter!” Amelia Bones stood up from her lean, dropping her crossed arms and putting a hand up politely. “Sorry if I scared you, it seems you were expecting someone else. I didn’t hear a knock,” She apologized and Harry was going to pretend like he hadn’t just entered a teacher’s office without, in fact, knocking at all. He’d do it to McGonagall’s face but behind her back seemed a bit disrespectful, particularly to the head of the DMLE who somehow did not look like she fit into a school setting at all.

“Ah, it’s alright, I just wasn’t expecting…” He trailed off, glancing around but nope, no teacher in sight. That seemed… suspicious.

Madam Bones gave him a wry smile, inclining her head as if to confirm the thoughts Harry was keeping in his head.

“You have good instincts, but I actually did this on purpose as I wanted to speak with you privately. There’s been a lot going on and I wanted to hear from you directly without your teachers hovering over your answers.” She confessed, and Harry realized that… kind of made sense.

It took a moment for him to weigh his options, but then it clicked.

He stepped into the office to shut the door behind him properly.

That’s right, she doesn’t trust Dumbledore either… which means she probably doesn’t trust McGonagall. Talking without either of them around is her saying she doesn’t want them knowing whatever this is about.

Which was honestly fair, and Harry would be in the same boat if he didn’t already claim McGonagall as his favorite teacher too, so it was kind of a conflict of interest if that was the right term. But the sly reference to their shared foe had him disregarding the surface level suspicions, because he really wanted to know what she was about to say right now.

Besides… as much has he did not like aurors, this was also Susan’s aunt. She’d proven nothing but strict and fair during the trial and in their letters and… well, if anyone was going to know about Remus, it’d be her, and he was absolutely going to take the chance to try and bring it up. Anyone else and he was closing the door in their face and running because the situation set off all sorts of red flags for him but…

He needed to take the chance.

He was on edge though, even as he offered her a polite smile—the same one he gave McGonagall at first when he wanted her to like him and not be too suspicious of his ulterior motives.

“That makes sense. Hello then,” he greeted and she smiled back in much the same way.

“Hello there, Mr. Potter. It’s nice to be able to speak to you properly in person—I thank you again for the chocolates .”

“Nice to meet you too, Madam Bones. You can call me Harry though,” He offered and she gave a smile that crinkled her eyes.

Up close she looked very nice, to the point Harry would’ve been fully fooled if he hadn’t seen her kick-ass mode during the trial. When she smiled she looked insanely young with a round face and French braid over her shoulder, not even a laugh line or distinct wrinkle in sight, though that might be because Harry didn’t think she smiled or frowned much at all. Which was crazy since she seemed very believable when she smiled.

“Susan told me about your Slytherin habits, I know they like last names to be polite.” She admitted and Harry perked up. He knew Susan told her aunt everything!

“I’m not that much of a Slytherin! The sorting hat gave me a choice but I never regretted choosing Gryffindor,” He flashed her a grin that had her chuckling.

“I’m glad. Not many get that choice, much less one like that.” To be a mix between the snake and lion house had to be rare—nearly everyone he met mentioned it after all, to the point it was getting old. “I won’t waste too much of your time, but before we speak you should know I’ve warded this place from any curious ears. Hogwarts has plenty of them to look out for.”

“It’s the paintings, right?” He cut right to the chase. “They can all talk and move and they report things back to the Headmaster.”

Which is why they were here. To talk about things Dumbledore, and all his supports, might not want to hear.

She pressed her lips into a thin line, giving a tired sigh as she gestured to the chairs in front of McGonagall’s desk. She took one and he took the cue to take the other, both aware that he liked she wasn’t speaking from behind the desk but also that it could very well be a manipulation tactic too.

“Probably.” She allowed, the niceties dropping as they got down to business. “Dumbledore has never confessed or admitted to this fact, but I can only assume.”

Harry made a face.

“If he did admit to it, he’d also have to admit he always knew my dad and his friends were animagus then, right?”

Madam Bones paused, her blue eyes flickering over his face in an entirely unreadable way. The hesitation itself though told Harry everything he needed to know, that while she did suspect, given their letters, seeing it in person was... well, he knew what was coming.

“You’re an exceptionally quick child, you know that?”

“So I’ve been told,” He couldn’t help but be snarky since comments like that were seriously getting old at this point.

She just snorted a small laugh. “Susan told me to watch out for that tongue of yours, but I think it’s more because she hasn’t had a lot of time around other houses much yet. Once you’re free of the restrictions Hogwarts puts on you, you realize how diverse the world really is.” She eyed him again, “I think you’re probably far ahead of the curve on that.”

“Well my best friend is a Slytherin. House lines were never going to stop me,” He couldn’t help but be a little cheeky, and she offered a small smile of truce.

“Keep that attitude, it’ll do you good.” With that she leaned forward in her chair some, face still youthful as if he were talking to a seventh year, but her posture suddenly belying the fact she was way, way older than that. “I won’t keep you from your classes long, but I wanted to speak with you plainly, since you seem to have a good head on your shoulders for what you want. Susan says you’re extremely self-assured and with how many people have been involved in this nightmare of a trial, I wanted to hear your take. I apologize it’s taken me this long to come speak with you, as I’d hoped to catch up with you earlier, this week has just been too hectic.”

“My ‘take’?” Harry blinked. He’d pretty accurately guessed this was about the trial but this was… new.

Madam Bones rested her palms on her knees flatly, being plain with her words.

“I’m not sure if you realize how convoluted this whole trial process was. Some parties made it happen, others vehemently opposed it… there was a lot of messy politics happening and unfortunately Sirius Black was like a chew toy a lot of dogs were fighting over. No one seemed to truly care about his innocence, just what his freedom or imprisonment could do for them politically. As you’re probably already aware, Albus Dumbledore was one of them. So was Minister Fudge. Most Gryffindors might take alarm to this, but given what Susan tells me of your opinion the house rivalries, I’m sure you won’t be shocked to hear a lot of various Slytherin names were also involved.”

He had no intention of revealing just how involved he was with some of those Slytherin names to make this happen, so he just nodded.

“I don’t know everything but… my Slytherin friends mentioned their parents were involved too.” Greengrass and Malfoy specifically, he knew, but he did wonder what others she was referencing right now. He had no doubt he’d come to learn eventually though, since there was no way they’d stay silent long. “I know my housemates might think there was something evil going on in that they wanted Sirius out, right? I know it was all just for politics to them though.”

She looked him over a beat too long once again, but nodded back.

“So you knew the Slytherins were on the side of his freedom. And that the headmaster and minister… were not.”

“Yes.” He confirmed for her, and knew his expression probably matched how her face darkened with the shadow of what all that implied.

“Did you know he was innocent?”

“No,” He lied, but looked down a little guilty since she was an ally. “But I know Slytherins… if he really were guilty then it wouldn’t benefit them to get him a trial. They must’ve known he wasn’t, which is why they tried so hard, probably to pull one over on the headmaster or Fudge.”

“You know more about the situation than I did then, until just recently at least.” She admitted, moving to press her fingertips together in tension.

He couldn’t really respond to that as he had no idea how true it was or not, so he just shrugged.

Her blue eyes fixed on him in that unreadable way again, but this time she didn’t hesitate.

“Harry… what do you want out of this?”

“What?” He blinked, not understanding.

Amelia clicked her tongue in mild annoyance—not at him but seemingly at the world in general as she glanced at the door behind them. “A lot of people were playing with Black’s freedom for their own means, but in the end that makes him your godfather. He has a legal right to claim guardianship of you, and the papers are certainly ready to frame it like you will be going with him, but is that really what you want? You are welcome to stay in your current situation if you’d like. I could talk to Sirius to have him give up his claim, or we could work something of a shared custody out if you want the option. I figure he’s a stranger to you at this point, so don’t feel the need to automatically agree to live with him if you aren’t comfortable with it.”

I… what?

Harry couldn’t move, just… stunned to his core.

“You’re… asking me?”

“Of course. Not many people do these days, do they?” She shook her head wearily. “Black’s freedom was clearly something people were using for their own political gain, but he is your godfather so the two of you will end up being the most impacted by their actions. I just wanted to be sure you were okay with it before you get shoved in a room with someone you don’t know and he offers to adopt you, since I know that’s exactly what he’ll do. He’s impulsive but well meaning like that,” She explained in genuine sympathy, a slight tone of apology for the situation they were in… although it was in no way her fault.

Harry…

Well, he burst out crying.

“Harry!?” Amelia panicked for all of one second at the sudden outburst before it seemed to click that despite the very mature tone the conversation had taken thus far, this was just a child who’d been put through quite a lot this past week. Longer even, though she didn’t know it. Harry almost jumped when arms were suddenly around him, and she was much softer than the scary auror persona would have you believe.

He sunk down and couldn’t help but lean back into her, though he was really just trying to hide his face in his knees as he sobbed, not really sure where all of this had come from.

Except he did know.

He’d found solace in the fact that nothing would stop Sirius from saving him from his relatives, and the sheer idea that someone—even a well-meaning someone—had the power to stop that single handedly made him feel like he was free falling. Countering that unholy terror was this odd sense of shakiness, like he wasn’t sure what to do with himself now that someone was just… what, asking him what he wanted? That they’d just… do it? If he asked?

And for some reason he really did believe Madam Bones would. She spoke to him at the same exact level he pretended to be, but she was also more than reasonable and understanding if he had childish thoughts and desires too. Like not wanting to leave the people he’d grown up with just to be whisked off by some strange wizard he’d never met and who, until four days ago, everyone thought was a mass murderer and a traitor. If he were a normal kid who’d gotten a normal life then obviously she would be concerned that the papers were setting up a situation that would pressure a twelve-year-old to change his living arrangements just to appease the gossip articles. She didn’t see Harry Potter the celebrity or some prodigy or even some property that needed to be moved from one house to another for reasons adults claimed only they could understand.

In this moment Harry was very sure this woman just saw him as one of Susan’s friends. A kid who needed to be protected just like she’d protect her niece, because that’s what reasonable adults with guardian-less children did.

Remus was one thing. Moony was amazing and talked to him like they were intellectually equals but still was soft around the edges and playful in every way Harry had never been. Madam Bones was exactly the same except she could do something about it.

Remus couldn’t even save himself, as much as that burned in his heart and as much as he loved him as his godfather in the eyes of magic only, Harry worried about the werewolf even more (way more) than he worried about his own future. This woman had her own life, her own family and power to protect it all separate from anything Harry did or didn’t do… but she was kind enough to offer a hand and just be a fucking sane adult for once. Her offer was absolutely groundbreaking for him and yet she’d said it like it was just so normal—like she’d be checking in with the same questions no matter if he were Harry Potter or some other orphan the papers had never written a single article about.

And that’s because she probably would be doing exactly that.

“I’m sure this is all very sudden and overwhelming. You don’t have to say anything right now if you don’t-”

“I want to go with Sirius,” He cut her off, unable to bear her finishing that sentence and thinking for even a second that these tears meant he was hesitating about his decision. His bluntness caused her to blink, but she didn’t stumble.

“If that’s what you want, I just wanted to be sure you were comfortable. This happened all so suddenly your muggle relatives might not even know yet-”

“Don’t tell them!” He yelped, head whipping up and seeing her startled expression knew that being a reasonable adult might actually backfire here since yeah, a normal teacher or government official dealing with an orphan might, you know, contact their legal guardians at some point during this process. He’d been coasting on the fact no one in the wizarding world was reasonable at all and wouldn’t care to talk to a bunch of muggles—and so far he’d been right.

Seeing her shock melt into a flicker of suspicion he knew his hastiness had betrayed him, but he was so overwhelmed he forgot what his lie was supposed to be here.

“I—I mean they--th-they aren’t—!?”

“Harry,” She cut him off with a gentle hand on the top of his head and he snapped his mouth shut. “Deep breathe.” She commanded him sternly and he found himself obeying that tone even if being bossed so directly like that usually had his defiance flaring. She really did not seem like the person to cross, and even his temper seemed to know that.

Besides it did work in that he caught his breath—and his thoughts.

And it didn’t take long to realize he wasn’t going to get a chance like this again, with someone who actually had the power to change things and… and, you know, might actually care too.

“I ran away from them, last summer.” He blurted out, “Th-they… they did horrible things and I ran away. I was the one who begged my Slytherin friends to let me stay with them instead of ever going back there and their parents probably already knew Sirius was innocent and could get me away from them so they helped. I would go with anyone so long as it’s never my relatives ever again, and—and Sirius was my parents’ friend, so they said,” It all came out in a rush, and Amelia had come to kneel by his chair to help sooth his tears, but now leaned back and stood, face shutting down.

“What?” There was anger in her voice and iron in her eyes, the softness disappearing and the head of the DMLE seeming to resurface in an instant. “What did they do?”

She was looking down at him now and… he quailed. He did open his mouth to try and nothing came out.

“… just please don’t make me go back there.” He pleaded quietly.

“Of course not—absolutely not,” She corrected herself, eyes ablaze. “I know you could have come to me, or many others who care for you… you went to the Slytherins though at least which was good,” As she voiced her thoughts she seemed to be talking to herself through what had happened, and came to the conclusion of what he’d done. With Dumbledore in the picture just reaching out to any old adult was probably too dangerous since…

“You know why,” He sniffed back his breakdown, angrily wiping tears away with the back of his sleeve. His voice still wavered from the cooling tears but it was all being replaced by that righteous anger at all that had been taken from him. “I read my parents will—I was never supposed to go to my relatives in the first place. You know exactly who put me with them without ever double checking that they weren’t—that they even wanted me ever. You know exactly who wanted to keep me oblivious and keep everyone who should’ve been my actual guardians away from me even if it meant putting an innocent man in jail,” He accused.

Despite claiming to not be a Dumbledore face, even Madam Bones looked outright… shocked at the accusation.

“…that’s a serious claim.”

“But you know who did it.” Harry insisted, burning his eyes into her to beg her not to be as stupid as everyone else. She already didn’t trust the headmaster, and she knew the law and how it worked better than anyone… she had to make the connection to how Dumbledore had abused it to create this situation.

He didn’t know blue eyes could turn so dark, but he did now. Going off her expression, she thankfully did seem to reach the same conclusions he had, though it looked like it rattled her some to get there.

“I suppose I do.” She finally relented, her face flickering only a moment from her stern anger. “I’m sorry, Harry.”

An apology was… well, he wasn’t sure what it was.

“I want to go with Sirius, no matter what.” He repeated, and she was already nodding, putting a hand on his shoulder tightly.

“I’ll do everything in my power to ensure it happens then. Not that it will take much, it seems everyone is expecting that to be the result anyway, I just wanted to check you were okay with it,” She agreed immediately. Harry was only half relieved, the other half of his concern still burning as bright as ever to the point he couldn’t help but seek her help childishly once more.

“What about Remus?”

“Re—ah, Mr. Lupin.” She realized, and her eyes glanced at the door again for some reason.

“He didn’t do anything other than be friends with Sirius years ago: is he still in Azkaban?”

“I signed his release papers yesterday when Sirius’ sentence was officially closed. You are right he had nothing to do with it and should not have been arrested in the first place,” She agreed, audibly annoyed. The fact her gaze kept glancing away told him that she knew exactly who’d done it and was pissed at them. But… it was also a huge systemic issue and couldn’t fire all her aurors for being against werewolves or she’d be out of aurors.

Harry had already given the shitty situation of werewolves a lot of thought, and just the fact she was openly admitting it was wrong meant she really could be trusted. There was always more to do about it but… that was why he was going to be Minister someday.

“But is he out yet?” He needed to know.

“I’m not sure, but I’ll put my most trusted man on the case.” She promised him, squeezing his shoulder tightly, but he just bit his lip harshly.

“The full moon is tonight though… will he be okay?”

Madam Bones frowned, then sat back in her seat tiredly. “I’ll be straight with you, it is unlikely we’ll be able to get him out before tonight. I know it shouldn’t be that way but… unfortunately the entire process is unkind, no matter how I’ve tried to improve it. I also can’t just walk in there and unlock his cell—even I need the minster’s permission to even enter the island and if I started letting people out without approval I’d be in a cell myself within the hour.”

Harry’s heart dropped. You needed the minster’s permission to even enter? Azkaban was on an island?

Fudge was probably super distracted trying to save his career in vain right now, but he was 100% sure the man was corrupt and petty enough to ensure no one got permission to even visit the werewolf that had been the red herring that destroyed his reputation until it was too late.

Seeing his expression she gave a defeated bow of her head.

“I know. It will not be easy but the hope is that Fudge will be out of office within a couple weeks, and in the interim before a new Minister is elected then control of Azkaban will come to me. I promise you Harry, the second I get it then Mr. Lupin will be out of there. In the meantime I’ll have one of my best aurors try and force the release paperwork through anyway—he’d an oldie whose trained half the current force, including the guards at Azkaban so maybe they’ll let him get away with an early release with or without the minster’s cooperation.”

Harry knew she was only working with the tools she had, within the law as was her duty. It was all she could do and it was still a lot more than anyone else for sure. That, combined with Mr. Greengrass also working on it behind the scenes, maybe… maybe if Remus could be okay for just this one night then by next full moon maybe…

He nodded silently, unable to trust his voice but very purposefully, very painfully choosing to believe her. With what she had, though it was limited, he did believe she’d do her best.

Whether it’d be enough was to be seen but… maybe asking and believing her was all he could do.

“Harry…?” She brought him out of his foggy worries, and looking up at her again she seemed to hesitate—the longest yet so far before making her decision on what she wanted to say. “With this new perspective I guess you wouldn’t… really care who it is, just so long as it’s not your relatives, but you should know… Sirius is a good man.”

Harry felt his mouth open slightly in surprise, not having seen that coming.

“You know him?”

“I do.” She gave a hesitant smile, eyes warmer than they’d been thus far as they scanned over his face carefully. “I’d already been an auror ten years when he graduated Hogwarts. Your father and he joined the corps together, I happened to be one of their supervisors. Let’s just say you come by it honestly with that sass of yours.”

The tears still kind of on his cheeks had gone cold; he couldn’t help but straighten up.

“You’re friends with Sirius?”

“Well,” She instantly backpedaled, wincing a bit. “At this point, I’m not sure. I’m… I’m sure he’s furious with me, and he has every right to feel that way. While I may not have been in charge of the DMLE at the time, it’s still my people who were ultimately responsible for arresting him in the first place.” She grimaced. “When he’s recovered I would like the chance to catch up with him, though I suspect it will mostly be just us airing our grievances. I can’t say we were friends exactly eleven years ago, as he was just this cocky brat that reported to me and gave me gray hairs by running off headfirst into fights without backup… but I do respect him greatly.”

Her expression softened again, soothing out her own fears as she reassured the wide green eyes looking at her for answers.

“When he’s out of the hospital I’ll take the chance to apologize, and we’ll see where it goes from there. Even if he never forgives me though, he’s a good man. I remember when you were born, the utter mess he and James were… he’s a stranger to you now but since you’re intent on going with him anyway, just know he’ll do his best to do right by you. He’s scatterbrained as hell but he’ll do his damn best, he always does.”

For a moment, Harry was just speechless. She was right that he really hadn’t given living with Sirius that much thought as anything was better than Privet Drive, and he’d already chosen to trust the guy based off Moony and the twins’ opinions but… hearing it from a third party yet again felt different.

For the first time he actually imagined it. In his head he had both Sirius and Remus back, no matter the form… he imagined them somewhere a lot like the small cottage where he and Moony had enjoyed their Christmas. Madam Bones was recounting that he was scatterbrained, so he probably wouldn’t be able to cook and that would still be something he and Remus did… but he was reckless, and childish according to the twins, so maybe he’d be the one running out into a snowy forest at night. They’d both been marauders, but Remus had withdrawn so much from the sassy Mr. Moony he sometimes saw when he borrowed the map. Sirius would most likely also be a bit more shaken and unsteady than the overly confident Mr. Padfoot but even if he were half as flippant he’d still be pretty damn wild: defiant of rules and more interested in the laughs than the seriousness of it all (ironically).

Harry could relate.

Or… the him from a year ago when he was first charging into Hogwarts in search of magic and friends without a care in the world for anyone who was about to tell him something stupid like ‘no’ could relate. Now he was just empathizing with someone he used to be, and thinking maybe he’d have been peas in a pod with whoever Sirius Black used to be. He had no idea where that left the two of them though, now that neither of them were those people anymore but… maybe they’d still be able to relate in some ways.

Maybe it wasn’t just some guardian, any guardian he’d gotten, maybe it would be better than that. Like how nervous he’d been to reach out to Remus and how fast he’d been unable to live through losing him…

He shook those thoughts off, knowing he’d spiral if he spent too long there.

What he did know about this unknown future of his, was what he wanted out of it—even if he’d only ever get pieces.

“I don’t know where we’ll go but if we have someplace… like a house or something, and we can have visitors, then you and Susan should visit.” He decided, and Amelia didn’t seem overly shocked though her smile was tinted with sadness.

He did have an ulterior motive: Sirius needed allies, not just him. He was a child, what would he do.. but Amelia Bones was a fantastic ally in many ways. And if they were already kind-of on good terms and it was awkwardness that was preventing them being genuine friends, well… he’d never let something stupid like fear or rules prevent him for making a friend and he hated to see it stop others too.

Madam Bones was not stupid and seemed to understand that mostly. Thankfully… she didn’t seem to disagree.

“We’ll see.” Her lips pressed into thin smile. “I would like that, if I’m welcome.”

The unspoken elephant being it really would depend on Sirius. He had every right to be angry and Harry knew sometimes the heart was irrational so… it really would just depend on if he was even open to being friends again with people he’d already lost once. People that, from his perspective, had absolutely abandoned him.

There was a chance he wouldn’t be okay with it and… Harry knew he wouldn’t be able to force the issue either. Still, a part of him wanted to be able to invite friends to his own place without fear or needing to hide everything about his home life, and honestly Susan seemed the most safe out of everyone. Draco and the Malfoy family as a whole was no doubt going to be super complicated as Mrs. Malfoy was literally a blood relative to Sirius, and Neville would be too terrified to really be that comfortable… both wouldn’t leave his side if he asked them not to but it wasn’t the same as it being as easy of having a friend over like it was something normal kids did. Susan coming over with her aunt and her breaking his shins while playing some football in the garden and their guardians talked over some drinks seemed like exactly the sort of normal Harry really, really wanted.

The kind of normal he didn’t think possible until this mental image appeared before him, and he was honestly really hoping that maybe things would work out that way for once.

“Okay.” He agreed, not pushing further. He bit is lip some, the concept of gratitude still weighing like an ugly anchor in his mind, but he ignored it. “Thank you… for asking.”

“I’m sorry more people don’t.” She gave him a firm nod, as if it were business as usual, before hastily looking at the door, apparently sensing something he didn’t by the flicker of annoyance across her expression. “I have to leave shortly, but before I go there isn’t anything else you want to share? Any concerns about this arrangement? I’ll keep you informed as I hear updated from St. Mungo’s on Sirius’ progress.” She assured him and going by the very pointed, but calm look she gave him, he knew the offer was for more than just his summer plans.

If there was anything specific he wanted to share about the Dursleys.

Which he did not. He knew he should but… her believing that he didn’t want to go back without question was enough for now. He suspected her being an actually responsible adult for once was intending to do something if he gave away any more information about his treatment and… well, he’d learned his lesson with Moony. She might have had power but Harry did not believe for a second Dumbledore was going to stay gone as he was, and then she’d be his next target if this somehow pushed her to interfere more than she already was. She’d go from an obstacle he could go around to something he needed to remove to continue with his plans and Harry was not about to put anyone else in that sort of situation.

“I just… I want to go with Sirius. I know Dumbledore is going to try and stop it though.” He hedged, and she let it go but clearly knew he was holding back. As he suspected she didn’t push or demand more information, but his response was definitely noted and she was not about to let it drop entirely… but he’d deal with it later when the issue came round again.

“If anything happens, contact me.” She ordered him point-blank, face shutting down into auror mode once more. “Sirius Black is your official godfather and he’s already put in the request to have that recognized by the ministry. He needs to be cleared by St. Mungo’s before it’s approved but there should be nothing stopping it now that the courts have declared him sane. Dumbledore is not in a position to interfere with that.”

“But you were going to offer to stop it if I didn’t want to go with him,” He challenged and she smirked once.

“I’m one of the people who approves the paperwork, kid. I could’ve refused to sign, but now I’ll be sure to make my signature extra big so no one misses it.” She gave him a wink and he couldn’t help but actually smile in return at the show of playfulness.

“No one else can do that?”

“Nope. Technically it’s just Sirius and me who need to sign it, everyone else is replaceable.”

“Is that Valencia lady still representing him?”

“That she is,” Harry breathed out, because that was certainly a relief. “I see you read the transcript already.” She commented and he froze.

Oops… well, she’s an ally so…

“Er… Mr. Malfoy actually took me to attend the trial in person.” He admitted and she did a full double-take, the horror in her expression betraying how very much she disapproved of that. He could only give her his most innocent smile, though willing to be sheepish about it. “I had a seat on the Wizengamont and I wanted to vote!”

“…” She glanced at door once more time and sighed, standing. “I really have to go, so I’ll let that slide for now.”

“Thank you, Ms. Amelia. Really.” He hopped to his feet as well as he could sense the conversation was about to end by whatever had her attention, and he wanted to be genuine for a second. As genuine as he could be as he could be to thank her for… whatever this was.

She let her attention come back fully to him one last time with a genuine smile of her own, this one actually managing to crinkle her eyes as she ruffled his hair—much to his grumbled complaints.

“No problem kid. Just hang in there, we’re doing the best we can.”

000

Remus woke, knowing that he’d regret not just staying asleep.

There was nothing to be done though. Nearly his entire life he’d tried to block out the transformation, to sleep through it or find some kind of alcohol or potion to get his mind as far away as possible from what was happening to his body, but it never worked. Werewolves in human form were mildly resistant to magic, but in wolf form were almost entirely immune—no potion or spell ever stuck and he was forced to live it as clearly as if he’d done nothing.

He pushed himself up and winced, but refused to lift his head much farther from the stone floor between his two human hands. He knew what he’d see, so there wasn’t any point in distressing himself further.

The moon was getting close.

Maybe it was the completely lack of warmth, or the harsh wind and damp air that raced through the cell, the sickly sweet scent of despair in the air… somehow his senses were on edge, clearer than they ever were.

Or maybe it was because he was closer to fresh air during the edge of a transformation than he’d ever been. It was always the shrieking shack, his parents’ basement, the underground cage he’d found himself in for the most recent years… now there was bitterly cold sea air coming in through the single window on the door and if felt like he could smell the ocean so clearly he could see the curve of the waves themselves. His hearing was probably the best it had ever been, the stone that Azkaban was made of making even small sounds echo loudly so he already knew what was happening around him before he even opened his eyes. The weather was calm and still despite how ungodly cold it was, the waves outside small and gentle against the rocky shore.

The room had been shadowed even in full daylight, but now as the night grew thicker and even the screams of Azkaban drifted off as most people found some semblance of sleep, he saw the stone in front of him oddly encapsulated in a silvery light.

It made him want to throw up.

He’d always had a visceral reaction to fear, but overcame it just as physically as it appeared: by swallowing it down and inhaling as much air as he could. He knew logically that he actually really loved the smell of the sea that came with the breath, but at this moment he hated it.

That was just the dementors though, thankfully far from his cell right now as they drifted here and there. It was only occasionally they’d drift by, and thankfully only for the time it took them to glide down the hall or outside the window. They’d only stood by his cell for the day after he’d first been tossed in here, maybe as an intimidation tactic… or probably just a tactic to subdue anyone who had too much fire, because he certainly felt like he had nothing warm inside of him anymore.

This was… not good.

He’d been trying not to think of things and make this entire experience worse, but he knew the second the pain started his mind was going to get ripped down into a spiral of dark thoughts he wouldn’t be able to claw his way from any better than he could avoid the wolf itself. He’d been trying hard to pretend for his own sake that things were okay, but deep down he knew they were not and as soon as his body started slipping from his control he knew those thoughts would bubble up from the depths he’d tried to bury them and there’d be nothing he could do but drown in them.

Worrying that Harry was safe.

Wondering what had happened to Sirius, if all of this was for nothing.

Knowing everything he’d ever done was to try and not end up in this position despite the fact half the world was just waiting on an excuse to let him rot here, only to have properly failed.

And he had failed.

It was mostly himself he’d failed, since everyone he’d ever loved had long since moved on without him. The only people left were Harry… and Sirius. And he’d failed Harry by not having the decency of at least being arrested where it wouldn’t add to that poor kid’s trauma instead of making it infinitely worse, but he also didn’t even know if doing all that had even helped Sirius in the end either. If he wasn’t broken by eleven years in this horrid place and freeing him wasn’t actually going to fix anything.

It was hard to think. It was just… his mind refused to work and he didn’t know if it was the coldness or the dementors or just his own thoughts doing it to him but it was hard to think.

Even so, he knew he didn’t want to think either. This was bad enough without adding coherent grief into it too.

It had only been a couple days but it felt like a lifetime already. Even then, this felt infinitely longer: the wait for moonrise was always the longest hours of his life by far. Precious times with people he loved or doing things he enjoyed never seemed to last more than a heartbeat but this… this hell lasted endlessly and in the place it was only lasting longer, like he could feel every second passing and each one felt like agony. He didn’t want to look up out the window to give himself an indication of how long he had left because knowing his luck he’d still have hours left to wait… but he also wasn’t really enjoying how his heartbeat couldn’t relax in the tension of not knowing if it was about to start at any second and he wasn’t ready for it yet.

He was never ready, and knew he never would be.

The only thing that managed to distract him though, was a flicker of a scent he didn’t recofnizwe. Not that that was new as he didn’t recognize a lot in this place yet, but this one was close—in the room with him close.

He lifted his head automatically at that realization and immediately spotted a piece of parchment on the floor ahead of him, clearly having been slid under the door perhaps when he’d been unconscious. He did not recognize the scent on it but it was for sure human, and recent.

It wasn’t like he had much else to do and the distraction was welcome as he pushed himself up enough to grab at it, flipping it to see the neat, oddly upright scrawl on it spilling out not just a note but a full letter.

.

Dear Mr. Moony.

My name is Edith. I do wish I could have been able to speak with you in person, as I’ve heard many kind things about you, and think we would’ve gotten along just fine. I do sincerely apologize that a real conversation may be beyond our reach at this point.

You may or may not know, but I am the legal representation for Sirius and am helping him navigate his innocence. We’ve spoken in depth, about everything at this point, as I needed to know it all to be able to successfully defend him. He has thankfully been very cooperative and has told me everything he has ever known, so forgive me if I come off a little too personal, but from all he’s spoken of you I feel as if I already know you well. It is in that spirit that I felt the need to tell you, one way or another, that though I write this the eve of the trial, by the time you are reading this he will be a free man. My word may not mean a thing to you, but you have it anyway.

You deserve to know the truth that only a few do, and I hope you can at least accept it, if not the more herculean task of perhaps forgiving me for my part in it all. The worst sin of all being that I cannot have him running off the eve of the trial to run to your side as I know he would, so I will not be telling Sirius about where you are until it is too late for you.

You see, we are working on clearing your name and securing your release, but there is little to no chance it will happen by the next full moon. Going off what I know of your situation, I think it is clear to the both of us that you will not live much past that night, whether you are freed or not. I do—sincerely—apologize. Most particularly because I did know you would be arrested in all this, but it is your imprisonment that has given us the opportunity to clear Sirius’ name. Fudge was far too distracted by placing the blame on you that he failed to intercept my plans to have Sirius declared sane, something that will let his own word be enough to get him his freedom.

And Sirius is sane, Mr. Moony. It is very important you know that, because he told me something that I found so critical that it was worth the risk of smuggling a letter into Azkaban just to tell you. This place will steal your good memories, your warmth and your energy. Do your best not to look back on happy things, as they will only be tainted to the point you will forget you were once happy during those memories at all. Do not think of happy things to escape the darkness, do not cling to warmth to get out of the cold. You must think of only things that are neither happy nor sad, as those are the things the prison cannot take from you—and they will keep you sane until we can release you. Sirius has been declared mentally fit for the trial by several healers, and he claims vehemently it was because he was innocent. It was neither a good nor bad thought, as his innocence had never saved him—but he was never driven mad by guilt either, as many other inmates are.

As a solicitor who is as impartial as humanly possible, believe me when I say that you, Remus Lupin, are an innocent man. You being a werewolf is no more a crime than my being a woman. It is no more a crime than Sirius being born a Black, or little Harry Potter being an orphan. You would not judge them for those things, would you? You have to know they feel the same, and if you love them then now is the time to believe them. You cannot torment yourself along with the dementors, or it will kill you faster.

Harry was told about you, and encouraged to reach out to you specifically for this trial, but it was something I know he did happily once he learned your name. I have heard he’s a sweet kid that has gotten a terrible lot in life, and was thrilled to have met someone that had the same story as him. Sirius, in telling me his tale, always ended up circling back to you—be it advice you’d once given him or all the ways he feels he’s failed you in recent times. He is a man who holds your opinion in such high regard that he seems lost without wondering what you would do if you were here beside him. Their hearts will be broken to lose you, so I beg you to hold on for as long as you can. Cling to the thought that they will be reunited shortly, if only to mourn you. Perhaps it will be bittersweet enough to carry you to freedom, so that at the very least you will be able to say goodbye in person.

I am deeply sorry for the part I have played in your suffering. I very much hate the fact there will be no way for you to respond to this, I can only hope it is enough to give you some motivation in the end, and live the rest of my days regretting not knowing if I was of any help at all. It is in sincere apology that you have my word I will ensure Sirius and Harry are as safe as I can protect them with the feeble law at my disposal. And while it may be insanely disrespectful and unwanted of me to say it, I want to thank you for your unwilling part in all of this too. We would be nowhere without you—a sentiment that I know Sirius feels strongly to this day.

I wish you all the luck in the world Mr. Moony, and do still hope that I can thank you in person someday soon.

Kindly,

Edith Valencia

.

Remus put down the parchment, his fingers feeling… numb.

Honestly… it was a bit of a relief, to finally have some answers. Sirius would be okay, he had to be… and he’d take care of Harry. Of that he was sure.

And he didn’t know this woman but this letter was all very…

…he sighed, sinking into his knees from where he’d sat to read the note tiredly. It didn’t matter, did it? While there was still twinges of hope and snippets of expectations woven into the message, the core feeling of regret and apology was too strong that he couldn’t shake the thing he’d been trying to ignore since he got here. It was very different in him telling himself to stop being so pessimistic, another thing entirely to have someone else say the words he’d been trying so hard to convince himself were just lies he told himself because he really was the coward people called him.

Was he going to survive this?

He couldn’t even think straight now, what hope did the wolf have? It never really thought things through in the first place as it self-destructed under the best of circumstances, so when it opened its eyes in this sort of place where it would only hate and scream and claw even more than it already did….

There wasn’t even a rope or anything to tie himself down with in here, he knew the wolf would go absolutely wild and he was going to pay the price for it—either in never waking up tomorrow or managing to at least live until the moon set and then being far too broken to physically survive this horrific cold for much longer. His arm was still not fully healed from when he’d failed to tie himself down all the way and the wolf had broken it for him last moon. He almost didn’t want to wake up tomorrow to face the inevitable aftermath.

Except defeatist thoughts like those were a betrayal to Harry. He couldn’t just give up, even if it would be easier—even if he was so fucking tired and the coldness made him want to shut his eyes more and more each minute. Even if there wasn’t really anyone waiting on him outside these walls, with Harry and Sirius finally safe it would only put them in more danger and bring them more scorn to have a werewolf in their lives even if they were kind enough to want him there, even a little. Even if it wasn’t just him thinking it, but this lawyer and who-knows how many others out there fully assuming he wasn’t going to live past this full moon.

Even if he was too tired to even want to defy their expectations this time. Just this once it would be so much easier to roll over and let the river run its course, instead of constantly fighting the current and only just barely managing to not drown each and every day despite the fact it never got any bloody easier.

Just once he wanted something to be easy.

He inhaled as deeply as he could and tried not to lose himself before the moon had even risen, because he’d come this far damn it… and no, nothing was easy and it wasn’t going to be easy right until his final breath. He would not give in because he could’ve given in a million times before but then he wouldn’t be here, finally doing something good for the people he loved, though this time it really did seem like the end. He would continue to swim and he’d continue to drown and it would never get better but he’d follow this path as far as he could until it came to an close.

It was not up to him where the journey ended. He’d told himself that a million times, and he told it to himself one more time as he did his best to shove all those useless thoughts of a fantasy world where things were easy away from him like they were poison. And they were poison to him—a sweet, tantalizing poison he would give nothing more than to drink.

But he didn’t.

At this point he didn’t even know why he bothered, but he still didn’t give in. Plain, stupid stubbornness maybe.

He closed his eyes and let the pain wash over him like an old friend as he finally lifted his head to look up, the parchment in his hand crumpling as he fisted it tightly as a reminder that he needed to cling to something to get through this. Something neither good nor bad she’d said and so…

The moon was… well.

The moon had been his only companion for such a long time that while it did always instill a fear unlike any other in his heart at the sight of its silvery light, there was also something… oddly comforting about it too. Even in a place like this.

The eerie shine of its face had never once been warm, so how cold and unpleasantly silent it was had not changed even here in the drafty stone cell. He was never exactly happy to see it, as always it echoed this feeling of shame, fear, and even disgust. It was objectively beautiful but also the source of what felt like every ounce of anger and frustration Remus had ever had sometimes.

All those complicated thoughts and feelings about it, but those things had not changed since the day he first lost his humanity under its heartless glow. Even here where the damp horror in the air leached warmth and happiness from every bit of the room, his skin, his bones, the feelings didn’t change. The moon rose and it was as if he were a child again, his father locking him in the basement and silencing the door, as if he were in the Shrieking Shack with friends around him with encouraging words, as if he were locking the shackles around his own wrists after years of the clinically horrible process without a soul in the world knowing or caring that the night ahead would be hell on earth for him. The moon rose and his world was reduced down to the feeling of terror and shame that rose up his throat like bile and tasted like the crumbled ashes of whatever pride he’d gaslit himself into thinking he’d ever had.

It wasn’t a new feeling though.

Twenty-eight years, and this was the 331st moon he’d ever faced with lycanthropy… and no, the hatred hadn’t changed much since that first moon as a child.

He was not happy to see the moon.

But at this point it was also an old friend in the way none of his actual friends had ever been.

Meaning here.

Through thick and thin, it had never once left him even when there was nothing else in this world that had ever been so consistent or steadfast. No matter how much he’d screamed or cursed or cried, the moon would not fall from the sky and he knew it wouldn’t; he’d accepted defeat on that front long ago. He could live eleven years here like Sirius had but for sure each night the moon would watch him suffer, and every full moon it would cause his suffering itself.

He sat on the floor, in the only patch of light that shone through the barred opening at the top of the door. Just his luck that this cell was perfectly angled that he got a front row seat to the incoming moonrise this time of year, and he could tell by how light the dark night sky was that it was nearly here.

Luck… right.

He felt his fingers shake and his heart beat just a little faster in panic at the mere idea of the transition that awaited him. If it were just the one night—not even a full night but a single moonrise—he often thought that would be one thing but… it was also the fear that never went away. It was the days leading up to it that he lived in constant anxiety and stomach-churning terror about what he knew intimately was to come. It was the several days afterwards that he needed to try and regain his strength or wait for injuries to heal or just catch up on rest (though he had never actually been able to do that unfortunately). It was the rest of his life where every other decision he made or person he met or conversation he had or action he tried to take was marred by what others thought of his disease. In here at least he wouldn’t face being asked to leave shops by those who feared his very presence, but everything else…

In here there would never be anything to distract him away from what he was. It was one night a month but every single minute he was forced to live out here would just be the anticipation of the next one. The moon would never fall from the sky and he would never be free.

Not just of the cell, he knew his heart was really thinking. They could open the door right now and he could run, flee into the ocean waves and try to disappear but the moon would follow him. It’d follow him down into the far colder depths of the sea where the moonlight seemingly couldn’t touch him, but its curse still would. What did it really matter if he was here, or there, or anywhere in between?

The sun would always rise… the sun would always set… and the night would always come for him.

The consistency was a comfort just as much as it was a shackle. A foundation he’d built is life on the same as it was a wicked curse.

Is this what she meant by neither good nor bad? He wondered to himself, bowing his head tiredly again when he realized even if it wasn’t, he didn’t have any other ideas. Was he supposed to accept that he was a werewolf? To get over it if it meant seeing Sirius and Harry again?

He let out a startled, bitter laugh that was ripped from his lips as if the dementors had brushed by to snatch it themselves.

There was a time when he’d had everything in the world. He had Sirius, he had James, he had Peter… he eventually had Lily who knew all about their secrets and they were still kids still a bit off from graduation where they’d be forced to face the ongoing war. He didn’t have to ever see his father ever again to face his wrath, he was safe in the normal, routine rhythm of Hogwarts where he got to learn interesting things and spend time with friends who he loved with everything he had, and who loved him back. He had them even during full moons where he’d wake with Sirius sneaking him chocolate in the soft hospital wing beds and the lot of them planning their next prank to take his mind off his aches and pains. He had fun and life had been okay for once, to the point that James had actually managed to convince him that things would still be okay even after graduation. That they wouldn’t break apart even when things got harder (they always knew it’d get harder), and they wouldn’t leave him behind no matter what.

There was a time Remus had actually, genuinely believed that too.

And yet, even then… even then he had still never been able to be proud of who he was. He’d never been able to get over the wolf, the shame, the fear. Even when he’d had everything and he’d been at his happiest in life he couldn’t find it within himself to actually believe he was more than just the werewolf he’d been cursed to be.

Now, even with his own life on the line and him facing down the barrel of breaking Harry’s heart all over again if he couldn’t hold it together tonight, he still knew he couldn’t do it. There was just no chance.

And it tormented him not just because it stung to know so instinctually how broken he really was that he couldn’t even lie to himself anymore, but also because it meant he was failing the people he cared about again.

And there was nothing he could do about it but know that it was his fault, again.

A flicker of coldness different from the feeling of Azkaban trailed over the back of his neck, and he cursed, dropping the parchment to slide his fingers in his hair and grip on tightly, trying to brace himself but knowing it was useless. The moon was rising.

He needed to think of something better than this or he’d fuck it up yet again, but even as he panicked and tried to scramble for something to cling to, his desperate grasps found nothing but guilt and self-hatred that he wouldn’t be strong enough now that people were actually counting on him. He knew he was only making things worse but that didn’t mean he could suddenly do anything about it.

He didn’t know how to get out of this vicious cycle though. He tried to think of Harry but could only imagine the tears on his face, the screams he’d cried that hurt him worse than the silver burning into his flesh at that very moment. Bright, steadfast Harry who loved color and his friends and soft clothes and hot chocolate for breakfast—

--but all he felt was shame that he couldn’t give him any of that. That he’d come into his bright little life and ruined it.

He turned to Sirius instead, thinking maybe, just maybe, that the bittersweet feeling of being validated that he’d been right that he was innocent—!

—immediately destroyed by the knowledge that he’d known he was innocent this entire time and still hadn’t been able to save him. The memory of Sirius once breaking apart at the seams when his past came to eat him alive and how Remus hadn’t been able to bring him any comfort or break him out of his hysterics because he wans’t enough to be there for him. Not back when they were kids and not a single day since.

But Sirius would forgive him, right? They’d both remember how James and Lily had held the tiniest of tiny humans in their arms and showed them their godson, how James hadn’t quite been able to stop crying for at least a week and how weepy he got every time he saw his tiny little son that gave them all so much hope in what felt like the darkest of times in the moment. Sirius would understand how those dark days were nothing—how things had only gotten worse when that baby who held every bit of their dwindling hope had been ripped away from them. How they’d both sworn on their lives to Lily that they would be there for her son and how neither of them ever had the guts to disobey her when she got demanding like that.

Sirius would forgive him if he just remembered that this was for James… for Lily… for Harry and all the important things he represented. The only important thing Remus could cling to, being the knowledge that Harry would live.

And maybe he’d be happy too, somehow.

But… even that small hope he managed to get his hands around slipped away, like mercury disappearing though his quickly numbing fingers. His bones began to burn deep inside him and he knew it was too late as the pain started to mount—slowly now but any moment it would cause an avalanche and he’d be ripped under the agony with no choice but to be carried along in its merciless weight.

Sirius wouldn’t forgive him.

Because for as much as they both had loved James, how Sirius would’ve died for that man had he just gotten the chance to, how he would’ve burned the world and everyone in it to protect Harry, for what was left of James’ in his smile, to protect Lily’s son and god he’d never been able to say no to Lily—

Sirius would still never forgive him, because even if all that were true he was still going to be told one day soon that Remus was dead, and they’d never get that chance to make things right. The one chance to just say hello or goodbye, one more time, the one thing he knew deep in his heart that the two of them had been clinging to all this time no matter if that hope had always been an impossible, painful thing.

And it would be gone, and so would Remus so there’d be nothing he could do, but Sirius would remain. He wouldn’t follow him because he had Harry but he knew deep in his heart that Sirius would never forgive him for that.

He knew he wouldn’t because as the pain started to grow, Remus felt tears streaking down his face helplessly and the same sense of betrayal in his own heart. Sirius wouldn’t forgive him because Remus couldn’t forgive him either, for missing all the chances they still had left in life.

He couldn’t get over it.

His heart was breaking and he felt the transformation starting properly now, but instead of screaming he knew he was sobbing too. The wolf had an even better sense of smell and in the moments before he lost his mind entirely, it hit him the thing he’d buried since he got here, shoving it so deep within his mind that he’d managed to convince himself it wasn’t true.

The cell smelled like Padfoot.

It wasn’t just the wolf invading his brain this time—no he was actually losing his mind and it had nothing to do with the moon rising outside. He inhaled to scream in hopes someone would hear—

—and a wolf howled out in complete and utter, inhuman agony for its lost pack.





Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!





