Stand By Me

Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/65525923.

Rating:

Explicit

Archive Warning:

Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings

Categories:

F/M, M/M

Fandom:

Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling

Relationships:

Hermione Granger/Draco Malfoy, Theodore Nott/Harry Potter

Characters:

Hermione Granger, Draco Malfoy, Harry Potter, Astoria Greengrass, Pansy Parkinson, Blaise Zabini, Theodore Nott, Luna Lovegood, Neville Longbottom, Ron Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Narcissa Black Malfoy, Cormac McLaggen, Ernie Macmillan, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas

Additional Tags:

Fluff and Angst, Domestic Fluff, maternal death, Daddy Draco, Newborn Children, Good Draco Malfoy, Mutual Pining, Slow Burn, Grief/Mourning, Grieving Draco Malfoy, Healer Hermione Granger, Loss of Spouse, Anxiety, Happily Ever After, Don’t worry the rest won’t be as bad as chapter 1, Clueless Draco Malfoy, very slow burn, Inspired by Motown, Death in Childbirth, Childbirth, caesarean sections, Tags to be added, Medical Procedures, Past Astoria Greengrass/Draco Malfoy, Romance, Eventual Smut, Protective Draco Malfoy, Overprotective Draco Malfoy, Draco Malfoy Needs a Hug, Draco Malfoy & Harry Potter Friendship, Reedemed Draco Malfoy, Panic Attacks, Angst and Hurt/Comfort, Angst and Fluff and Smut, Found Family, Good Slytherins, Pansy Parkinson fashion queen, Protective Slytherins, Draco’s friends will kill for him, Childhood Friends, Arranged Marriage, Friends to Lovers, Loyalty, Devotion, Draco Malfoy is Good with Children, Pairings to be added, HEA, Past Hermione Granger/Neville Longbottom, cuteness aggression, Allll the cuteness aggression, Harry Potter looks good in a chest harness, Hermione Granger's Mudblood Scar, Blood Magic (Harry Potter), Blood Curses | Blood Malediction (Harry Potter), Competent Harry Potter, Tattooed Draco Malfoy

Language:

English

Series:

Part 1 of Stand By Me Universe

Collections:

God tier Dramione 2025, dramione favourites of all time, HP Golden era

Stats:

Published: 2025-05-15 Updated: 2026-03-17 Words: 150,962 Chapters: 26/?





Stand By Me


by Wheredoesshego

Summary

When Draco Malfoy is unexpectedly widowed on the night of his daughter’s birth, Mediwitch Hermione Granger is on shift, one of the team responsible for facilitating the difficult delivery.

Draco is adrift, lost in a sea of grief and terrified at the prospect of bringing up his daughter alone.

After supporting father and daughter through that first fraught night, Hermione is desperate to see Draco succeed in bonding with Aurora despite the traumatic circumstances of her birth.

In the weeks and months that follow, she unwittingly becomes part of the new family's support system along with Draco's clueless friends, Pansy Parkinson, Blaise Zabini and Theodore Nott.

Together they form an unlikely safety net, determined not to let Draco fall.

As she navigates the pitfalls and successes of parenthood alongside him, Hermione discovers that Draco is no longer the man she once knew.

Can Draco find the strength to open his fragile heart and allow himself to fall in love once again?



Notes

This fic is very kindly Beta read by didsomeonesay_dracomalfoy and Smudgesonapage. Thank you both for your endless patience and for talking me down from a cliff every week!



Translation into Polski available: [T] Stand By Me [PL] by Charlotte_vanilla

Translation into Español available: Stand By Me (Quédate conmigo) - Español by Maririv07

Translation into Deutsch available: Bleib bei mir (Stand by Me) by nighean_sioda_reads





Chapter 1: When the night has come


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes





Hermione watched them give Malfoy the news.

She saw his already pale face turn chalky white as he raked a trembling hand through his hair, wild blonde spikes sticking up through his fingers as he grasped at it, shaking his head and insisting no, that couldn’t be right, the Healers must be mistaken.

She watched his chest heaving in his white button-down shirt as he began to panic, throwing down the robes he’d been clutching and rising from the blue plastic chair, demanding to be taken to his wife.

He shook off the Healer’s comforting hand as they led him away from the waiting area and down the corridor to the room where Astoria’s body lay.

Hermione watched him stride past the glass window of the operating theatre where she stood, his back ramrod straight, his face tight.

Draco Malfoy was the picture of a man in denial, unable to fully comprehend the terrible turn his night had taken - a night that should have been the happiest of his life.

He had been away on business when his wife Astoria had gone into labour four weeks early, arriving at the hospital as soon as he could, expecting news of an outcome that was very different from the one he had received.

There was a heavy silence as the healers led Malfoy into the room next door. Hermione couldn’t see, but she knew Astoria’s chief Healer would be talking to him, explaining that there had been nothing anyone could do.

He would tell Malfoy that they had exhausted all avenues, done everything they could think of to try and save Astoria's life, but that ultimately, her body had been too tired and they'd had no option but to let her go.

She knew they would take care to reassure Malfoy that Astoria hadn't been in any pain at the end. The Healers had made certain of it.



* * *



Hermione had been there when Astoria Malfoy died - one of the Mediwitches on hand to monitor her unborn baby as they fought to keep Astoria’s heart beating, battling in vain as her fragile body gave in to the curse that had been poisoning her for years, the effects irrevocably exacerbated by her labour.

They’d known it was a risky delivery - had scrambled a crash team ready to receive mother and baby when the emergency Floo call had come in. When they had realised how dire Astoria's situation actually was, the focus for Hermione and her team had immediately been to ensure the swift delivery of her baby girl, who had miraculously been carried to almost full term and had the best chance of survival of the two.

Hermione had been handed the tiny baby, stunned and pale after being delivered quickly via c-section and got to work massaging her heart, increasing her oxygen levels until she took in a deep, independent breath and filled with colour. Her little face had screwed up as she screamed the operating theatre down - the sound like music to the ears of all the medical professionals in the room.

There was little evidence of the earlier chaos now, the detritus of the medical emergency all magically cleared away. The room was peaceful, the baby’s little snuffly breaths the only sound other than Hermione and her assistant Katie’s murmured observation spells.

Hermione leaned over the cot where the little girl lay, magically charmed to ensure she was just the right temperature and to inform Hermione if there were any changes to her breathing.

She was a tough little thing, Hermione thought - strong, despite how tiny she was. Since her birth she’d been poked and prodded countless times, the Healer’s tests confirming that she was thankfully unaffected by Astoria’s blood-curse and did not share the same affliction.

Draco Malfoy’s baby girl was perfectly healthy, and she was beautiful. Dainty and doll-like with delicate features like her mother, rosebud lips and clear grey eyes just like her father’s.

Having just been fed, the baby was settled now, but Hermione’s heart still ached as she gazed down at her.

Despite being born into a life where she would want for nothing materially, the little girl had no mother and a father who would now need to navigate his grief over his wife’s death on the very day he became a parent for the first time.



* * *



It was around fifteen minutes later that a broken-looking Draco Malfoy was led away from the viewing room, his chest hitching, his shoulders rounded. His earlier stoicism was gone along with his ability to deny the truth of the situation.

Hermione could see the shock etched on his face, his mind struggling to make the connection between what his future had been just hours earlier and what lay ahead of him now.

‘Are you going to get him?’ Katie asked, and Hermione nodded, although for the first time, she wished she could hand over the responsibility of her job to someone else.

She took a deep breath and left the operating theatre, heading into the private room reserved for bereaved family members. This was going to be one of the hardest things Hermione had ever done. Despite her history with Draco Malfoy, she could bring herself to feel nothing but compassion for him at this point in their lives. By all accounts, since leaving school, Malfoy had been dealt one tragedy after another, and now he had yet another battle to face. At the very least, he deserved her sympathy even if he didn’t want it.



* * *



Malfoy looked up as she entered the relatives room. He was sitting hunched over, one fist pressed against his mouth, his wedding ring glinting under the overhead lights.

She glanced to where his wand lay on the next seat, resting on top of a bunched-up set of robes and a discarded gift box - something expensively packaged in silver and black paper.

The silver eyes that met hers were red-rimmed, his once pristine white shirt rumpled, the collar undone.

Hermione could see no trace of the arrogant, spiteful boy she had once known. Grief seemed to have stripped him of anything other than raw anguish, visible in every taut line of his face.

‘Granger,’ his voice was rough.

‘Draco, hi.’ Hermione replied softly. Calling him Malfoy didn’t feel right given the situation. She sat down next to him, tucking her hands between her knees.

Several seconds passed before he spoke.

‘You were one of the Healers who worked on them?’

’Yes. I was there.’

Malfoy swallowed audibly.

‘Thank you. For trying with Astoria and for - saving my -‘ he broke off with a strangled sob.

They were silent for a moment as Malfoy gathered himself.

‘Can I see my daughter now?’

‘Of course,’ she replied, her chest tight.

‘I’m so sorry for your loss, Draco.’

She felt him tremble next to her, could hear his throat working as he fought to stay in control.

‘The baby, she’s okay?’

Hermione nodded. ‘She’s perfect.’

He let out a long, shaky breath, his eyes falling closed momentarily.

‘Do you want to follow me? I can take you to her.’ She asked, rising to stand. Malfoy nodded, but he didn’t move.

Hermione waited for a few moments, but he remained still, almost frozen in his chair.

‘Malfoy? Are you alright?’

His grey eyes were wet when he turned them back to hers, and the pain in them almost took Hermione’s breath away.

‘Astoria always wanted to be a mother.’ He said quietly. ‘It was her lifelong ambition.’

Hermione sat back down.

‘I-I didn’t know she’d stopped taking the contraceptive potion. We’d talked about it, but I thought we’d do more research first, ensure it was safe for her.’

He took in a shivering breath.

‘I was just so happy when she told me she was pregnant that I didn’t question it. She promised me it would be fine and I just…believed her.’

He gave a small, bitter laugh, his hands flexing on his thighs, fingers digging into the navy material of his trousers.

Hermione didn’t know why Malfoy was telling her this, why he felt the need to explain, but she remained quiet and let him speak, sensing his need to unburden himself to someone.

‘I should have seen that she was getting worse,’ he croaked. ‘I should have known it was more than morning sickness.’

Malfoy’s breathing had become elevated.

‘I’m a terrible husband. I was…busy with work. I wasn’t there enough. I - oh God. This is all - my fault - I did this to her - I should have- ‘

‘Draco.’

He had paled dramatically, his chest hitching.

‘Draco.’ Hermione said again, beginning to feel concerned. ‘Look at me.’

‘I - I can’t-‘ he stood up abruptly and began pacing around in a tight circle, panting raggedly.

‘I should have been there - because now Astoria is dead - and she’ll never get to be a mum - and - I don’t know what to do with a baby and -‘

He couldn’t finish, he was hyperventilating.

Hermione could see that if he carried on, he was going to pass out. He was going into shock.

‘Malfoy!’ Her voice was firm. ‘Please sit down before you fall down.’

He sat, collapsing into the chair, his entire body trembling. Hermione placed a tentative hand on his back, surreptitiously monitoring his galloping heart rate as he gulped in great heaving breaths.

‘It’s not your fault.’ She said quietly. ‘No one picked up on how sick Astoria was. Her chief Healer saw her last week and he didn’t note down any new concerns.’

‘But I’m her husband.’ He made a small choking sound. ‘Was, her husband.’

He bent forward, burying his face in his hands.

‘I should have been here.’ His voice was muffled.

Hermione said nothing for a moment. She knew Malfoy wouldn’t hear her words. He was too lost in his grief and in his guilt. It was a terrible set of circumstances, and nothing she said or did could make it any better.

‘Draco,’ she murmured when he was a little calmer, his breath still hitching a little.

Hermione put a hand on his arm.

‘You need to know - Astoria did get to meet her daughter, just for a moment. She smiled, and she- ‘

Hermione swallowed, suddenly afraid she was going to cry. It was important to stay professional.

‘-She looked peaceful after that.’

Malfoy lifted his head. He looked at her like she was a lifeline, like she’d just given him the most precious gift.

‘Sh-she did?’ He whispered. ‘Astoria saw the baby?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione said. ‘I made sure of it... I promised her that your daughter would be fine, reassured her that she was healthy.’

He stared at her for a long time, and Hermione could see that it was taking everything he had just to hold himself together.

‘Thank you,’ he said eventually, his breathing almost back to normal. ‘Thank you for telling me, Granger.’



They sat silently side by side for a moment.

‘Are you ready to go and meet your little girl?’

Malfoy nodded, and this time he unfolded his long body from his chair and stood, taking a deep breath.

‘I’m ready.’



* * *



The first time he saw his newborn daughter, Draco Malfoy completely fell apart.

Hermione had never seen a man so overcome. For someone historically so haughty and controlled, he absolutely dissolved.

He bent over his child, his hands gripping the sides of the cot as though it were the only thing keeping him upright. The sound he made was raw, wrenched from somewhere deep in his chest.

Hermione and Katie left the room for a few minutes, giving him some privacy.

Hermione could see through the glass that Malfoy was speaking to the baby, gazing down into the cot and talking and talking, although she couldn’t hear any of what he said. Silvery tears fell from his eyes, catching in the glow of the observation charms above the little girl.

‘How’s he doing?’

Hermione turned to see Chief Healer Jennings, Astoria’s lead Healer standing behind her.

‘As expected,’ she said quietly.

‘Poor bloke. You wouldn’t wish this on your worst enemy, would you?’

Hermione’s jaw tightened. She smoothed down her robes and pushed a loose curl out of her face.

‘Have the rest of the family been called?’ She asked, fighting to keep her voice steady.

‘Yes. Mr Malfoy gave us some contacts. The Greengrass family reside in France, and an international Portkey will take several hours. But there were a few other names on the list. We have someone sending owls as we speak.’

‘I hope someone comes soon.’ Hermione murmured. ‘He shouldn’t be alone with this.’

Healer Jennings murmured in agreement, glancing once more into the room.

‘Stay with the Malfoys tonight. We have enough staff to cover the main ward. That man is going to need all the help he can get.’



* * *



Twenty minutes later, Hermione re-entered the room. Draco’s face was still deathly pale, but he seemed to have himself back under control. She walked to stand next to him, peering down into the cot.

‘Do you have a name picked out?’

‘We’d agreed on Aurora if it was a girl.’ He smiled sadly. ‘It’s a family tradition.’

‘It’s beautiful.’ Hermione said, and she meant it.

‘Hello, baby Aurora.’

Malfoy stiffened next to her but said nothing, his eyes fixed on the baby’s face.

‘She’s so tiny.’ He murmured, and Hermione nodded.

‘She came a little early. She’s small but very strong.’

She indicated the monitoring diagnostics above the baby’s head, each light glowing brightly.

‘These let me know her heart rate, breathing rate, oxygen levels, and blood pressure. All are currently perfect.’

Malfoy looked up at them, frowning a little. She didn’t think he could read them, but he studied them nonetheless.

From within the cot, Aurora suddenly let out a small cry, and Malfoy jumped like a gun had gone off.

‘Shit.’ He said. ‘Is she okay? What do I do?’

Hermione smiled. ‘Get used to it,’ she said softly. ‘Babies tend to cry a lot. Do you want to sit down? I can give her to you.’

Malfoy froze.

Hermione had seen Draco Malfoy scared plenty of times before.

Aged seventeen at Malfoy Manor when she had been lying on the floor, screaming as Bellatrix carved a slur into her arm. Again, when he crossed the ruined courtyard of Hogwarts school to join his parents, embraced into the arms of a madman.

In media photographs, aged twenty-one when he’d stood trial in front of the Wizengamot, silent and stiff in the dock as they handed down his sentence.

But she didn’t think that any of those times he’d looked as utterly panic-stricken as he did now.

‘I - I don’t know how to hold something that small,’ he said, staring down at Aurora and then looking at his own large hands. ‘What if I hurt her?’

‘You won’t hurt her,’ Hermione replied. ‘I can show you how to hold her correctly. How to support her head.’

Aurora had settled now, but Hermione knew they didn’t have long - she’d need feeding soon.

She explained. ‘When babies are first born, they can’t hold up their own heads, it’s too heavy for them. When you pick them up, you must always put a hand behind the back of their head to support their neck. The other hand goes here, spread under their bum and back, so you’re cradling them.’

Hermione peeled back the blanket, pointing as she explained. Aurora was wearing a plain white babygrow they kept on hand in the hospital, her little legs scrunched up, not quite filling the feet holes.

She slipped one hand behind her velvety little blonde head, the other scooped under her bottom.

Malfoy watched her, rapt. His grey eyes were wide, never leaving his baby’s face.

‘Draco,’ Hermione said. ‘Go and sit in the chair over there. I’ll hand her to you.’

He swallowed hard but nodded, crossing the room and sitting down on the squashy green nursing chair. He stretched out his long legs and widened them, resting his elbows on the arms.

‘Like this?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione said. ‘Although, we’re going to do something a little extra.’

She rocked Aurora gently as she approached him. Malfoy’s gaze followed the baby, never taking his eyes off her for a second.

Hermione’s voice was soft when she spoke.



‘We’re going to do something called skin-to-skin contact. Usually this happens when the baby is first born.’ She explained carefully. ‘We place them on their mother’s chest. It helps with the bonding process for mother and baby.’ She could barely look Malfoy in the eye as she continued.

‘U-unfortunately, that wasn’t… possible for Aurora.’

Understanding dawned on his face, and Hermione thought she’d never seen anything so heartbreaking in her entire life.

‘But we can do it now,’ she said. ‘I’ll take off her babygrow and you can hold her against your chest. It will help her to feel secure and to feel your heartbeat. It will remind her of-‘ Hermione swallowed past the lump in her throat.

‘I can help you feed her like this too, so that she associates your scent with feeding time. It will make it more relaxing for her.’

Malfoy was utterly still. Every muscle in his body was rigid, but she could see his pulse fluttering rapidly in the side of his neck. After a moment or two, he let out a slow breath.

‘Alright.’

‘Okay,’ Hermione murmured. ‘You can open your shirt now, down to the waist.’

He nodded, his jaw tight as he slowly unbuttoned his shirt, pulling it looser from the band of his navy blue dress trousers and opening it to reveal an expanse of pale, scarred skin over a lightly muscled chest and abdomen. There were tattoos too, curling over his collarbone and shoulder, images Hermione couldn’t quite make out.

‘Great,’ she said, averting her eyes from the sight of the Sectumsempra scars, still so violent even after all these years.

Hermione placed Aurora back down in the crib momentarily. The baby fussed as Hermione gently undid the buttons of her babygrow, curling her little body in on itself as the air hit her warm skin. Hermione quickly picked her back up as she heard Malfoy shift behind her at the sound of Aurora’s soft cries, cradling the baby in her arms and stepping back towards him. He was breathing hard again, his eyes wide and anxious as he followed her movements, tensing up when Hermione stepped between his legs.

‘Ready?’

He nodded, and she bent, angling her elbow inside his shirt as she gently placed Aurora onto Malfoy’s bare chest. He seemed to be holding his breath as his hand came up to support her body, almost exactly like Hermione had shown him.

She gently moved his elbow so that the baby’s head rested on his bicep under his shirt and she was cocooned inside the expensive white cotton, her little body curled against her father’s abdomen, feet tucked, hands fisted tightly under her chin. Malfoy looked reverent, his eyes cast down at Aurora as he took over a little more and tightened his arms, cradling his daughter closer to him. Aurora instantly settled, her face turning into his chest, eyes closed.

‘There,’ Hermione whispered. ‘Perfect.’

Malfoy didn’t respond. He lowered his face and took in a deep, shaking breath, his eyes falling closed as he planted a tiny, soft kiss on the top of Aurora’s little peach-fuzz head.

Hermione stepped back, leaving them to have their moment. She turned away, back towards the crib, folding the babygrow and blanket, needing to give herself something to do as she got control of her own emotions.





* * *



Draco Malfoy and his daughter stayed that way for almost an hour, his face tipped down to hers, grey eyes roving over her features, seemingly unable to look anywhere else. He didn’t move, even as time ticked along and his arms must have been aching. He remained so still he could have been petrified, the slow, rhythmic rise and fall of his chest as he breathed, his occasional blinks the only interruption to his adoring examination of his daughter's face.

Hermione left the room several times and came back to find he still hadn’t moved. Eventually, she had to disturb them. Malfoy seemed loath to put her down but Aurora was getting fussy, rooting around and wriggling for a moment until her face screwed up, red and angry as she let loose a loud wail that absolutely frightened the life out of her father. Hermione showed him how to feed her, demonstrating how to measure out a bottle and heat it magically.

He fed Aurora standing up, rocking her slightly as she drained the bottle and then watching intently as Hermione showed him how to wind her. His large hand spanned the baby’s entire back as he rubbed and patted gently and then let out a soft sound of pleased surprise when she burped and an equally surprised sound of concern when she promptly brought a mouthful of milk back up onto his shoulder.

‘It’s alright,’ Hermione said with a smile as she vanished the wet spot. ‘A little spit up is perfectly normal.’

After that, the next inevitable mountain to climb was changing.

This went a lot less smoothly. Aurora was unhappy, her grumpiness increasing as Malfoy insisted on learning how to do it manually rather than magically at first.

‘Oh Jesus Christ.’ He paled as he opened the nappy and peeked inside. ‘Granger, why the fuck is it black?’

Hermione snorted a laugh at his use of the Muggle swear alongside his thoroughly overwrought reaction to a little bit of baby poo, but then she reminded herself how alien this all was to him and got back to the job at hand. She talked him through it, pointing out the various mechanics, demonstrating how to clean her and apply barrier cream. Malfoy listened attentively, but Hermione could see that he was overwhelmed.

The more Aurora complained, the more he panicked until he was hot and sweaty, his long fingers struggling with the wipes and then the small tabs to close the nappy. Malfoy was coiled tight with anxiety, terrified he was going to hurt her, and when Hermione showed him how to straighten Aurora’s legs to ensure the right fit, he practically bit her head off.

It took a long while for her to convince him this was the only way to manually put on a nappy, and eventually, he allowed Hermione to show him the magical way, finding that significantly easier and letting out a long sigh of relief once Aurora was finally clean and dressed again. He picked the baby up and held her to him like they’d just survived their first ordeal together.



* * *



‘You need to sleep when the baby sleeps.’ Hermione informed him another hour later when she reentered the room and found Malfoy still looming over the crib, dark smudges under his eyes, his hair dishevelled.

He shook his head vehemently.

‘What if she wakes up? What if she needs me?’

‘Draco,’ Hermione said. ‘Haven’t you noticed yet? Aurora definitely has the lungs to let you know when she needs you. She’s just had a feed, she’ll be okay for a little while.’ The corner of his mouth twitched up, but he shook his head resolutely again.

‘I’m not sleeping. I can’t.’

Another half hour later, she came back to find that he’d pulled the nursing chair up alongside the cot and fallen dead asleep, slumped sideways in the chair, one hand hanging limply over the side of the crib while Aurora dozed inside.

Hermione studied him for a moment.

Malfoy’s bottom lip pouted in repose, long lashes splayed over his cheeks. He looked younger without the hard lines of grief tightening his face, more like his seventeen-year-old self than the twenty-nine-year-old man he had become.

He was still wearing his shiny dress shoes, and although he’d buttoned his shirt, the cuffs were rolled. Hermione could see the Dark Mark on his forearm, faded and benign, but still as grotesque as ever against his pale skin.

Hermione’s own scarred forearm tingled in sympathy.

She debated moving him into a more comfortable position, but she knew how desperately Malfoy needed this rest and didn’t want to risk waking him.

Instead, she cast a gentle cushioning charm and then moved to check Aurora’s vitals again.

She was just about to creep out when there was suddenly an almighty racket from the corridor outside the room, loud voices and echoing footsteps.

‘Draco?’ A female voice called at a volume that was wholly inappropriately for a hospital at any time of day, let alone late at night.

Hermione cast a Tempus, realising with alarm that it was three am and her shift had technically finished two hours ago.

‘Where is he?’ The quiet of the ward was pierced again, ‘Malfoy?’

Hermione stood up, incensed. Who the hell was making such a racket at three in the morning on a hospital ward, and how had they even gotten in at this time of night?

Another voice, this one male, arguing with one of the healers on shift, their tone initially calm but getting steadily louder and more aggrieved until Hermione could hear every word.

‘Fuck off, mate. I don’t care what time it is and I don’t give a shit about visiting hours. We’re here for the Malfoys.’

Hermione glanced at Draco. He was still fast asleep.

She quickly cast a silencing charm and grabbed the door handle, stepping out of the room and into the corridor just in time to see Pansy Parkinson and Theodore Nott stalking their way towards her, closely followed by a severely disgruntled Mike Thompson, one of the other Healers on the night shift.

‘Granger!’ Pansy shouted, her stiletto heels clicking loudly over the tiled floor as she approached with Theo hot on her heels.

‘Hermione bloody Granger. Oh, thank god there’s someone with a brain cell around here. Can you help us find Malfoy? Do you know where he might be?’

She'd been crying. Hermione could see twin trails of black mascara staining her cheeks.

‘Shhh, please,’ Hermione whispered. ‘This is a hospital, ward, there are babies here.’

Her words died in her throat as Pansy glimpsed Malfoy through the glass window, her breath catching.

‘Theo! He’s here!’ She gasped, and before either Mike or Hermione could say another word, both she and Theo had pushed their way into the room.

Hermione could see through the glass, Malfoy jerking suddenly awake, his eyes flaring wide as he darted towards the crib, his hawthorn wand somehow already in his hand.

A moment later, he registered who the intruders were and all the fight immediately bled out of him as both Theo and Pansy stepped forward, wrapping their arms tightly around his shoulders.

Then, Hermione watched as Draco Malfoy fell apart all over again.



Chapter End Notes

Ahhhh we are going again! This plot grabbed me by the throat and won’t let go!

I’m not sure on length or exact schedule but chapters will likely be short and frequent in amongst my other more plot heavy works.

The rest of the fic will NOT be as angsty as chapter one! But we do get a very anxious Draco who has a lot of trauma and grief. As a result this will be a very domestic, fluffy slow burn, with lots of sweet/ sad moments.

Thank you so much to Cie (didsomeonesay_dracomalfoy) for the huge amount of SPAG work and Smudgesonapage for cheer reading!

Thank you for reading and sorry for chapter 1!!

As always with my works, MIND THE TAGS! This fic covers some very difficult and sensitive subject matter and I have aimed to approach it with sensitivity and respect. There will be a focus on how something so devastating impacts the lives of those left behind but also a sense of hope and healing!

Nicky

Extra Note: Thank you so much to Emilliaart for this beautiful commission for chapter one!





Chapter 2: And the land is dark


Chapter Notes

You guys! I can’t tell you how much I’ve sobbed reading the lovely comments on chapter one and how much it means to have you following along. I am enjoying writing this story so much and exploring a new kind of narrative for me.

This chapter again is very Draco-centric as we see him try to process his new, devastating situation alongside becoming a father for the first time. We also find out a little bit about his past.

Next chapter will tell us a lot more about Hermione and her life up to now, and also explore the growing trust and relationships between Hermione, Draco and his friends as she becomes an unlikely port in the storm.

Thank you so much for reading!

Nicky xxx



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione didn’t think she’d ever seen anyone look more desperately relieved than Draco Malfoy when he realised his friends had come for him.

The tenuous threads of self control he’d hung onto seemed to snap the second he’d seen Pansy and Theo, as though he’d finally given himself permission to crumble now he knew they were there to pick him back up.

Hermione turned away from the glass and cast a privacy charm, allowing the group to grieve in peace as she walked away with Mike in tow.

The last thing she’d seen was Malfoy’s hands fisting into Theodore Nott’s shirt as he gasped great heaving sobs onto his friend’s shoulder.

Theo had pressed his face into Malfoy’s hair and clutched him back fiercely, his own blue eyes filled with tears as he met Pansy's stricken gaze over the top of Malfoy's head.

Hermione didn’t go home.

Distantly, she was aware she’d been awake for over twenty four hours, but her sleep deprivation felt insignificant in light of the day's events.

She was bone-weary, drained by sadness for Malfoy and heavy with the type of exhaustion that only came at the end of a busy shift on her feet. Regardless, she felt a responsibility to see the night through, to ensure father and daughter were okay before she left the hospital.

As she made her way down the corridor, Hermione noticed that Malfoy had left his robes still bunched in the waiting room chair next to where he’d been sitting earlier.

She picked them up, the spiced, woody scent of his cologne emanating from the opulent navy material as she folded it over her arm.

As she was leaving, Hermione noticed a package on the floor, half concealed under the seat.

It was the one she’d seen earlier - a small rectangular box, wrapped in thick black paper with a silvery bow.

The tag was facing up and Hermione immediately recognised Malfoy's elegant looping script - the same dramatic cursive he'd used in school.

She picked the box up, placing it on top of his robes to return to him. She didn't intend to read the words on the label, but they were impossible to look away from.



Swallowing past the lump in her throat, Hermione unfolded the robes and pushed the gift inside the pocket where it would be safe but out of sight. She imagined there was something valuable inside but no doubt it was the last thing Malfoy needed to see tonight.

Hermione spent the next hour checking on the other patients on the ward before going to sit in the reception area, sipping on a black coffee as she dutifully filled out her paperwork for the day - a necessary but painfully tedious part of her job.

‘Hermione? What are you still doing here?’

She looked up guiltily to find her colleague Ernie Macmillian standing at the desk, fresh in for his shift.

He glanced behind her at the large clock on the waiting room wall.

‘Didn’t you finish like four hours ago?’

‘Ah yes. I did, but...’ she shrugged. 'It was a difficult day. We lost a patient.'

Ernie grimaced.

'I heard. Draco Malfoy's wife, wasn't it? Astoria?’

Hermione nodded and Ernie raised his eyebrows as he followed Hermione’s gaze to the shielded window of the room across the corridor.

'He's in there?'

'Yes, with his daughter and some visitors.'

He wrinkled his nose.

‘It must have been rough on you, having to deal with Malfoy all day.’ He stepped closer and placed what she assumed was meant to be a comforting hand on the back of hers where it lay on the desk.

Hermione glared at him incredulously.

‘Not as hard as the day has been for him, Ernie! The man lost his wife.’ She pulled her hand back pointedly and Ernie stepped away.

He had the gall to look affronted by her outburst.

‘I didn’t say otherwise, Hermione. I’m just aware of your history with Malfoy, that’s all.' He frowned down at her for a moment and then shrugged.

‘But then I suppose he has history with the entire Wizarding world doesn’t he? Draco Malfoy will always be a marked Death Eater, no matter how much he’s tried to make us all forget.’

Hermione felt her blood beginning to heat. It wasn’t that Ernie was wrong as such - the tattoo she’d glimpsed on Malfoy’s forearm had been a jarring reminder of all he’d been a part of during the war. But the things Ernie was bringing up were in the past. The war was long over, they had all tried their best to move on, Malfoy included.

The events of the day had nothing to do with what he had or hadn’t done ten years ago, nor her feelings on the matter. She was a Healer and a midwife, she would treat all patients with the same care and consideration regardless of who they were. The insinuation that she wouldn't was frankly insulting.

‘Draco Malfoy served his time Ernie.' She said coldly. He was a teenager when he committed those crimes and he paid his dues in Azkaban. Regardless of your opinion on him, his wife died today, have some respect for her at least.’

She raised an eyebrow at the Healer insignia on his chest.

Ernie stared at her for a moment, seeming to be searching for a response and coming up empty.

He turned on his heel and marched down the corridor, green robes billowing behind him.

Hermione whipped away her paperwork, angrily stabbing her quill into the bottle before heading towards the bathroom, feeling the need to splash some cold water on her face.

During the time she’d been gone, the new family had been moved to a side room with more privacy and a bed for Malfoy to sleep in, usually reserved for mothers. Hermione had recommended they keep Aurora in for a few days, just to make sure she was well after her quick delivery.

When she entered the room a little later to check Aurora's vitals, Malfoy, Pansy and Theo were all sitting on a transfigured sofa, the nursing chair provided magically extended so that Malfoy was in the middle with Aurora in his arms, his friends squashed in either side.

Malfoy glanced up as she entered.

He looked utterly wrung out, Hermione thought. His face was ghostly pale, his pallid complexion offset by the purple shadows under his eyes which had darkened considerably in the past few hours.

Regardless, his expression was still one of reverent pride as he lifted his index finger and Aurora’s little fist tightened where she’d wrapped her whole hand around it. His lips twitched up, eyes full of love.

Pansy cooed down at the baby whilst Theo lounged next to them, raising a hand in greeting as Hermione entered and then watching her potter about the room.





Selune_illustrations Instagram



After a minute or two, at Hermione’s request, Malfoy rose and brought Aurora to the crib so that she could check her vitals. He lay the baby down like she was made of glass, his large hand gently enveloping the back of her head as he placed her in the center of the mattress and then stood back, watching Hermione intently as she cast the diagnostics.



His grey eyes narrowed as he tracked her wand movements, studying the different coloured lights that appeared above Aurora’s head. Again, he asked numerous probing questions as Hermione pointed out the various readings, forcing her to repeat herself several times.

‘Aurora is doing great, Draco,’ she said eventually, feeling like she was being tested somehow. 'You don't need to worry. I promise I’d tell you if anything was wrong.'

He nodded, finally dragging his eyes from the glow of the diagnostic to look straight into hers.

'Oh I trust you, Granger.' He murmured quietly. 'There are very few people I can think of that I’d trust to look after my daughter more than you.’

Hermione paused, surprised by his words and the earnestness with which he'd said them.

However, before she could respond, Aurora began fussing, her quiet cries quickly intensifying in the few seconds it took for Malfoy to go to the small fridge in the corner of the room and get the donor breastmilk he’d elected to use. He Accioed a glass bottle and began to pour out the correct amount.

He was anxious again, looking to Hermione for constant reassurance as he followed her earlier instructions, gently heating the milk with the tip of his wand.

'Just check the temperature on your inner arm first.' Hermione warned, and he did, the milk squirting out onto the Dark Mark as he yanked up his sleeve.

‘It feels okay?’

He nodded. ‘Yes. I think so, not too hot.’

‘Alright. You’re good to go.’

Malfoy picked Aurora up and nestled her in the crook of his arm, just like Hermione had shown him hours earlier. He was fully focused, carefully guiding the bottle to her mouth.

But Aurora was already furious, having gotten herself into such a state in the time it took him to make up the bottle that she was wailing loudly, refusing to latch on to the teat.

Aurora’s cries grew progressively louder as Malfoy tried in vain to entice her to accept the bottle into her mouth, growing visibly more frustrated the longer she refused.

‘It’s okay, this is normal.’ Hermione reassured him, raising her voice to be heard over Aurora.

Malfoy pressed his lips together and tried again, his body language tense, a frown creasing a line between his eyes.

Theo and Pansy looked on in thinly veiled horror as Aurora’s screams intensified, looking for all the world like they’d never heard a baby cry before. Hermione didn’t miss Theo’s surreptitious muting charm, his wand sliding out of his pocket and then back in again smoothly.

‘Fuck.’ Malfoy muttered. ‘Fuck. Granger, why won’t she take it?’ He was growing agitated, a fine sheen of sweat breaking out over his forehead. His fingers shook a little as he kept trying with the bottle.

Hermione stepped forward, murmuring encouragement, demonstrating how to rub the teat against Aurora’s top lip to entice her to latch on.

‘It’s not working.’ He grit out, and Hermione could feel the stress emanating from him. Malfoy was exhausted, mentally and physically. She could clearly see the effect Aurora’s unhappiness was having on him, pulling an already taut wire to breaking point.

He tried again, but Aurora turned her face away, her eyes squeezed shut, her mouth a wide O of fury.

‘It’s alright-‘ Hermione said, her fingers coming up to lift Malfoy’s forearm, angling the bottle downwards. ‘Like this,’ she said. ‘Just-‘

‘I said it’s not FUCKING working, Granger!’ He burst out, pulling his arm out of her grip, his tone blisteringly sharp. Hermione stepped back, her heart pounding.

‘She hates this.’ He hissed. ‘She doesn’t want a bottle. She doesn’t want me. She wants her- she needs her mother.’

Then it was there again, that telltale quickening of breath, Malfoy’s chest beginning to hitch under his shirt. Pansy seemed to notice it too and she jumped off the sofa.

‘Draco, love,’ she said. ‘It’s okay.’

‘It’s not okay, Pans, is it?’ He snapped, his eyes flashing, his voice still loud. ‘How the fuck can you say any of this is okay?’

He turned away from both Hermione and Pansy, rocking and shushing Aurora in a vain attempt to calm both the baby and himself.

‘Come on.’ He muttered. ‘Please. Please drink sweetheart. Please.’

Pansy’s face was tight as she glanced at Hermione. It was clear that she was beginning to understand the magnitude of the challenges that lay ahead. Despite Draco’s obvious fragility, Aurora was here and she was the priority.

‘Draco.’ Hermione said, using the same quiet, firm tone she’d used earlier in the night.

‘Please could I take her? Just for a minute. It’s alright. This is my job. Let me help you.’

He turned stormy grey eyes to hers, his shoulders heaving. Hermione held her arms out, taking a tentative step towards him, as though he were a skittish animal she didn’t want to spook. It was technically close to the truth. She knew how stressful it could be to any new parent when they couldn’t comfort their child, but Malfoy was grieving. He was under a lot more pressure than your average newborn father.

‘Fuck.’ He murmured, drawing the baby close to him possessively for a moment.

‘Bollocks. Granger, I -‘ he looked down at Aurora who was now positively puce, her cries becoming higher and higher pitched.

He debated only a moment longer before his shoulders sagged in defeat and he reluctantly handed her to Hermione and stepped away, scrubbing a hand hard over his face.

Hermione took Aurora, lifting her up and placing her over her shoulder, rubbing her back a little. The baby squirmed in discomfort briefly before she let out an impressive burp and then began calming, her fervent cries dying away to soft hiccupy sobs.

Malfoy watched, something that looked a little like betrayal darkening his eyes, along with an almost unbearable sadness.

‘Draco.’ Pansy placed a hand on his arm. He looked down at her hand for a moment, swallowing rapidly before suddenly shaking her off.

‘This is just too much,’ he muttered quietly. ‘I can’t. I can’t do this without her, Pans.’ He put the bottle down and turned, leaving the room in two long strides.

The door shuddered on its hinges behind him.

The three adults stared after Malfoy in stunned silence for a moment before Pansy let out a small sob and went after him, leaving Hermione holding Aurora and Theo sitting on the sofa, his head in his hands.

‘Well, shit.’ He murmured. ‘That couldn’t have gone any worse.’

Hermione said nothing for a moment, rocking Aurora slowly. She picked up the bottle Malfoy had discarded and began feeding her. The baby accepted the bottle calmly now, her pink lips wrapping around the teat as she began to suck, quiet swallowing sounds letting Hermione know she was taking the milk down beautifully.

‘It’s understandable.’ She said after a few minutes, her eyes raising from Aurora’s face to meet Theo’s.

‘Draco is processing a huge loss and newborns demand a lot of energy that he really doesn’t have to give right now.’

Theo nodded. ‘The man is an absolute mess, Granger.’

Hermione couldn’t disagree.

‘I don’t know how he’s going to cope once it really hits him.’ Theo said. ‘He has no idea how to exist without Astoria.’

‘I can’t even imagine-‘ Hermione began.

‘No, I mean, he literally doesn’t know how to live without her. He’s never experienced life without Astoria in it. Their families were close before they were even born. Malfoy and Astoria were friends since they were kids, betrothed since they were like, fifteen. He’s never spent a minute without knowing she was there for him, even when he was in Azkaban.’

Theo let out a breath. ‘Honestly, I think knowing that was the only thing that stopped him from following his old man and topping himself.’

Hermione felt herself blanch.

Azkaban was designed to destroy those who were imprisoned there, to take apart their psyche piece by piece until they were just shadows of their former selves. She’d seen plenty of patients during her years at St Mungo’s who had been there for a much shorter time than Draco Malfoy and had never recovered.

Theo seemed to be reading her thoughts.

‘Oh it fucked him up for sure.’ He said. ‘Malfoy’s very good at keeping up appearances, but he was different when he came out, like he was lost inside his head half the time.’ Theo’s expression twisted.

‘It took a long time for him to be able to adjust to life outside the four walls of his cell, and even longer for him to get to where he is now. Astoria was the only person who really knows how close he got the edge because she was the one to drag him back. She never told any of us the details of his recovery. It upset her to even think about that time.’

Hermione remembered the huge media furore surrounding Malfoy’s trial. Some people believed that he should have simply been put on house arrest given his age, others bayed for his blood, demanding he be given the kiss.

The year-long sentence he’d been given had been touted as a compromise by the ministry, the facts surrounding his crimes inescapable. He needed to be seen to be paying his penance.

Following his release, the Prophet had printed a flurry of pictures of him, tall and much more angular, immaculately dressed in a tuxedo as he attended various galas and charity functions injected with Malfoy cash as his mother scrambled to redeem the family name.

She remembered him as pale and dead-eyed in the photos, even as he smiled and sipped champagne. Theo’s description of Malfoy being lost rang true.

After that he seemed to disappear off the radar. Hermione remembered vaguely hearing from Harry that he worked in some capacity for the DMLE.

He’d apparently been rejected from Auror training due to his background and instead worked as a consultant specialising in dark magic and cursebreaking, employed on a case by case basis.

She hadn’t thought about Malfoy again in years, not until she’d seen him today, broken and terrified but despite everything, clearly extremely loved.

‘He’s going to need a lot of help and support.’ She said eventually.

Theo nodded. ‘Fucking right you are babe. He’s got us. Me and Pansy, Blaise too when he can finally get here. We’ll be there for him and Aurora, no matter what.’

Hermione smiled. ‘You might want to get used to the sound of babies crying then Theodore.’ She nodded towards his wand poking out of his pocket.

‘Oh you caught that?’ Theo grinned at her and winked. ‘I forgot I was dealing with Hermione Granger, the brightest witch of our age.’

Hermione was mortified to see that Theo accompanied the moniker with jazz hands.

‘God, please don’t.’ She groaned. ‘I’d happily never hear that phrase ever again. Theo gave a wicked smirk, raising his eyebrows. ‘I’d always assumed you loved it-‘

He was interrupted from saying anything further by the door opening.

Malfoy stepped inside, grey eyes immediately zeroing in on Aurora nestled in Hermione’s arms. His jaw tightened, his shoulders stiff as he lifted his tired eyes to hers and ran a hand through blonde hair that was growing steadily more wild by the hour.

Pansy appeared behind him in the doorway.

‘Theo, darling.’ She called. ‘Shall we go and get a coffee?’ Theo jumped up immediately, sensing her tone.

‘I’m not drinking the coffee here, Pans.’ Hermione heard him say as the door closed behind them.

There was silence. Malfoy watched her rock Aurora, his fingers twitching towards his baby.

Hermione stepped forwards and he gratefully took Aurora into his arms, kissing her gently on her forehead and whispering apologies against the soft swell of her cheek.

Hermione suddenly felt exhausted. She collapsed onto the sofa, feeling it dip a moment later as Malfoy also folded his long body into the seat next to her. They sat side by side quietly for a minute as he finished giving Aurora her bottle, the baby’s steady swallows the only sound in the room. Hermione let her head fall back and her tired eyes drift closed, almost falling asleep where she sat.

‘Granger,’ Malfoy began, startling her as he cleared his throat. Her eyes flew open and she turned her head to look at him sideways, finding him already looking at her.

‘I need to apologise for my behaviour earlier. I shouldn’t have shouted at you. It was inexcusable when you were only trying to help me.’

‘It’s fine-‘ Hermione began.

‘No. It’s really not.’ His tone was firm. ‘Firstly, what kind of a father walks away from his crying baby? And secondly, you’ve been immeasurably kind to me over the last- ‘ he twisted his wrist to look at the chunky silver watch he wore. ‘Christ, over the last eleven hours. You didn’t deserve to be spoken to that way.’

‘Malfoy honestly, don’t worry.’ Hermione said. ‘This is an extremely difficult time, it’s understandable you might be a bit overwhelmed.’

He let out a small laugh. ‘Just a bit, yeah.’

‘And you need to know, a good father actually does walk away, for a minute at least.’ Hermione said. ‘If you’re ever feeling the same way in the future, the best thing to do is to place Aurora down somewhere safe and take a breather. Because it will happen again. Babies cry, Draco. It’s their only method of communicating what they need.’

He nodded slowly, his expression softening as he carefully lifted a now fast asleep Aurora onto his shoulder, her head turned to the side. He absently smoothed a hand over her back in a slow, comforting rhythm.

Aurora’s pink rosebud mouth was slightly open in sleep, milk bubbles on her tongue. Her entire body was limp as she rested on her father’s chest, both Malfoys relaxed and breathing evenly - a complete juxtaposition to their earlier anguish.

‘I’m beyond grateful to you for tonight, Granger.’

He murmured quietly, his own eyes closing as he rested his head on the back of the chair.

Hermione realised with a jolt that Malfoy’s Azkaban number was tattooed on his neck, the runes visible just below the blonde flicks of hair and above his collar as he leaned back.

‘Y-you’re a good person,’ he continued.

‘You always have been - punching me in the face notwithstanding of course.’

She laughed but it sounded a little choked.

‘You don’t have to thank me. It’s my job.’

His voice was tight when he next spoke.

‘Don’t do that. I know it’s your job, but you’ve gone above and beyond, done far more than what is required of you, for me of all people. I’ll never be able to convey my gratitude, nor be able to repay it. So truly, thank you.’

Hermione found herself looking into Malfoy’s cool, grey eyes again and it was impossible to feel any of the hatred for him that she once had. This man had so many difficult things behind him and so much more ahead. Tonight was only the beginning of his newest struggle.

‘I was just doing my job.’ She reiterated. ‘And you are going to be an amazing father, Malfoy. I can see it.’

He took in a deep breath, ‘I’ll try my best. I’ll love her enough for Astoria too.’

They lapsed into silence, the quiet stretching out as Malfoy continued smoothing Aurora’s back and her little hands made fists on his chest.

Hermione glanced up at the clock. It was six am.

‘I’m really sorry, but it’s time I actually was getting home,’ she whispered, forcing herself to get up off the surprisingly comfortable sofa.

‘I’ll send my colleague Danielle in to look after you this morning. She’s great, so don’t worry.’

‘You’ll be back tomorrow?’

‘Yes,’ she said immediately, even though she wasn’t sure if she was due on shift. ‘Although it’s technically later today, not tomorrow.’

She didn’t miss the look of relief that flickered over Malfoy’s face. He swallowed audibly but nodded.

‘Okay, I’ll see you later, and thank you again, Granger.’

‘Bye.’ She whispered, feeling strangely close to tears. ‘Bye Aurora.’

Hermione closed the door quietly, nodding to Theo and Pansy who were sitting in the waiting room, Pansy’s head resting on Theo’s shoulder. They both jumped up as she walked towards them, their faces etched with concern. Hermione was infinitely grateful they were there.

She finally left St Mungo’s after giving them advice on where to get a decent coffee and strict instructions to ensure Malfoy put Aurora into the crib and slept, even if it was only for an hour or two. She hoped he managed that before the Greengrasses arrived and he had another ordeal to get through.



* * *



It was light when Hermione finally arrived back at her flat, and she blinked sluggishly in the watery morning sunshine.

She tripped over the doormat on her way in, swearing under her breath - so tired she could barely make her legs work.

Harry was already up for work. He stood in the kitchen in his Auror robes, boiling eggs on the hob and buttering toast.

‘Merlin, Mione!’ He spluttered, pressing a hand to his chest as she came stumbling in through the door, all plans of being quiet going straight out of the window.

‘It’s bloody seven am. I thought you were in bed.’

Hermione dropped her bag and kicked off her shoes, already beginning to undo her braid.

‘Believe me.’ She said as she dragged her fingers through her curls to free them, groaning with relief as the ache in her scalp was relieved. ‘I know what time it is.’

Harry stopped buttering, turning to look at her properly.

‘Shit. What happened? His green eyes flashed with concern behind his glasses and he placed the knife he was holding down on the worktop.

‘Are you okay?’

Hermione made her way towards him, stepping across the living space of the small flat and into the Kitchenette area. She suddenly needed nothing more than to be hugged by Harry.

She pressed into him and his arms instantly came up around her, his familiar scent comforting against the antiseptic smell of the hospital on her clothes and skin.

‘Mione?’ He asked again. ‘Tell me. What’s happened?’

Hermione could barely speak, all the emotion she’d held in for the entire day suddenly pouring out of her now she was home in her warm, cosy flat and wrapped in the arms of her best friend.

‘Oh Harry,’ she said, sniffing as she wiped at her tired eyes. ‘It’s been the hardest day. We lost a patient…’



Chapter End Notes

They made it thorough the first night!!!

I know I said less angst! But I’m trying to make Draco’s experience realistic. I promise we will get to fluffier times!!

Also, a little shout out to those in the neonatal field who have taken the time to reach out and for all they do in our hospitals!

Thank you so much to Selune_illustrations for gifting the beautiful art for this chapter! Please head along to insta to give her a follow! She is incredible!





Chapter 3: And the moon is the only light we’ll see


Chapter Notes

Finally we have chapter 3! This took me so many hours, so hopefully I got the emotion I wanted to portray as well as a little light relief!

TW for needles in this chapter (injection not explicitly described)

Also, I am aware that babies are usually given their Vitamin K injection within six hours of birth but I’ve been informed that in emergency situations it can be later.

Due to the circumstances of Aurora’s traumatic birth I’ve written it so that she’s receiving hers within 24 hours rather than 6.

Again, thank you all so much for reading and engaging! It means the world!

Nicky xx





Hermione and Harry stood next to the cooker for a long time.

Harry’s soft-boiled eggs became hard-boiled but he said he didn’t mind. He kept his arms around Hermione’s shoulders and ate his toast, and he let her talk and talk.

She cried into Harry’s robes until she realised with horror that she’d left a soggy patch on his shirt and vanished it with a sniffled apology.

‘You’re going to be late.’ She murmured against his chest, breathing in his comforting warmth.

‘S’fine.’ Harry replied, his voice rumbling against her ear from below his ribcage.

‘I’m the chosen one. They can’t sack me.’

Hermione laughed despite herself, her breath hitching.

‘True. It would be terrible for the DMLE’s image.’

‘God, though.’ Harry exhaled. ‘Malfoy’s wife. That’s fucking awful.’

‘It really is.’ She swiped at her eyes. ‘The man is absolutely distraught.’

‘They were betrothed, weren’t they, Malfoy and Astoria? It was an arranged marriage?’

‘From what Theo said, I think it was, yes.’ Hermione agreed. ‘He said they’d been friends since they were kids, betrothed from about fifteen. But you only have to see how wrecked Malfoy is to know that he truly loved her - arranged marriage or not.’

Harry stopped chewing, swallowing down his mouthful of toast in a thick gulp.

‘Theo? You mean Theodore Nott?’

‘Yes. He was at the hospital. He’s still close with Malfoy, as well as Pansy Parkinson and Blaise Zabini.’

‘Oh, right, yes. That makes sense.’ Harry replied thoughtfully. ‘They were always together in school.’

‘Malfoy’s friends seem to really love him.’

‘Good.’ Harry said. ‘Love is the only thing that will get him through something as lonely as this.’

Harry’s words brought on a fresh wave of tears, and he squeezed her tighter, using two fingers to lift Hermione’s chin so she was looking up at him.

‘Are you okay?’ He asked softly, green eyes imploring. ‘I can’t remember the last time I saw you cry. Malfoy wasn’t…awful to you, was he?’

‘God, no.’ Hermione replied. ‘He was fine. He’s just a grieving man, Harry.’ She swiped at her eyes again. ‘It’s just so bloody sad. It’s always difficult when we lose a patient, but when it’s someone you know…’ she trailed off.

She knew Harry could relate.

He’d had a really difficult case a few years back involving a string of potions overdoses. One of the victims had been Michael Corner, a Ravenclaw Harry had had a brief fling with after they left school. Although he hadn’t seen him for several years by then, Michael’s death had affected Harry for some time - yet another person to add to the long list of those he had already lost in his life.

Hermione often wondered how Harry managed to stay so positive, so steady and balanced after all he’d been through. Even before the war and his battle with Voldemort, he’d had the most horrendous childhood.

‘Friends, Mione.’ Harry had replied when she’d asked. ‘You lot saved me when I was eleven, and you’ve saved me every day since. Not only would I quite literally have died several times without you and Ron in school, but knowing I’ve got you makes up for all the things I’ve never had.’

She’d known he meant a family - his parents. She understood because, since their Obliviation, she no longer had her parents either.

Seeing as neither she nor Harry had ended up finding someone they wanted to be with long term yet, they had become each other’s family instead - someone to come home to, someone to share their successes and failures with, someone to vent to - and someone to pay the other half of the rent.

Their flat was small and cosy, close to work for both of them, and it was Hermione’s favourite place in the world - even when she was picking up Harry’s dirty Quidditch kit off the floor.

Eventually, he really did need to go to work. Harry gave her one last hug, cast a longing look at the eggs now languishing in rapidly cooling water and headed out of the door, shouting at her to get her arse into bed as he left.

Hermione immediately obeyed, utterly exhausted but feeling marginally better after having a good cry. She just about managed a quick shower, then crawled under her duvet without even bothering to dry her hair and fell straight into the kind of deep, dreamless sleep she only ever experienced after a night shift.

She slept for five hours, her alarm jolting her awake what felt like only seconds after she’d closed her eyes.

Hermione groggily reached for a glass of water and took a large swallow, chasing it down with a shot of the Pepperup she kept in the drawer next to her bed. She wondered how Malfoy’s morning had gone, hoping he had managed some sleep too.

It wasn’t her place to worry about Draco Malfoy and his daughter when she wasn’t at work, she realised, but Hermione had always struggled with her overwhelming propensity towards needing to help.

Her friends had made gentle fun of her bleeding heart when she was at Hogwarts, laughing when she started S.P.E.W and the other various causes she’d adopted over the years.

Many had assumed she’d go into politics when she left school, but after seeing so much bloodshed during the war, Hermione had known she wanted to be a Healer.

She wanted a job where she could see the good she was doing immediately, up close and personal, not spend her days debating, fighting to pass laws that may or may not make a difference years down the line.

Being a Healer wasn’t just a job - Hermione cared deeply about every patient she helped.

After a moment of psyching herself up, she threw back the duvet and got out of bed, swearing quietly when she saw the state of her hair in the mirror. She spent some time wrangling it back into a reluctant braid, running her wand over the wild curls that escaped in a pointless attempt to tame them.

Then, she dressed quickly in her Healer robes, grabbing a cereal bar and a coffee as she checked the messages on the mobile phone she’d become reliant on in recent years.

With both her and Harry working shifts, Ginny often abroad with the Harpies and Ron and Luna busy with their young families, owls couldn’t quite cut it. The Muggle devices had proved invaluable in allowing them all to keep in touch.

Hermione powered up the Nokia, and it beeped instantly with messages from both Ginny and Harry.

Ginny’s message was brief and to the point.

She’d be back from France next week, could Hermione make a plan to get the gang together for a pub night?

The text from Harry let her know he would be home late and would bring a takeaway with him for their tea.

She fired off a series of messages quickly to Ron, Neville and Luna, giving them some date options for a meet-up. A small part of her would always wonder how she was still the default person expected to organise anything in their group of fully functioning adults, but secretly, she liked to be the event co-ordinator - at least that way, she’d know it was done properly.

When Hermione arrived back at the hospital an hour later, the waiting room was busy. Ernie MacMillan was wheeling a patient onto the main ward, and Danielle was standing at the desk, filling in paperwork.

‘Everything okay?’ Hermione asked. She cocked her head towards the closed door of Malfoy’s room. ‘How have they been?’

‘Hmm.’ Danielle drew out the sound.

‘Alright, I suppose. He doesn’t say much, although that’s to be expected with what he’s going through. It’s a little nerve-wracking, though, the way he… you know -‘ she puffed out her chest, raising her shoulders and hunching over a little.

‘Ah,’ Hermione said, immediately understanding. ‘The looming. Yes, he does like to watch while you do Aurora’s checks. He’s anxious about his baby, given the traumatic circumstances of her birth.’



Danielle murmured her agreement. ‘It’s understandable, of course.’

‘How is Aurora?’ Hermione asked, picking up a quill and looking down at the ward notes.

‘Oh fine.’ Danielle said. ‘God, she’s beautiful, isn’t she?’

Hermione had to agree.

‘She’s got a set of lungs on her, though.’ Danielle added. ‘Mr Malfoy managed to deal with the meltdown she had during a feed, but Merlin forbid anyone tried to help. He practically shoved Mike out of the room when he offered.’

‘Mmm. Well, he's learning. The more time they spend together, the better he’ll get at figuring out a routine. It’s good that he wants to do it all himself.’

Ernie scoffed from where he’d come to stand on the other side of the desk. Hermione glanced up at him, frowning.

‘Hermione, it’s Draco Malfoy,’ he said. ‘No doubt he’ll have an army of house elves on hand to deal with the childcare as soon as Aurora is discharged. His mother, too. We’ve all seen how much of a mummy’s boy he is. I bet he won’t need to lift a finger.’



Hermione’s quill stilled on the parchment. 'You think?'

'You don't?' Even Danielle looked incredulous. 'He's one of the richest men in wizarding Britain, Hermione.’ Ernie continued. ‘He's not going to look after his own child. That’s not what Pureblood fathers do.’

At that moment, a young couple entered the reception. The woman's face was flushed, one hand gripping the desk tightly as she groaned and clutched at her sizeable bump.

'Contractions every five minutes now.' She gritted out between clenched teeth.

Danielle sprang into action, moving from behind the reception desk to guide the expectant mother into a side room for examination. Her partner trailed behind her, laden down with bags.

Hermione worked her way through the ward notes, still thinking about what Ernie had said. She had no idea why she was even giving it a second thought. It didn't matter what Malfoy did when he left the hospital and Aurora was no longer under her care, but for some reason, the assessment felt false.

Malfoy didn't seem detached from parenting Aurora - the opposite in fact.

Was that the done thing in Pureblood houses, though?

Would he leave his daughter’s care to the manor elves as soon as they got home?

Hermione felt like she got her answer less than half an hour later.

She returned from break to find Ernie MacMillan standing outside Malfoy’s hospital room, knocking loudly on the door.

Mike hovered nearby, looking faintly bemused.

‘What’s going on?’ She pushed at the door handle, finding it firmly locked.

Malfoy’s kicked me out.’ Ernie spat. ‘He’s warded the room to the bloody teeth and won’t let any of us in.’

‘What? Why on earth would he do that?’

‘Who knows?’ Ernie glanced around at the other patients in the waiting room who were all watching with great interest.

He lowered his voice.

‘He forced me out of there at wandpoint, Hermione.’

‘Oh.’ Hermione blanched. This was a situation that could escalate quickly. The hospital rightfully had a zero-tolerance policy for that kind of behaviour.

‘Okay,’ she said, holding out a placating hand. ‘Let’s all just calm down. He’s under a lot of pressure right now. I’ll see if I can find out what’s going on.’

She knocked again, listening intently for movement inside.

A moment later, the door swung open and Theo poked his head out, his wand in his hand.‘We said fuck o - oh, it’s Granger. Hello.’

He grinned at her before leaning back into the room, wand still raised.

‘Malfoy? Granger’s here.’

There was a murmured voice from inside, and Theo moved back, motioning for Hermione to step through.

‘Not you.’ He growled at Ernie, who had begun to follow her. He jabbed his wand menacingly, aiming it at Ernie’s chest.

Ernie whimpered, wisely choosing to remain where he was. Theo slammed the door in his face, resetting the wards and then standing with his back to the door like some sort of unhinged sentinel.

Inside, Malfoy was pacing back and forth, Aurora nestled in his arms, his wand sticking out of his trouser pocket. He looked absolutely livid, blonde hair wild where he’d clearly been raking a hand through it, his jaw set so that the tendons in his neck flexed under the Azkaban runes.

‘Malfoy, what the hell is going on?’ She demanded, and he turned to her, his eyes dark, his body coiled with tension.

Hermione could feel Malfoy’s magic rippling around him, something shadowy and powerful, threatening to escape with the force of his fury. She took an unintentional step back, suddenly remembering who she was speaking to.

‘HIM.’ He hissed. ‘That weedy little Hufflepuff wanker from school.’

‘Ernie?’ Hermione asked. ‘What happened? What did he do?’

Her mind raced along with her heart, desperately trying to imagine what Ernie might have said or done to have made Malfoy so furious.

Draco held Aurora close, cupping her whole face in his palm and pressing her to him so that they were cheek to cheek.

Two pairs of wide grey eyes stared back at her.

‘A needle, Granger.’ He whispered, as though it were a secret he didn’t want Aurora to hear.

‘He tried to come near my daughter with a big bloody fuck off needle.’

Hermione instantly relaxed.

‘Oh.’ She breathed, relief flooding through her.

‘You mean he just came in to give her a routine Vitamin K injection.’

Malfoy blinked at her, his mouth a resolute line.

‘Didn’t he explain? Didn’t he tell you what the injection was for?’

‘No,’ he said. ‘Aurora was crying, and I was busy. Next thing I know, he’s got the needle in his hand and he’s coming towards my child. I did what any father would do.’

‘He threatened to pull his bollocks out through his mouth.’ Theo said brightly from his place at the door. ‘Possibly there were also one or two mentions of murder.’

‘Oh Jesus Christ.’ Hermione bit her lip to stop herself laughing, even though the situation wasn’t remotely funny.

‘Draco, you cannot do that to medical staff. This is our job. We’re here to help.’

‘MacMillan is a knobhead.’ Theo said. ‘I heard him saying shit about Malfoy to the other Healers.’

Hermione felt her own temper begin to simmer. Ernie MacMillan really was a knobhead.

‘He did?’

Theo nodded, his expression mutinous.

‘He’s lucky I’m on my best behaviour right now or he’d currently be finding my wand up his arse, and not in a good way.’

‘What did he say?’ Hermione asked, forcing her face to stay neutral. ‘I’m in charge of the ward. If Ernie is being unprofessional, that’s something I can follow up on.’

Theo opened his mouth to respond, but Malfoy held out a hand to silence him.

‘It doesn’t matter.’

Hermione held his gaze for a moment, but his expression remained stony, his voice low.

‘Leave it, Granger.’

‘Fine,’ she said eventually.

‘You are going to need to unlock the door, though. Because in a minute, someone might decide you are a danger to me or the other members of staff, and they’ll call in the DMLE. Is that what you want?’

‘I’m not having that prick near my baby again.’

Malfoy began, his lip curled. ‘I don’t give a fucking shit- ‘

‘Umm, Malfoy.’ Theo interjected. ‘Might that be something you need to consider, you don’t want -‘

Malfoy’s eyes suddenly snapped to meet Theo’s. Hermione watched as something unspoken passed between the two men. It was momentary, a small flicker of communication that she had no hope of understanding.

Malfoy sighed. ‘Fine.’ He muttered. ‘I’ll unlock the door, but for his safety, do not bring MacMillan in here. And I’m not letting anyone near my baby with a needle.’

‘Draco, listen. I understand how you feel,’ Hermione said gently. ‘Aurora is your daughter, and you want to protect her. But that’s why this injection is important. It’s vital to support blood clotting and can prevent her from developing a potential deficiency which could make Aurora very unwell.’

Malfoy paused, halting his pacing momentarily as Hermione continued.

‘I won't let Ernie in here, but Aurora does need this injection. How do you feel about letting me do it?’

He finally seemed to be considering it, looking down at Aurora and frowning. Suddenly, he no longer looked intimidating, his anger flickering and then draining away, leaving him once again looking uncertain, vulnerable.

‘Do you... do you think it’s what Astoria would have wanted me to do?’

‘I do.’ Hermione said gently. ‘She did everything in her power to keep Aurora safe, Draco. She would definitely want this.’

He looked back up at her, teeth pressing hard into his lower lip as he battled with himself.

‘Alright.’ He murmured eventually. ‘But it has to be you. Only you, Granger.’



* * *



Half an hour later they were settled.

Pansy had arrived and was sitting with Draco as Hermione talked him through what she was going to do, explaining that it would only hurt for a moment and that Aurora wouldn’t remember it.

Malfoy was frantic, his eyes darting from Hermione to the needle, to Aurora.

‘It’s okay, love,’ Pansy clutched his hand tightly.

‘Take some deep breaths.’

‘Fuck. I might be sick. I can't watch.’ Malfoy muttered. ‘It’s going to hurt her. What if she cries?’

‘She might cry.’ Hermione admitted. ‘But I’ll be casting a pain relief charm immediately after. Unfortunately, potions are not recommended for babies this small, or I could do more. Just - just remember what I said, okay?’

Malfoy met her eyes, and once again Hermione saw the depth of his loss in the translucent silver. There was no let-up, no time for him to grieve.

He was now a parent first and foremost, and it was relentless. Every decision about Aurora’s well-being fell on his shoulders alone.

The knowledge that he was trusting her despite his obvious terror made her chest ache so acutely that she had to look away.

‘Theo,’ Malfoy murmured as she began to undo the poppers on Aurora’s babygrow. ‘If you need to, Stupefy me.’

‘Gladly.’ Theo smirked, but he came to sit on Malfoy’s other side, taking his hand in solidarity.

Draco’s knuckles were white, his jaw clenched so tightly that a muscle twitched below his cheekbone.

She looked down at Aurora, who was wide awake. The baby blinked slowly, gazing up at her with grey eyes that were striking in their similarity to her father’s, and although Hermione knew her vision wasn’t clear yet, she smiled at her apologetically.

‘It’s okay, sweetheart,’ she whispered. ‘This will be over in just a second.’

Hermione gently sterilised the area with her wand and Accioed the prepared vial from its silver tray.

‘Right,’ she said. ‘I’m going to begin now.’

Even without looking, she could hear Malfoy’s breathing get louder, harsher, the muttered sounds of his friends comforting him. She heard him shifting in his seat.

‘Be careful, Granger - ah fuck - be careful with my daughter.’ He was panting, exhaling shakily.

Hermione lowered the needle in her hand, holding Aurora’s thigh firmly so she could administer the shot into the correct place.

Just as the needle went in and she used her thumb to depress the plunger, there was a sudden grunt of surprise, a muttered ‘oh shit.’ and then a loud thud from behind her.

‘What happened?’ She asked, unable to turn around. ‘Is everything okay?’ She completed the injection and cast the pain-relieving charm, although Aurora had already calmed after letting out one brief wail of surprise.

‘He passed out.’ Theo said as Pansy gasped Malfoy’s name.

‘The poor bastard bloody passed out!’

Hermione turned around to find Draco Malfoy out cold on the tiled hospital floor.



* * *



‘Don’t.’

Malfoy held up a hand the second Hermione entered Aurora’s room the next morning.

He was standing with Pansy, who was gazing thoughtfully down at the hospital bed, currently invisible beneath an absolutely unholy number of baby clothes spread out over the tucked white sheet.

‘Don’t say anything.’

As she held up her hands in concession, Hermione was relieved to see that Malfoy looked marginally less peaky than the day before, although his face was still pale.

Thankfully, he hadn’t injured himself when he’d fallen. She’d insisted on checking him over even though he’d been adamant that he was fine.

She quickly deduced that he hadn’t eaten or had anything to drink for over twenty four hours, and that, combined with the fact that he was in the midst of one of the most stressful experiences imaginable, had contributed to his brief loss of consciousness, as well as his extreme distress at the prospect of Aurora being in pain. He’d hyperventilated to the point of no return.

She moved to the end of the bed, picking up Aurora’s notes and stealing another covert glance up at Malfoy as she did.

He’d changed his clothes, looking fresher in a pale blue fitted shirt tucked into a pair of grey tweed trousers - somehow still effortlessly elegant, despite having been in the hospital for nearly two days.

Theo was sitting on the sofa, carefully cradling Aurora, who was fast asleep in his arms, wrapped in a soft white blanket.

'Which one, Draco?' Pansy asked from his side, her tone making it clear that this wasn't the first time she'd asked.

She waved her hand over the clothes on the bed, which Hermione saw all still bore their tags.

‘I’ve brought a selection of outfits from the finest babywear brands in both the Wizarding and Muggle world, and you're telling me you can't choose a single one of them?'

Pansy flipped her hair exasperatedly, the black strands shining like silk.

She pointed a sharp red nail at the outfits closest to her. 'Chanel, Dior, Louis Vuitton.’ She moved through the next row, ‘we’ve got mulberry silk, cashmere, chenille...'

Malfoy bent over the bed a little. His grey eyes followed Pansy's pointing finger, his expression becoming more and more confused as she continued saying words that he clearly didn’t understand.

'This is sweet?' Pansy suggested, holding up a beige frilled smock, 'Look at the ornate lacework at the cuffs and neck.'

'Umm, Yeah. It's… nice.’ Malfoy said, sounding unsure.

'Or what about this Burberry dress?’ Pansy continued. ‘It comes with these little tights. She’d look so cute.’

Draco exhaled, running a hand exasperatedly through his hair.

‘Pans, I'm sorry. I know you went out especially to get all these, but I really don't know anything about baby clothes. It’s just…they all look a bit…’ his mouth twisted, ‘uncomfy for her. Don’t you have any of the type of thing she’s already wearing?'

Pansy looked scandalised.

'Draco! That babygrow is made of velour.’ She looked to Hermione as if expecting back-up. ‘It’s not..’ Pansy lowered her voice, ‘she can’t wear velour, darling.’

Theo sniggered from the sofa, but Malfoy looked clueless, and actually a little stressed.

Once again, Hermione could tell he was out of his comfort zone, and she hoped he wouldn’t mind her stepping in.

‘These are all beautiful.’ She said carefully, walking around the side of the bed. ‘The only problem is, newborn skin is very delicate. Dresses and tights are lovely for special occasions or to wear for a short time, but day to day, newborns are most comfortable in a little vest and babygrow. It’s much easier for changing too.’

‘Oh.’ Pansy deflated instantly, her eyes scanning over the clothes again. ‘I didn’t buy any vests.’

Malfoy put an arm around Pansy’s shoulder, flashing a grateful look at Hermione as he planted a small kiss on the top of his friend’s head. ‘It’s all lovely though, Pans,‘ he murmured. ‘Most of it looks like it will fit her perfectly in a few months.’

‘Of course.’ Pansy acquiesced, her expression softening as she looked up at him. ‘We can charm them to fit.’

‘We can.’

There was a beat of silence before Malfoy turned back to Hermione.

‘I was wondering actually…’ he swallowed hard. ‘Astoria had a bag packed, ready for when she went into labour. It had her overnight things in, some personal items and um, some baby clothes that we - that we chose.’ Hermione felt her chest tighten again.

‘Did she- bring it with her- when she-?’ He cut off, Adam’s apple working as he visibly struggled to continue speaking. Pansy and Theo were silent, the mention of Astoria sobering them all.

‘No,’ Hermione said as gently as she could. ‘I’m sorry, Draco. Astoria didn’t have anything with her when she came in.’

He nodded slowly, his eyes remaining on hers. Hermione imagined he was picturing Astoria’s panicked arrival, his mind filling the blanks.



He let out a long breath.

‘Okay, thanks.’ He swallowed again, his voice hoarse.

‘I think- I suppose that means it’s still at the manor. I- I’ll have to-‘

‘I’ll go, love.’ Pansy said, instantly knowing what Malfoy needed.

‘I’ll go right now and get you anything you need. Shall I bring all the clothes from the bag? Is there anything else?’

‘That’s great, Pans, thank you. Just bring anything you can see that’s for a newborn. But - can you - don’t bring the bag. I can’t - I don’t want to see any of-‘ he made a small, strangled sound, turning wet eyes away towards the wall.



‘I won’t,’ Pansy said softly, clearly fighting tears of her own. ‘I’ll just bring the baby things.’

Aurora had begun squirming a bit in Theo’s arms. He suddenly looked up, his expression horrified.

‘Um, Malfoy?’ He held the baby out like a bomb. ‘Something just happened.’

‘She needs changing.’ Malfoy said decisively, clearly relieved to have a distraction. He stepped forward and took Aurora from Theo, already looking much more confident in the way he handled her.

Hermione watched him change her, every movement gentle and careful, his eyes full of love as he kissed the bottoms of Aurora’s kicking feet.

He picked her up and held her afterwards, lips pressed to her velvety head. Watching them together, it was impossible to imagine that he would leave her upbringing to anyone else.



* * *



Hermione didn’t see Malfoy or Aurora for the rest of her shift. She spent several hours facilitating another difficult delivery - a breech birth with shoulder dystocia. She would forever be grateful for magical assistance in those situations, managing to deliver the baby safely without needing to resort to a cesarean section. However, by the time mother and baby were settled, she was once again well past her finishing time.

When she returned the next morning, she was surprised to enter Malfoy’s room and find Blaise Zabini sitting on the extended sofa, immaculate in a tailored black suit and waistcoat, one leg crossed over the opposite knee.

Hermione couldn’t help but notice that, like the rest of them, Blaise was unfairly beautiful.

His black hair was cropped close to his head, his skin smooth and flawless.

He smiled when he saw her, his voice a low baritone drawl.

‘Hermione Granger, long time no see.’

Malfoy didn’t greet her. He was bent over a sheaf of paperwork that was spread out between them, his face tight, eyes a steely grey behind the reading glasses he wore.

He picked up a sheet of parchment, scanning over the contents before placing it down and picking up another.

She moved into the room stiffly, glancing over several times, but Malfoy acted as though she wasn’t there.

Aurora was fast asleep in the crib next to him. Hermione noticed she had been changed into a new outfit. It was another white babygrow, but this time with a little collar, decorated with delicate pointelle and pale emerald green accents around the edges. It was soft and luxurious - clearly expensive but perfect for a newborn.

As Hermione silently completed her checks, she caught small snatches of the men’s murmured conversation - contracts, prison records, access.

Their voices were too low for her to make out anything else. As usual, Malfoy’s eyes darted up to watch her cast the diagnostics, but he didn’t speak, didn’t ask any questions. He was tense and distracted, something simmering just below the surface of a now steely exterior.

When she left, Katie was standing at the desk.

She beckoned Hermione to her, glancing around furtively.

‘The Greengrasses came.’ Katie said once she was close enough, her voice low.

‘Finally,’ Hermione breathed. ‘I heard they had trouble with their Portkey. How did it go?’

Katie pulled a face. ‘They were distraught, obviously. Mike took them to the relatives room so Chief Healer Jennings could talk to them about what happened with Astoria, and then Malfoy went in with the baby about half an hour later.’

Hermione nodded, sensing there was more.

‘He was only in there for about ten minutes, and then he came storming out and took Aurora back to their room. He looked extremely upset. Apparently, the friend who’s in there now is also his solicitor. They’ve spent the morning going over paperwork that the Greengrasses left.’

Hermione frowned.

‘What kind of paperwork?’

Katie shrugged, ‘No idea, but he is stressed.’

Hermione was kept busy for the rest of the day, unable to find out more about what was happening. At around three, she caught sight of Theo and Pansy arriving back at the hospital, their heads bent close together - even Theo looked worried. Periodically, Blaise left the room, pacing the waiting room as he spoke quietly into a Muggle mobile phone.

At five pm, she knocked on the door quietly, finding Malfoy alone.

He was fast asleep on the bed, paperwork spread out around him. His glasses dangled from one hand as he curled on his side, chest rising and falling in a slow, even rhythm.

He jolted as the door closed, bloodshot eyes flying open, body language defensive.

He sat up and frowned down at the papers, gathering them up quickly and shoving them into the drawer next to the bed.

But Hermione wasn’t looking at Malfoy. She was staring open-mouthed at the muted, multicoloured lights that glowed above Aurora’s head.

‘Draco!’ She hissed loudly, her mouth open in disbelief. ‘Did you... are these my observation charms?’

He said nothing, his cool gaze holding hers, unable to deny what Hermione had clearly worked out for herself.

Above Aurora’s head, the lights of the observation charms blinked obnoxiously, cast just as accurately as if she’d done them herself - one light for Aurora’s heart rate, others for her blood pressure, oxygen levels and breathing rate.

‘How did you..?’ Hermione’s mouth pressed into a thin line as she studied the flawless spellwork.

She realised now why Malfoy had studied the charms so closely, why he asked her so many questions.

He’d been dismantling the spells so he could cast them himself.

‘Draco.’ She murmured softly, her initial vexation giving way to a heartbreaking understanding.

It sank like a stone, weighing heavy in Hermione’s gut.

‘I only cast these charms because Aurora is a newborn and we’re in hospital. It’s important for me to know these things right now, but she won’t need these all the time.’

Malfoy leaned over the crib, his expression pained as he looked down at his daughter. He sighed deeply, fingers flexing on the side of the cot as he dragged his gaze up to meet hers.

‘I need them, Granger.’ He said simply.

Once again, Hermione was hit by an overwhelming wave of sympathy for Draco Malfoy.

As much as she didn’t agree with what he was doing, who was she to tell this man how to manage his anxiety? He’d learned with brutal efficiency how fragile life could be.

‘Alright.’ She said softly. ‘I understand you need them for now. But you know she really is doing well. In fact, you should probably be able to take Aurora home tomorrow.’

Grey eyes instantly flared wide. His lips parted, his hand stilling where he’d been stroking Aurora’s cheek.

‘Tomorrow?’

‘Yes, there are a few final things we need to do, then she’s ready to go.’

‘But she’s only a few days old. How do you know there’s definitely nothing wrong? Her birth was traumatic, she was early. She’s too small.’

‘Draco, Aurora is healthy, she’s strong. You know exactly what to do. And you won’t just be left to your own devices - for the first few weeks our community midwives will come out to visit you, they do their own checks.’

‘Are you a community Midwife?’ He asked, brow furrowed.

‘No. I’m not. Hermione explained gently. ‘I’m hospital-based. I manage the Neonatal ward.’



He nodded, his expression grim.

‘Right. Okay. But if anything is wrong?’

‘You can bring her back in anytime if you have concerns. Just contact the front desk. You can ask for me specifically if you like? Or…’ even as she said the words, Hermione realised she was almost certainly overstepping the boundaries of her professionalism, but she found herself saying them anyway.

‘I can give you my personal number?’

Malfoy’s gaze flickered, his eyes widening again almost imperceptibly. He didn’t respond for so long that Hermione felt like she should backtrack, but after a long, painful minute, he exhaled.

‘You’d do that?’ His eyebrows drew together. ‘For me?’

Hermione nodded. ‘For you. And for Aurora.’

Suddenly, the quiet of the room was broken again by a loud knock on the door.

Malfoy frowned, his eyes darting to where Aurora remained undisturbed, sleeping peacefully.

Hermione moved towards the door, opening it to find Mike standing there, his face red.

‘Mike, what’s going on?’ She asked.



Mike grimaced, leaning around Hermione to look at Malfoy.

‘I’m sorry to do this to you, mate.’ He said gruffly. ‘But I’ve got two Aurors in my waiting room, and they want to talk to you.’





Chapter 4: I won’t be afraid


Chapter Notes

Firstly, thank you all sooooo much for the love and response to this story! It’s all so different for me and it’s been incredible to see the comments, artwork and posts about it. It gives me so much motivation! (Also the fact that I’m obsessed with this story helps!)

I’m so sorry that our boy is going through it again in this chapter but he is so loved and supported, we know it’s all going to be okay. I don’t have masses of experience in this field, but with my own job I have some. So I’ve tried to write it as realistically as I can whilst also taking some creative licence.

Thank you again to my beta and cheer readers for stopping me from having a major meltdown over this chapter! 🤍

Love Nicky xx



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione froze, turning to look at Malfoy, who had gone unnaturally still, his expression unreadable, silver eyes flinty.

The magic she’d felt earlier, just a suggestion of whatever lived beneath his immaculate exterior, pulsed again, radiating outwards from every taut inch of him.

It was there, dampened by grief and anguish, but unmistakably potent. It crackled through the air, replacing all the oxygen in the room.

As apprehension slithered down her spine, Hermione thought that the most worrying thing about the situation was that the version of Draco Malfoy standing in front of her at that moment was fractured - he was broken. Malfoy’s whole life had come crashing down, and he was a part of the fallout. The magic she felt, currently carefully controlled and restrained - that magic might find one of the cracks in him and force its way out.

A man under that much pressure had the potential to explode.

The silence stretched out for so long that Hermione could hear her own heartbeat in her ears, a prickle of sweat breaking out along the back of her neck.

And then finally, Malfoy blinked.

He cleared his throat, Adam’s apple bobbing above the open collar of his blue shirt, and he shifted, stance forcibly relaxing, hands sliding into his pockets.

Hermione exhaled slowly.

‘Right,’ he murmured, his voice quiet and level as he flicked icy grey eyes up to Mike’s face.

‘Did they say what it was they wanted?’

‘No,’ Mike replied, and Hermione realised that he felt it too. He was tense, his fingers twitching where she knew his wand was kept in a holster under his robes.

‘They just said that it was important.’

‘And are they aware I lost my wife two days ago?’ Malfoy’s voice was cutting.

‘I- I did tell them, mate, but they said it couldn’t wait.’

Malfoy sighed, and with it, the tension finally bled out of him a little. Hermione felt the band around her own chest loosen simultaneously.

‘Of course they did.’ He muttered under his breath, and then louder, ‘I won’t be speaking to anyone without my solicitor present.’

Mike frowned. ‘Oh, I don’t think there’s any need for that-‘, Malfoy cut him off with a disdainful glance.

‘With all due respect, mate,’ he snapped. ‘I don’t think you’re in any position to understand what I do or do not need. Let the Aurors know I will not be speaking to them until my solicitor arrives back here. If it’s that important, they will wait.’

Mike’s mouth opened and closed for a moment. ‘You- want me to tell them that?’

‘I do.’

Malfoy turned away from Mike to pick up an overnight bag Hermione had only just noticed on the floor. He took out a mobile phone, the screen glowing green on his face as he powered it up and began typing. Mike stood there a moment longer, and then, without another word, he turned, letting the door slam behind him.

The room was silent as Malfoy typed, his long fingers moving over the buttons quickly. After a moment or two, he glanced up at her as though he’d only just remembered she was there.

‘I’m sure you have plenty to be doing on the ward, Granger.’ He muttered, and his voice was emotionless, his face hard.

Hermione realised that she was being dismissed.

She ignored the flare of embarrassment that came with it, even as she felt her cheeks heat. The switch from Malfoy’s open vulnerability just moments ago painfully jarring.

Hermione wanted to say something, to ask how she could help, but then she realised that she was doing it again.

She’d insinuated herself in someone else’s problems, taking on the emotional weight of something that was not her load to bear.

Draco Malfoy was reliant on her to provide medical care for his baby and nothing more - he had friends and family to do the rest. Aurora was healthy, and she was already deeply loved, that much was obvious. Why was Hermione under the impression that she could do something more for the Malfoys than any other Healer?

It was a pattern Hermione had repeated throughout her life, and one of the reasons she and Neville had broken up six months before. She had been hyper-focused on her job, staying late, taking on extra shifts, not sleeping so that she could research new developments in Neonatal care. She took every patient into her heart so deeply that she had no room for anyone else.

Neville had been a good boyfriend, patient and kind. He’d supported her as long as he could, trying his level best to get her to take notice of him, to realise that he also needed her. But she hadn’t seen it, hadn’t realised she was losing him until he was gone, the ties that bound them partially severed. Neville deserved better, and he’d found it. He would always be her friend, but now he was Hannah Abbott’s fiancé.

Horrified by the sudden tears that sprang into her eyes, Hermione blinked rapidly and headed for the door, telling herself even as she did that she was being ridiculous for making any of this about her. It was clear to see that Malfoy was almost at the end of his tether. The Aurors arriving on top of everything else was just another push in the wrong direction for a man who was desperately fighting to take some control in a situation where he had absolutely none.

She stepped out into the corridor and smoothed her robes down, rearranging her face back into its usual business-like expression before marching back towards the reception.

As she turned the corner, she heard the sharp crack of Apparition behind her and turned briefly to see a suited and booted Blaise Zabini striding towards Malfoy’s room, his expression murderous.

Mike was at the desk, loitering nervously. He beckoned to her as she got closer, glancing around at the thankfully quiet waiting room.

‘I put the Aurors in your office to wait.’ He said. ‘I hope that’s okay?’

‘It has to be, I suppose.’ Hermione replied, although she did agree it was the best place for them. Pregnant women didn’t need to be seeing law enforcement hanging around when they were about to give birth.

‘What do you think they want with him?’ She asked, unable to stop herself. ‘It’s bad form coming here now, surely. The man is grieving.’

‘No idea,’ Mike said. ‘But they were adamant they saw him tonight. Was that his solicitor I saw arriving a moment ago? Should one of us go and get them?’

‘Yes, Blaise just got here.’ Hermione said. ‘But I’m going to leave this with you. My shift ended half an hour ago, and I’m ready to go home.’

Mike raised a skeptical eyebrow. ‘You aren’t going to wait and see what’s going on with Malfoy?’

‘No,’ Hermione insisted. ‘It’s none of my business what’s going on with Malfoy. I am here to care for Aurora only, and she is doing well. In fact, I’ll fill out her discharge paperwork before I go so that as soon as the Chief Healer signs off on it tomorrow, they can leave.’

Mike was frowning at her, his confusion evident.

‘But, I thought you were his friend. You’re the only Healer he wants near his kid, the only one of us he’s engaging with. You’re going to go now when it’s all kicking off?’

Hermione frowned. ‘I’m not his friend, Mike. In fact, prior to this, I was-‘ her words were cut off by the sound of her office door opening. Hermione and Mike both turned to see one of the Aurors slipping out of Hermione’s office and heading towards the desk.

He was tall and broad, rich red robes flowing behind him as he walked, shining dragonskin boots clicking on the tiles.

‘Hello, Cormac.’ Hermione said as the Auror approached the desk.

‘Hermione, how are you?’ Cormac McLaggen smiled with bright white teeth, spreading his hands over the desk.

Hermione didn’t answer, not quite sure what she’d say.

‘Do we have any idea how long Malfoy is going to be?’ He asked, turning his attention to Mike. ‘It’s quite urgent.’

Mike shrugged.‘He’s in there with his solicitor, I’ll go and knock again.’

‘Thanks.’ Cormac said to Mike’s retreating back. Mike didn’t respond, grumbling under his breath as he headed back towards the room.

Cormac turned his gaze back to Hermione. ‘So how’ve you been, Herms?’ He asked, blue eyes twinkling. ‘You’re looking great.’

Hermione resisted the urge to roll her own eyes. She was not ‘looking great.’ She looked like absolute shit. She’d barely slept in two days, was wearing no makeup, her hair was in her work braid. She was sure she looked as exhausted and emotionally drained as she felt.

As she cast around for a suitably polite response, Mike returned, still looking pissed off.

‘Malfoy won’t wake the baby. He said you can go to him.’

Cormac’s jaw tensed just a fraction, but he did nothing except smile good-naturedly and give a small shrug.

‘No worries at all.’ He said. ‘I’ll just get my colleague and we’ll head down.’

He turned to Hermione, lowering his voice as he leaned in close.

‘Listen. Someone from Child Protective Services will possibly be arriving relatively soon. Be a doll and keep them out here if you can. Don’t let them down to Malfoy’s room until we’re done.’

Hermione spluttered, the urge to hex Cormac’s bollocks off for the pet name flying out of her mind the second she processed the second thing he’d said.

‘Wait. The DMCPS? Why?’ She gasped out, horrified. ‘For Aurora?’

Cormac’s eyes narrowed a little at her reaction, surprise flashing over his features. He recovered quickly, waving a hand airily.

‘It’s not a concern.’ He said. ‘Just distract her, please.’ And then he turned away, disappearing into her office before returning with his colleague, a man she didn’t recognise.

They strode down the corridor towards where Mike was, muttering in low voices.

Hermione stared after them, her heart pounding. What was happening? Why were the DMCPS coming, and why were there Aurors on a maternity ward?

All around her, the hustle and bustle of the hospital continued, her colleagues unaware of the quiet drama playing out in the Malfoy’s room, unaware of Hermione’s own crisis.

She knew that Child Protective Services only came for one reason. She thought back to what Katie had said about the Greengrasses, thought about her warnings to Malfoy about Ernie.

There were several things that could have happened, and none of them were good.

Hermione felt sick. They couldn’t be trying to take Aurora from Malfoy, could they?

Was that what he was expecting? Why he’d insisted on having his solicitor present?

She thought about the love in Malfoy’s eyes when he looked at his baby, how distraught he was at Astoria’s loss.

Hermione barely knew Draco Malfoy, and she had no idea how he’d spent the last ten years, but the past few days were enough to tell her two things without a shadow of a doubt.

Malfoy was not the same person he once was. There was no evidence of the arrogant, bigoted boy she had known in school. He was quiet and respectful, clearly loved by his friends, and above all, he was a deeply devoted father.

Draco Malfoy’s very soul was tied to his daughter. If they took her from him… Hermione didn’t want to think of the possible repercussions.

Theo’s words from the day before rose in her mind, bringing with them a fresh wave of unease.

Lucius Malfoy had killed himself - that was well known. But Theo had insinuated that Draco himself had also come close. Hermione didn’t need to know Malfoy to know that losing Aurora on top of Astoria would finish him.

This could not happen.

The next half an hour passed painfully slowly. Hermione managed to maintain some semblance of normality, greeting Danielle when she came in for her shift, delegating jobs to the other Healers, desperately grateful that they only had three patients on the ward and just one in active labour.

Her eyes continually darted between Malfoy’s room and the double doors of the ward entrance.

There was one thing that could be a potential blessing. If the response was as slow as any of the others she’d witnessed, the DMCPS wouldn’t be too quick off the mark. Like the hospital, they were woefully underfunded and understaffed. They simply didn’t have the personnel available to send someone out at a moment’s notice.

Hermione thought she might pass out with relief when she heard the click of the hospital room door opening another half an hour later. She watched as covertly as she could as McLaggen’s colleague stepped out first, closely followed by Cormac.

Cormac paused at the door, shaking Blaise’s hand and then speaking to Malfoy, who followed him out, resting a palm on the door jamb.

Their conversation seemed civil enough, Hermione thought. In fact, Malfoy looked considerably less tense than when she’d left him.

She was shocked to see Cormac smiling warmly and laughing at something Malfoy said, and she almost fell down when she saw the two men shake hands before Cormac pulled Malfoy into a brief, one-armed hug, the other hand patting Malfoy on the back as he murmured something into his ear. Draco nodded and patted Cormac on the back in return.

Both men looked up at her then, and Hermione quickly cut her eyes away, flushing with embarrassment at her own nosiness. She quickly busied herself with her paperwork, not looking up as Cormac approached the desk again.

‘We’ll be off now.’ He said. ‘Any sign of the DMCPS?’

Hermione shook her head.

‘They’ll be here soon,’ he continued. ‘They’re going to want reports on Malfoy’s behaviour. Draco said you’re the Healer in charge of his baby’s care?’

‘Yes, mostly,’ Hermione agreed. ‘I was with them the night Aurora was born.’

‘And? How do you think he’s coping so far?’

Hermione raised her chin defensively.

‘He’s been incredible.’ She said truthfully. ‘Even with all that he’s going through, he has prioritised Aurora’s care over everything else. He is a very loving father.’

Cormac said nothing for a moment. His eyes moved over her face, her tense shoulders, down to her fist tightly clenched around her quill.

‘And in your professional opinion, Hermione, do you think Draco Malfoy is stable enough to look after his child alone?’

Hermione paused. Cormac held her gaze, raising his eyebrows in question, but Hermione didn’t sense that he was trying to catch her out. His body language was open, his expression interested.

She thought back to Malfoy’s brief panic attacks, his fight to keep himself in control when Aurora cried, the painfully obvious depth of his grief.

Was Draco Malfoy exceedingly fragile? Yes. But did she think he could look after Aurora?

Absolutely.

‘I do.’ She said eventually. ‘With support from his friends and family, obviously. The hospital has procedures for this kind of thing - The family will be receiving additional visits from us due to the circumstances of their situation. From what I’ve seen, Malfoy is very involved with Aurora’s care, very willing to learn. I think he will be an excellent father.’

Hermione’s heart was pounding as she answered, hoping desperately that what she was saying was true.

She wanted it to be true.

Draco and Aurora would need each other in order to overcome Astoria’s loss - separating them was the worst thing that could happen.

She forced herself to hold Cormac’s eye, hoping that nothing but conviction showed on her face. Cormac nodded slowly, smiling a little sadly at her.

‘Good.’ He said quietly. ‘Good. I’m glad. I’ve worked with Malfoy several times when he’s freelanced for us as a cursebreaker. I actually think he’s a pretty decent bloke these days. He doesn’t deserve this.’

Hermione shook her head. ‘No one does.’

She swallowed, suddenly afraid she might cry again and wishing she could separate her emotions a little more. She felt like she was flayed raw by just witnessing Malfoy struggle. She couldn’t imagine how he was actually feeling underneath his controlled facade.

‘So,’ Cormac said, as his colleague approached. ‘You get this recorded officially on paper. Make sure you include everything you just told me, yeah? Ensure Child Services know there is a support network in place, that you believe he is capable of looking after his own child.’

Hermione peered up at McLaggen, finding a newfound respect for him that she could never have imagined having back at school.

‘I will.’ She breathed. ‘Thank you, Cormac.’

He smiled then, his tongue running over his teeth as, in a true revert to type, he flashed her a salacious wink.

‘No worries, sweetheart. Hopefully catch you soon.’

And with that, he immediately Apparated away, grinning widely as he went.

Hermione huffed indignantly, frowning at the space where Cormac had just been. Sweetheart? Doll? Who the bloody hell did he think he was?

She glanced up, pausing when she saw Malfoy still standing outside the hospital room, his mouth twisting as he appeared to be considering something. He ran a hand through his hair, twitching forward slightly as though he was going to come towards her.

Suddenly, a piercing cry came from behind him, and his head jerked back as Aurora started to wail. Malfoy turned at once, everything other than his daughter immediately forgotten. He disappeared into the room, the door snicking shut behind him.

Hermione stood for a moment at the desk, just needing to gather herself after the events of the evening. Despite her exhaustion, she knew she couldn’t go home. She had to be the one to write the report. Ever the control freak, Hermione didn’t trust anyone else to get it right. She also wanted to be there if an agent arrived, heaven forbid they spoke to Ernie instead.

With a deep, worn-out sigh, she left to go and find Mike who was just finishing ward rounds, pulling the curtain back around an expectant mother who was in for observation. She let him know that she would be in her office for the duration of the night, that she wasn’t officially on shift, but if anyone came from the CPS to summon her immediately. It was a testament to who she was as a person that Mike didn’t even question it. Instead, he gave her a knowing look. This wasn’t the first time Hermione had slept in her office, it certainly wouldn’t be the last.

‘Of course,’ he said. ‘I’ll get you immediately if they come.’ She placed a hand on his arm in tired thanks and then made her way to her office, locking the door behind her.

She sat behind her small desk, fished her mobile from the drawer and typed out a quick message to Harry letting him know she wasn’t coming home. Then she took out a fresh sheet of parchment and picked up her quill from her ink pot.

Hermione began to write.



* * *



It was around an hour later when she was disturbed by a tentative knock on the door.

Hermione inhaled sharply, grabbing her wand from where she’d left it on her desk. She ran it over her hair and robes to smooth them. A quick freshening charm later, and she was ready, unlocking the door to find Mike standing there.

‘They’re here.’ He said. ‘They’re asking for one of us to sit in on the meeting with Malfoy.’

Hermione took a deep breath. ‘Yes, I’m ready.’

The ward was quiet, the light dimmed as Hermione made her way down the corridor, clutching her report. The heels of her shoes clicked on the tiles as her robes bustled at her feet.

When she got to the room, she knocked and entered, finding an absolutely drained-looking Malfoy sitting on the transfigured sofa, giving Aurora a bottle. He had changed again, this time into a soft-looking grey round neck sweater over a white shirt. Aurora was wrapped in a knitted blanket, wearing a little striped baby-grow.

Blaise stood behind Malfoy, his back pressed to the wall, one leg bent to push the sole of his pointed leather shoe against it. He also looked exhausted, brown eyes bloodshot and glassy.

Sitting on a plastic chair opposite Malfoy was a small, mousy-haired woman clad in loose-fitting beige robes. She had a notebook and quill in her hand, her watery blue eyes darting to Hermione as she entered, her nerves immediately apparent.

‘Good evening.’ Hermione said. ‘I’m Chief Mediwitch Hermione Granger. I run the Neonatal ward, and I’ve been in charge of the Malfoy family's care over the last few days.’

‘Oh, hello, Miss Granger. Thank you for your time.’ The woman said tremulously. ‘My name is Delith Thomas. I was just explaining the purpose of my visit to Mr Zabini and Mr Malfoy.’

Hermione nodded, waiting for her to go on.

‘As you know, I’m from the Department of Magical Child Protective Services.’ She cleared her throat delicately. ‘Our job is to ensure that all children within our jurisdiction are living in a safe environment and that the adults in charge of their care are able to look after them competently.’

Hermione’s eyes darted to Malfoy. He was still feeding Aurora, outwardly calm, but there was a tremor in his hand, his fingers clutching the bottle so tightly his knuckles were white.

‘Now, Mr Malfoy. I’d like to start, first and foremost, by saying how sorry I am for your loss. The death of a spouse is no easy thing, particularly at such a momentous time.’

Malfoy twitched, his nostrils flaring. He managed the briefest nod, not looking at Delith or anyone else. Behind him, Blaise shifted slightly, his stance belaying his irritation.

‘At the DMCPS, our priority is keeping families together. We have no interest in separating you from your baby unless we absolutely have to.’ Malfoy’s eyes flickered up to Delith’s face just briefly at that, then back down to Aurora.

She had finished her bottle now and was beginning to squirm a little. He placed the bottle down on the arm of the sofa and then gently lifted her onto his shoulder where he had a small muslin square already draped. He began patting Aurora’s back, wiping her mouth delicately with the corner of the cloth as he murmured things only Aurora could hear.

Aurora didn’t settle, her little body twisting as she began to grumble.

Malfoy stood, unfolding his long body from the sofa and pacing slowly, rubbing his hand up and down her back until she calmed, then he cupped the back of her head in one palm, his thumb stroking her downy hair in a comforting rhythm.

‘Please, continue.’ He said crisply.

‘As I said, Mr Malfoy. As Aurora’s father, you have automatic parental rights. First and foremost, that is the current situation.’

Malfoy’s relief was palpable, his features softening just barely.

‘However.’

A sharp inhale of breath.

‘We have received documentation from your late wife’s family, which raises some potential concerns around your capability in raising Aurora alone.’

Hermione felt her stomach revolt, an icy trepidation beginning to seep through her. Malfoy barely reacted other than to give a small nod.

He already knew.

He already knew that his in-laws were doing this to him.

Now. When he was already going through so much.

Hermione felt sick with rage on his behalf.

‘Now, this is coming from a place of love, of course. They made that clear in their correspondence. They just want what’s best for their granddaughter.

The Greengrasses have made it clear they have no intention of obtaining a court order at this point. However, they are looking into their options as to how they can secure guaranteed, regular access to Aurora.’

Malfoy smirked, not a hint of humour in it.

‘A place of love.’ He muttered. ‘Right.’

‘The Greengrasses don’t have a leg to stand on.’ Blaise put in. ‘Regardless of what they want, the legislation is crystal clear. Draco is her father, and he is more than capable. Any access they will have to Aurora will be decided solely by him.’

‘That is technically correct.’ Delith agreed. ‘However, I am duty-bound to make you aware that certain red flags have been triggered as far as our responsibility to Aurora’s care goes.’

‘What does that mean?’ Malfoy asked, his arms tightening around his baby. The hitch in his chest was barely noticeable, but his voice was strained, his jaw tensed.

Blaise moved from the wall to stand at Malfoy’s side, his brown eyes suddenly razor sharp.

The CPS agent glanced at Hermione briefly.

‘For your confidentiality, we won’t go into details now, Mr Malfoy. Suffice to say that certain events in your past do make you, and by extension, Aurora, vulnerable. Do you still see a Mind Healer?’

Malfoy paled, and Blaise’s eyes snapped to his face, a small line between his eyebrows.

‘No,’ Malfoy replied. ‘I- I haven’t needed to for some time.’

‘Well, we’re going to require that you do now. Regularly. The Ministry will provide you with a designated Healer, specifically trained in bereavement support.‘

Malfoy didn’t look up, his jaw working, his pulse thrumming in the side of his neck. He nodded sharply.

‘We will be conducting interviews with hospital staff and collecting their reports. We will also be making regular home visits at random. We need to check that Aurora is being raised in a suitable environment.’

Blaise scoffed quietly, but Malfoy remained calm, inscrutable.

‘That’s fine.’ He replied, sounding exhausted.

‘Do you have any support? Family? Friends?’ Delith asked, her voice gentle.

‘Yes,’ Malfoy replied. ‘Friends, no family.’

Hermione frowned. No family? Where was Narcissa?

‘I have already arranged to stay with a friend so that I can get some help. He owns a penthouse apartment close by.‘

‘That’s great.’ Delith said encouragingly. ‘It’s very good that you will have support, especially in these first few sleepless weeks and with so much to organise. But don’t you think it might be better to start as you mean to go on? Maybe see if the friend will stay with you instead? Get Aurora used to her own house?’

Malfoy shook his head vehemently.

‘I - I can’t - I’m not ready to return home at present.’

Delith seemed to catch on and nodded, pulling a sympathetic face.

‘Alright,’ she said softly. ‘That’s fine. I understand. You’ll need to give me your current address before I leave. I believe you have already had a visit from the Aurors?’

Malfoy nodded brusquely. ‘Yes. They’ve been. Although I’m still at a loss to understand why an Auror visit was deemed necessary two days after the death of my wife.’

‘I’m so sorry about that.’ Delith replied. ‘It’s procedure when a concern has been raised. Particularly for someone with your… background.’ She pursed her lips slightly, her eyes subconsciously drifting to Malfoy’s covered forearm.

‘However, the Aurors found nothing of concern. Their report indicates that they believe you pose no risk to Aurora.’

At that moment, Hermione really thought Malfoy was going to break. His composure slipped, just momentarily. He looked like he might either spontaneously combust or completely fall apart.

‘No,’ he murmured through a tightly clenched jaw. ‘I do not pose a risk to my daughter.’

Blaise stepped forward, putting a hand on Malfoy’s shoulder and squeezing. Either in warning or as comfort. Hermione thought maybe it was both.

‘Miss Granger. Can you also provide a report, please? I’m sure you’ve written plenty of these before. We need your professional input to add to our file for this case.’

‘I already have it.’ Hermione said, her hand shaking as she passed over the parchment.

‘It states here that I fully believe that Mr Malfoy is more than capable of looking after his daughter. He has demonstrated nothing but competency with regard to her care. He has been loving and involved. Even whilst processing his loss, Mr Malfoy has prioritised Aurora’s wellbeing above everything else. There is no question in my mind that she will be doted upon by her father and that he can provide everything Aurora needs and more.’

Hermione took a deep breath, the strain of keeping her voice level and calm stretching the limits of her capabilities.

She chanced a glance over at Malfoy. He was staring at her, his eyes wide and stormy, his lips pressed tightly together. Hermione was heartbroken to see that there was a hint of dampness on his lashes.

Delith peered down at the parchment filled with Hermione’s small, compact script, her pale blue eyes widening slightly.

‘This is…very detailed. Thank you.’ Hermione nodded, clasping her hands together and pressing them between her knees.

‘Okay.’ Delith said, rising to stand. ‘This is all I need for tonight. Mr Malfoy, you’re free to take Aurora home when the hospital discharges her. We will contact you to arrange a home visit in the next few days. Thank you for your time, and I’m sorry this had to be done during such difficult circumstances.’

Malfoy didn’t respond. His chest was hitching a little more now - something Hermione was quickly becoming able to recognise as a sign that he was barely holding on, even when he tried his best to hide it.

‘Thank you.’ Blaise said, stepping forward to usher Delith out. He towered above the tiny woman, quiet fury coming off him in waves, although he managed to maintain a polite, gentlemanly facade.

Delith looked relieved as she stepped out of the room, breathing in air that wasn’t full of despair and magic and tightly restrained anger.

Blaise said nothing as he swung the door shut, but Hermione didn’t miss the silencing charm he cast on the room.

‘Dray.’ He took a step towards Malfoy, who was now hunched over slightly on the couch, Aurora snuggled tightly in the crook of one arm, his face tipped down to hers so that only the top of his tousled blonde head was visible.

‘Draco.’ Blaise said again, his voice cracking slightly, his expression pained. Malfoy held up a hand without looking up, and Hermione realised with horror that his shoulders were shaking, his entire body suddenly spasming as one small, anguished sob forced it’s way up from his chest and she watched two fat tears fall from his lashes to land on Aurora’s blanket, soaking the soft wool.

‘It’s okay, it’s okay.’ Blaise murmured. He was at Malfoy’s side in an instant, one hand on his trembling knee.

‘Dray, it’s all gonna be alright.’ He soothed. ‘Nothing is going to happen. They - those fucking cunts. They can’t do anything, okay? They can’t take her from you. They have no legal rights, no viable reason.’

Malfoy didn't or couldn’t respond, completely overcome with emotion as he clutched his baby and rocked back and forth, his body wracked with the force of his pain. Blaise wrapped one hand around the back of his neck, the fingers of the other flexing on his knee as Malfoy let go of everything he’d been holding in all night.

‘Bla-Blaise,’ he gasped out. ‘What the fuck is happening? This has to be a dream, right? I’m going to wake up, and Astoria will be here and none of this will be true… we.. we will be a family, back at the manor and no one will be trying to take my baby away…’ His chest heaved again, his breath coming in short, harsh bursts. ‘Blaise,’ he said again. ‘Please, tell me. Tell me this isn’t real.. I can’t.. I can’t.’

Blaise squeezed his eyes shut. He said nothing because he couldn’t.

This was real.

This was the situation, and nothing anyone did could change it.

Hermione watched them for a moment, sorrow and sympathy freezing her to the spot. It took her a moment to realise that she was staring, and Malfoy probably wouldn’t want her there, witnessing him come undone so completely.

She rose to stand, but Malfoy shot out a hand.

‘Granger... Don’t go.’ He muttered. He dashed at his eyes before looking up at her. ‘I’m okay. I don’t want you to go. I need to- thank you so much for that report. You didn’t need to-‘

Hermione shook her head. ‘I did need to, Draco. And I meant every word. I can't believe they are doing this to you, especially now.’

Malfoy let out a shuddering breath. ‘They haven’t even seen Astoria for months, they barely ever come back from France.’ He shook his head disbelievingly. ‘But when they have come to visit, things have always been civil. I mean.. even after my family’s…downfall, my sentencing.. they still supported the betrothal, encouraged it in fact. The Malfoy vault was a motivating factor, I’m sure.’ He added bitterly. ‘But I never thought… I didn’t think they’d do this. Never this.’

He dragged a hand down his face. ‘Astoria would be devastated if she knew.’

‘Bastards.’ Blaise muttered again. ‘I want to kill them. I can’t even fathom how much you must want to.’

Malfoy’s eyes flashed briefly, but he just shook his head. ‘I can’t get angry about it now.’ He said. ‘If I let myself - if I lose control, I’m just giving them what they want. It’s what everyone expects me to do - what I’ve always done. But it’s not about me now. Aurora is the priority.’

‘Good man.’ Blaise said again, clapping him on the shoulder. ‘You’re right of course.’

Hermione thought, however, that despite his words, Blaise still looked very much in support of the murder option instead.

The three of them sat in silence for a moment while Malfoy slowly got himself under control, his breathing slowly but surely evening out again, his face returning to its normal colour.

‘I’m just going to head out and make some calls.’ Blaise said after a few minutes. ‘I’ll let Pansy and Theo know that everything is alright. Pans is having an absolute conniption, she’s text me about thirty times. I’ll get you a cup of coffee, okay?’

Malfoy grimaced slightly but nodded. He waited until Blaise left, then looked back at Hermione.

‘Do you still think I’ll be able to take Aurora out of here tomorrow? Even with all this going on?’

‘Yes.’ She nodded. ‘You’re ready. Aurora’s ready.’

He nodded slowly. ‘Fuck, I’m absolutely shitting myself, Granger.’ He admitted, and she could hear the trepidation in his voice. ‘But I can’t say I’m not looking forward to sleeping in a real bed. And getting a decent cup of coffee.’

‘Food too.’ Hermione reminded him. ‘You need to eat more. You need to keep your own strength up too, not just Aurora’s.’

‘Yeah. I will. I just…’ he pulled a face. ‘The food here is..’

Hermione laughed. ‘Understandable.’

‘You’ll be here to see us off tomorrow?’ He asked, his voice tentative. ‘I know I keep asking a lot of you. It’s just… you’ve made this fucking awful time so much more bearable. I don’t want to leave without saying goodbye.’

‘As if I wouldn’t be here.’ Hermione said with a soft smile. ‘I’ll make sure you’re set up with everything to go home. I’ll be needing another cuddle with Aurora before you leave, too.’

Malfoy smiled suddenly, and it was beautiful. It made Hermione’s heart squeeze to see that, despite everything, there was still the smallest light in his eyes, the barest hint of dimples appearing on his cheeks.

‘Keep it a secret, but she told me you’re her favourite Healer too, even though you jabbed her with a massive needle.’

‘Oh, she said that, did she?’ Hermione laughed. ‘Well then, Aurora is clearly a smart girl already.’

‘That goes without saying.’ Malfoy said, glancing down at his daughter adoringly. ‘She definitely doesn’t get it from me.’

Hermione raised an eyebrow, thinking back to the observation charms.

‘She’s lucky to have you.’ She said quietly. ‘I truly believe that.’

Malfoy’s smile flickered, just slightly. ‘I hope so, Granger. You seem to have a lot more faith in me not to balls this up than I do.’

‘You will be fine.’ Hermione sat back, exhaustion hitting her full force once again. ‘See you in the morning?’ She asked, rising to stand.

‘Yeah.’ Malfoy said. ‘I’ll see you tomorrow.’ He stood up from the couch, walking with her to stand at the door.

‘And Granger,’ he seemed to be struggling with something as he pressed down the handle and opened the door a fraction. ‘I need to say this. Even though I know we’re probably way past due and it means very little now. But I am - I’m sorry, for everything I did to you in school. The things I said, the way I acted. I’m so utterly ashamed of it all -‘

‘Draco.’ Hermione said. ‘There’s no need. It’s all in the past. And truthfully, from what I’ve seen over these last few days, you’re nothing like the person I thought you were in school.’

He barked out a surprised laugh. ‘Well thank fuck for that.’ He breathed.‘That means a lot.’

Hermione stepped out into the corridor and, with a small wave, she began walking away, dragging her feet with the heaviness of her exhaustion.

‘For the record, Granger,’ Malfoy said softly, and she turned around to look at him, standing in the doorway, tall and pale, his baby cradled protectively in his arms.

‘You’re everything I thought you were.’



Selbindery Instagram





Chapter End Notes

😭😭 Next chapter will be lighter I promise! We get more Theo and Pansy, more Harry and finally Draco gets to take Aurora home! (To Theo’s house of all places)

We also get some more hints of possible things to come!!! 🤍🤍

Thank you to the lovely Selbindery for this cutieeeeee art of Draco and Aurora! So adorable!





Chapter 5: No I won’t be afraid


Chapter Notes

See the end of the chapter for notes



Hermione remained standing in the corridor long after Malfoy shut the door, her fatigued mind desperately trying to process the last words he’d said.

What… had he thought she was?

During their time in school, he’d told her she was annoying, told her that her hair was bushy, and her teeth were too big. He’d called her dirty, called her a Mudblood. Her left arm prickled under her robes, but Hermione barely noticed it.

Because Malfoy hadn’t been talking about any of those things.

He’d said the words with soft eyes and a gentle smile, as though he was paying her a compliment. He’d apologised for the things he’d said, so what had he thought? Was it something else?

It was as though she had short-circuited, her brain unable to get her feet to move until she’d sorted through her jumble of exhausted emotions.

‘Hermione? Are you okay?’

She blinked, pulled from her stupor by Danielle, who was inexplicably standing right next to her, staring into her face with a concerned expression, one hand reaching out as if to steady her.

‘Oh, yes. Sorry.’ Hermione replied, forcing herself to smile reassuringly, although truthfully she felt a little woozy.

‘I think…I’m just really, really tired.’

‘Yes, well, you’ve worked some pretty gnarly hours this week, even for you.’ Danielle murmured, her hand still hovering between them. ‘You’re looking a bit peaky, if you don’t mind me saying.’

‘No. You’re right.’ Hermione replied, and she allowed Danielle to rest a hand on her lower back and guide her as they made their way towards the front desk. ‘I need to go home.’

‘Healer Granger?’ She looked up to see one of the Mediwitches from Triage heading their way, her face grim and a fat scroll of Maternity notes clutched in one hand.

‘No.’ Danielle hissed, a warning in her tone. ‘I’ll deal with it. You need to go before you fall over.’

Hermione dithered for a minute, but Danielle glared at her, her usually kind brown eyes narrowed ferociously. Hermione gave in - Danielle was more than capable of dealing with whatever the situation was.

‘Alright,’ she said weakly. ‘I’ll go.’

‘Good. Go get some rest. It’s all under control.’

Danielle gave her hand a small squeeze and then marched down the corridor towards the Mediwitch, long braids flying out behind her.

Hermione didn’t hang around any longer. She’d now been at the hospital for sixteen hours, and she was coming back in another ten. She grabbed her things from her office and headed immediately back out towards the Floos, thankful that no one else accosted her on her way through.

As she walked through the main foyer, she caught sight of Blaise, impossible to miss in his sharply cut suit among the other rumpled late-night patrons of the St Mungo’s hospital cafe. He was paying for two coffees, his phone pressed between his jaw and his shoulder as he murmured quietly into it.

She waved as she passed, and he held up a hand to indicate she should wait, quickly putting down a handful of galleons and hanging up the phone before jogging over, coffees in hand.

‘Hermione, I’m glad I caught you. I’ll be quick, don’t worry. I can see you need to get out of here.’

‘It’s okay.’ She replied. ‘Everything alright?’

‘Yeah, yeah. I just wanted to - needed to - thank you for what you did for Malfoy in there. The fact that you’ve gone out of your way for him, even with the history you two have. I know it means a lot to Draco. He’s incredibly grateful. We all are.’

‘Oh,’ Hermione breathed, moved once again by how loved Malfoy was by his friends. ‘Of course. It’s my job.’

‘He said you keep saying that.’ Blaise grinned. ‘But we both know you could have asked someone else to deal with Aurora’s aftercare, and you didn’t need to take the time to write such a detailed report in support of him.’

Hermione didn’t know what to say. She opened her mouth and closed it again, swaying slightly on her feet.

‘I’d better get back to him,’ Blaise said. ‘And you look like you desperately need some rest. But just know, you did something incredible tonight, Granger. In fact… I think you might have even saved my friend’s life.’ He swallowed thickly and then smiled again, although it looked a little wobbly.

‘I’ll see you soon.’

Blaise turned and headed back towards Malfoy’s room, striding purposefully up the corridor, his wand sticking up out of one back pocket, his phone pushed into the other. Hermione watched him go, tears burning in her tired eyes once again.



* * *



She didn’t think she’d ever been as wrung out as she was after getting back from the hospital that night. Even with all the difficult deliveries she’d overseen, the struggling mothers she had guided through the trials of the first few hours and days - she’d never allowed herself to become quite so emotionally depleted.

The flat was quiet when Hermione let herself in. Harry’s bedroom door yawned wide open, indicating he wasn’t home yet. She remembered him mentioning he had a date that night and could only assume it had gone well.

She debated going to bed on an empty stomach but knew it would just wake her earlier, so she made her way sluggishly to the kitchen, finding what she needed for a cheese salad sandwich and laying it all out on the counter.

The sound of muttering from the hallway a moment later alerted her to Harry’s return, along with a light tug on the flat’s wards. Hermione glanced up from the tomato she’d been slicing to look at the glowing light on the front of the cooker - the date had definitely gone well then.

Harry stumbled in through the door, his eyes bloodshot, shirt unbuttoned to his sternum under his coat, his hair a wild halo around his head. Hermione’s eyes widened at the violent purple lovebites creeping up his throat.

‘Mione,’ he slurred with a tired smile. ‘You’re home. I thought you were staying at the hospital?’

He yanked off his coat and dragged himself to the couch, flopping onto it with a groan before stretching out, his feet dangling over the arm.

‘I didn’t need to in the end,’ Hermione replied. ‘Hopefully, the problem is resolved for now. Sandwich?’

‘Mmm, yeah,’ Harry groaned appreciatively. ‘That sounds perfect. Need any help?’

‘Not from you.’ She retorted. ‘You’d end up chopping your fingers off. I can smell the alcohol on you from here.’

‘Fair enough. I’m absolutely bloody shitfaced.’

‘Harry!’ Hermione admonished. ‘Don’t you have work tomorrow?’

‘Ugh, don’t remind me. I’m a stupid man. I should have come home earlier, I know.’

‘It was a good date, then?’

‘Awful, actually. It’s why I ended up drinking so much. I was trying to trick myself into thinking the crap he was droning on about was halfway interesting.’

Hermione pulled a sympathetic grimace as she put the two thick sandwiches she’d made onto plates and made her way to the sofa, nudging Harry’s thigh with her knee until he cracked open one eye and moved for her, sitting up with a groan and pinching the bridge of his nose below his glasses.

‘Fuck. I’m going to regret tonight so much in the morning.’ He took a huge bite of the sandwich she handed him, tearing off a rough chunk like an animal, his drunkenness even more apparent up close.

‘Mmm… this is… delicious.. thanks.’ He muttered between ravenous bites, and Hermione had to laugh. Harry declared that every sandwich she made was delicious, but that was because they were the only thing she ever made.

Hermione had many talents, but cooking was not one of them.

Harry, however, was an excellent cook, a leftover skill from his childhood where he’d been forced to cook for the Dursleys, and so that was one job she mostly left up to him.

Her sandwiches were pretty good though, she had to admit, biting gratefully into her own.

They sat in silence for a moment, both of their eyes half shut with exhaustion as they chewed.

‘How were Malfoy and Aurora today?’ Harry asked eventually, putting his empty plate on the coffee table and sagging sideways, resting his head on her shoulder.

‘Ugh, I can’t talk about it now, I’ll get upset again.’ She replied, running her fingers absently through Harry’s tangled waves.

‘But the short version is, they sent Aurors to the hospital, Cormac McLaggen and someone else I didn’t recognise, and then after that, the DMCPS.’

Harry sat up a bit, turning to look at the side of her face. ‘They did? Why? What did Malfoy do?’

‘He - nothing.’ Hermione replied. ‘You’re too drunk, and it’s too late for me to tell you now. But it’s all mostly okay, I think. I’m going to see them off at the hospital tomorrow.’

She felt, rather than saw Harry’s surprise, his body stiffening slightly.

‘You are?’

‘Yes. I want to make sure the baby is okay and ready to be discharged.’ Hermione replied, ignoring the fact that it was only half the truth.

She finished her sandwich and let her plate rest on her thighs, dropping her head onto the top of Harry’s.

‘So… the date was crap, but your neck looks like you got attacked by the giant squid?’

‘Oh, yeah.’ Harry replied with a small, huffed laugh. ‘Those are from my date’s hot friend. Snuck off to the toilet in the Leaky for a quick bit of privacy and left him at the bar.’

‘Harry James!’ Hermione gasped. ‘You’re a menace.’

Harry laughed again. ‘I fell onto his mouth. It was an accident, I swear.’

She smacked him on the arm as he looked up at her, grinning. ‘You do love me though, don’t you, Mi?’

‘I do, unfortunately,’ she admitted with an exaggerated sigh before pushing gently at Harry’s shoulder.

‘Right, off. I need to get to bed, and so do you.’

He groaned again, but heaved himself up, levitating their plates to the sink somewhat wonkily and then planting a kiss on her cheek before heading towards his room.

‘What time are you leaving for Mungo’s in the morning?’ He asked, leaning on the doorframe.

‘Nine. What about you?’

‘Same. Wake me for breakfast and you can fill me in on all the Malfoy drama.’

‘Will do,’ Hermione replied. ‘Love you, Harry.’

‘Love you.’

They both went into their separate bedrooms, and Hermione could only assume Harry immediately collapsed into bed, judging by the heavy snoring that came through the walls mere moments later.

She cast a silencing charm before brushing her teeth and crawling into her own bed, yawning as her head hit the pillow.

Despite her weariness, her brain was still buzzy, Malfoy’s words echoing in her ears.

‘You’re everything I thought you were.’

She ruminated over the words fruitlessly before she was too tired to try and understand them any longer and finally fell into a deep, black sleep.



* * *



The next morning, surprisingly, it was Harry who woke her, not the other way around. His Stag Patronus appeared in her bedroom, his voice breaking through the deep pit of exhaustion she still found herself in.

‘Guessing you can’t hear me knocking. Breakfast is on the table.’

Hermione groaned, pulling the blanket over her head for a minute more before throwing it back and forcing herself to get up. She pulled on some tartan pyjama bottoms and a red top and opened the door, the smell of coffee and food immediately sharpening her senses.

She gratefully sank into a seat at their small kitchen table and allowed Harry to present her with a mug of coffee and a huge veggie breakfast complete with beans, toast and fried eggs.

‘Thanks… Jesus, Harry,’ she mumbled through her first mouthful, motioning to the plate he set down for himself. ‘Could you have fit any more food on there?’

‘It’s soaking up the alcohol.’ He replied, taking a noisy slurp of his tea. ‘We’ve run out of hangover potion.’

‘That’s because I can’t keep up with your demand,’

Harry raised his eyebrows, smirking.

‘Excuse me, Mi, but I think you’ll find it was you with your head in the toilet last time Ginny came home.’

Hermione couldn’t even deny it. She wasn’t a big drinker and definitely couldn’t keep up with Ginny Weasley, who could drink most men they knew under the table. She and Ginny had gone to Hogsmeade on a ‘girls day’ and Hermione had thrown up in the flowers outside the train station less than two hours in. Ginny had brought her home and she and Harry had rubbed Hermione’s back and done a crap job of hiding their laughter while she hugged the toilet and swore she was never drinking again.

‘So,’ Harry said, lifting his glasses and grinding the heel of his palm into bleary green eyes.

‘Tell me what happened yesterday.’

Hermione took a deep breath and, in between mouthfuls of toast and large, fortifying sips of coffee, she filled him in on the entire day.

‘Barnaby Billings is Cormac’s partner,’ he informed her. ‘He’s a pretty nice guy. I’ve met him a few times, different department obviously.’

‘Have you ever worked with Malfoy?’ Hermione asked. ‘Cormac said that he’s worked with him several times.’

‘Just the once.’ Harry replied. ‘He came to help with a cursed house where we suspected some missing girls were being hidden. We kept our distance from each other to be honest, but I’ll tell you one thing, Mione, Draco Malfoy is a surprisingly powerful wizard.

I don’t know what kind of shit they were teaching him in his Death Eater days but his knowledge of Dark Magic and curses is second to none. It’s why Kingsley still hires Malfoy, even with all the controversy around him - there’s simply no one better.’

Hermione nodded her head. ‘I can tell. I can feel the magic coming off him. Also, he dismantled my newborn observation charms in a day and a half, just by watching me cast them. The basic version of those charms took me weeks to learn, and I’ve been perfecting and adding to them for years.’

Harry laughed. ‘Oh, I bet that went down well.’ He said.

‘Your academic rivalry from school back to rear its ugly head, hey?’

‘No,’ Hermione blurted, a little too quickly. ‘It’s impressive, that’s all. Especially seeing as he’s the got so much else going on.’

‘Well, that’s his speciality, isn’t it.’ Harry said. ‘He’s a cursebreaker. He literally pulls apart spells and curses for a living.’

‘He doesn’t need to work, though, does he? Heir to the Malfoy millions and all that.’

‘I got the impression from Kingsley that he doesn’t need to, he just wants to.’ Harry said, shrugging. ‘He’s tried hard to shake off his reputation since he got out of Azkaban. I guess it’s his way of helping undo some of the shit he was part of.’

‘I suppose that’s all he can do, now.’ Hermione mused.

‘People will never let him forget, though, Mione. The tattoos on his neck and arm are pretty damning and he can’t even glamour them away. He’s marked for life even if he has changed his views.’

‘We’ve moved on, though, haven’t we?’ Hermione felt her defensiveness rising again as Harry echoed what Ernie had said, although it was without the same vitriol.

‘It was twelve years ago, Harry. I thought we were all working to put the war behind us.’

‘We have.’ Harry replied. ‘Those of us who know better realise that people like Draco Malfoy had very little choice but to bow to Voldemort’s demands. But the facts are the facts, and a lot of people lost family members in that war. That’s a hard thing to move on from.’

A silence fell, both of them thinking as they often did of their own losses - Sirius, Fred, Lupin, Tonks, Lavender, Colin. The list was long.

‘Malfoy was a teenager, Harry,’ Hermione said after a moment. ‘We know he made choices that showed he wasn’t loyal to Voldemort. He’s paid his dues by now, surely?’

‘I agree,’ Harry said frankly. ‘Malfoy and I made our peace a long time ago. I’m just saying that no matter what he does, his reputation precedes him. His mother did all the charity stuff, and it helped, especially now Lucius is out of the picture, but Draco Malfoy has got to live with that stigma for the rest of his life.’

‘Well, now he’s a widower and a single father at twenty-nine.’ Hermione said bitterly, her throat tightening. ‘Maybe that will be enough for people to cut him some slack.’

Harry leaned over, squeezing her knee under the table.

‘You’re amazing, Mi.’ He said earnestly. ‘Your compassion really knows no limit, does it?’ She didn’t miss the way his eyes darted to her arm where the Mudblood scar still remained, a faint but tangible reminder of her own experiences at Malfoy Manor during the war.

‘I need to get dressed.’ She sighed, not feeling strong enough to go down that road. ‘I’ll clear up the breakfast things later.’

‘Don’t worry,’ Harry said. ‘I’ll do it.’

‘See you later.’ Hermione rose and began making her way back into her bedroom, her heart heavy, her arm throbbing.

Harry followed her into the hallway, and she turned as she felt him reach out for her hand.

‘Hey,’ he murmured softly. ‘Are you okay? I’m sorry if I upset you. I know these last few days have really gotten to you. Malfoy’s situation is shit and he definitely deserves sympathy and support. You’re doing the right thing by helping him out. I’m here, always. I’ve got your back, okay?’

‘I know you do.’ Hermione replied, winding her arms around Harry’s waist. ‘I just feel for him, that’s all. He hasn’t just lost his wife, he’s got the rest of the world to contend with, as well as the stress of a newborn and his in-laws trying to fight him for custody. It’s hard to see someone struggle so much.’

‘Well, it looks like he’s got you in his corner.’ Harry said. ‘So he’s got one thing going for him. I, of all people, know how much of an advantage it is to have Hermione Granger on my side.’

Hermione smiled. ‘Me, and his wildly protective group of friends.’

‘Oh right, yes.’ Harry murmured. ‘Theo. Theodore Nott.’

‘And Pansy and Blaise.’ Hermione reminded him.

‘Yeah.’ He replied absently. ‘Pansy and Blaise, too.’

‘Right. I really have to get ready.’ Hermione said, extricating herself reluctantly from Harry’s comforting embrace. ‘I desperately need a shower, and it’s already eight.’

‘Alright, I’ll see you tonight.’ Harry replied and hugged her once more before meandering back to the kitchen.



* * *



Hermione Apparated back to the hospital a little after nine. She wasn’t technically working, so she’d left her robes at home lest anyone think she was and start pulling her in different directions.

Instead, she wore Muggle jeans and a plain black, long-sleeved top, her hair down and clean after her shower, styled into corkscrew curls.

Ernie was the first person she saw when she walked onto the ward. He was coming out of one of the side rooms, a set of empty potion vials in his hands.

‘Hermione,’ he said, surprise in his voice. ‘What are you doing here? You aren’t on the rota for today.’

‘Morning, Ernie.’ She replied curtly. ‘I’ve just come in to oversee the Malfoy’s discharge.’

Ernie’s eyebrows shot up into his hairline.

‘You’ve come in on your day off to oversee a discharge?’ He repeated. ‘The Malfoy’s discharge?’

‘Yes.’ Hermione replied, feeling her blood heat. ‘I have. Do you have something to say about that?’

Her words were snapped, louder than she’d intended, her hands planted on her hips. Ernie seemed to be considering for a moment, his lips pressed into a thin, white line.

Hermione could see that, yes, he quite clearly had a great number of things he wanted to say, but wisely, he decided not to say them. Not to her, at least.

Instead, he simply shrugged, which was somehow even more infuriating and said, ‘It’s your day off. How you choose to spend it is none of my business.’ Before turning in the other direction and striding off.

Hermione stuck two fingers up behind his back, then made her way down to Malfoy’s room, anger simmering in her gut.

She knocked quietly on the door before entering, not sensing any wards this time.

‘Yes?’ Malfoy’s voice came through and she opened it slightly, poking her head in.

‘Granger!’ Theo exclaimed. ‘You came to see us off.’

They were all in there with him, Theo, Blaise and Pansy. Each one of them dressed impeccably as usual, their shirts, suit jackets and Pansy’s towering heels incongruous against the drab hospital decor. Hermione was quickly realising that none of the Slytherins did casual, regardless of the occasion.

They were gathered around what looked like a large pile of sweets, lollies and chocolate bars, all spread out on Malfoy’s bed.

Malfoy himself looked freshly shaven, his blonde hair damp and flicking around his ears.

He was wearing a crisp grey shirt tucked into tweed trousers, the darker colours highlighting the angles of his lean body. Aurora was peaceful, dozing in the crook of her father’s arm.

Hermione had to wonder how long she’d actually spent out of his arms since she’d been born.

‘Umm, yes sure,’ she replied, stepping into the room. ‘I came to do a few last checks on Aurora before she’s discharged.’

‘You aren’t wearing your robes,’ Malfoy said quietly, a small line creasing between his eyebrows.

‘Um, no. I'm not technically on shift today.’

‘You’re not?’ His eyes softened, the frown line smoothing out. ‘But…you came in?’

‘Yes.’ Hermione felt her cheeks heat under the collective gaze of all four adults in the room.

‘I promised I would.’

Malfoy’s eyes still hadn’t left hers. He looked as though he wanted to say something, his lips parting on an inhale, but then Theo gestured towards her.

‘Care for a sweetie, Sweetie?’ He asked. ‘We finally found something Malfoy has an appetite for. Loves a Percy Pig, does Draco.’

Hermione stepped closer to the bed, getting a better look at the packets they were eating from.

‘Muggle sweets?’ She asked, confused. ‘You like Muggle sweets?’

Pansy laughed. ‘Draco likes all types of sweets, darling. The man is a certified sugar fiend.’

‘Wouldn’t think it to look at him, would you?’ Theo patted Malfoy’s toned stomach through his shirt, earning himself what looked like a wandless stinging jinx.

‘Ow!’ He jerked his hand back, laughing. ‘Rude.’

Hermione chose not to answer Theo’s question. ‘It’s only nine am.’ She said instead.

‘And? Come on, Golden Girl,’ Theo teased with a wide grin. ‘Go wild, have a sweet.’

Hermione frowned to hide her smile and reached into the packet, taking one of the pig-shaped treats.

‘I love these.’ She said, popping one in her mouth.

‘I get them for Draco every time I go shopping in Muggle London,’ Pansy said. ‘I thought they might finally tempt him to eat something.’

Hermione fixed Malfoy with a stern look. ‘You need to eat more than sweets, I told you that last night.’

‘Don’t worry,’ Theo said. ‘He’ll eat like a king when he gets back to my place. The manor elves have already been over and stuffed the fridge full of food.’

Hermione opened her mouth but Malfoy cut her off, pulling the round red lolly he’d been sucking out from between his teeth and holding it aloft by the stick.

‘They’re free elves. Don’t shout at me.’ He said, with an almost imperceptible eye roll. ‘They were all set free after my father’s death, but a few of them decided to stay with Astoria and I.

I never make them do anything they don’t want to. They are happy, paid well, and they can leave at any time.’

Hermione closed her mouth again, swallowing down the words that he’d correctly predicted had been on the tip of her tongue.

Malfoy’s eyes glinted, the ghost of a smirk curling the corners of his mouth as one blonde eyebrow raised just slightly.

He crunched his lolly so loudly it was almost obnoxious, pulling out the stick and throwing it into the bin before taking a Percy Pig and eating that too. Hermione felt her own lips twitch up in response as she forced herself not to bite.





‘So,’ she said, changing the subject. ‘Before you go, we need to do Aurora’s final weigh-in, one last check of her hearing and reflexes, and I’ll give you your Red Book.’

‘Red Book?’

‘It’s a record book we use. It charts her weight and length so we can make sure she’s growing as we want her to. Every week you’ll bring her in to get those things checked, although our community midwives will do that for you for the first month or so.’

‘This community midwife.’ Malfoy said, his nose wrinkling slightly. ‘What qualifications does she have? The same as the Mediwitches here? Does she know that Aurora was born early, that she needs extra care?’

‘Draco, of course.’ Hermione said. ‘I’ve taken a look to see who they’ve assigned. Your community Midwife is Clara Curlew. She’s very experienced and very nice. She will take excellent care of Aurora.’

His jaw firmed. ‘Fine.’ He muttered, although he didn’t look remotely convinced, a frown still darkening his features.

Hermione thought she might need to gently warn Clara beforehand about how Malfoy could be.

‘Have you given the front desk your current address yet?’ She asked.

‘No. That twatty one was out there earlier,’ Malfoy said, handing her a slip of parchment with an address scribbled on it. ‘Mac-knobhead- Millan.’

‘Oh!’ Hermione couldn’t help exclaiming as she read the address. Predictably, the apartment was at the top of one of the most eye-wateringly expensive blocks in Wizarding London, however - ‘This is just down the road from Harry and I,’ she said. ‘We live in Thornbush Hill.’

‘You do?’ Malfoy said at the same time that Theo blurted, ‘Harry? As in Harry Potter?’

Pansy said nothing, pulling a sympathetic face at the news of Hermione’s considerably more downmarket postcode.

‘Are you guys married then?’ Blaise asked interestedly, and Hermione almost burst out laughing.

‘No, we’re just friends. Harry is gay.’

The sound of choking pulled her eyes to Theo. He coughed and heaved on the sweet he’d inhaled as Blaise thumped his back, blue eyes streaming.

‘He’s gay?’ He spluttered, as soon as he could catch his breath. ‘Harry Potter is gay?’

Hermione nodded as Pansy asked, ‘Wasn’t he seeing that Weasley girl for a while, though? The one who knocked Draco off his broom in sixth year?’

‘Fuck off, Pans,’ Malfoy muttered as Theo and Blaise sniggered behind him. ‘I dived off because I didn’t want to hurt her.’

Hermione remembered that day, and Ginny’s pride over the moment well - she’d definitely knocked him off.

‘Sure you did.’ Blaise laughed, and Malfoy whipped his head around to scowl ferociously at him.

‘Ah, that relationship was short-lived.’ She replied. ‘They both quickly realised that they preferred members of the same sex.’

‘But you live together?’ Theo said, clearly not ready to change the subject. ‘Does that mean you’re both single?’

‘Currently, yes.’ Hermione replied, embarrassed by the line of questioning. It had all suddenly become a bit too personal - she was here to work, not talk about her love life.

‘Anyway,’ she said breezily. ‘Back to Aurora.’

She flicked her hair over her shoulder and reached for the baby, clearly indicating she was done with the conversation.

She did not, however, miss Theo’s wide-eyed expression as he grinned at Pansy who arched one perfectly plucked eyebrow and smirked back at him. What was that about? She wondered.

Malfoy passed Aurora over carefully, his eyes fixed on his baby as Hermione got her comfortable in her arms. His fingers twitched as Aurora let out a small sound of protest at being separated from her father, but he lowered them to his sides as Hermione rocked her gently, settling her quickly and efficiently.

‘Are you okay to come with me now, Draco?’ She asked. ‘We’ll take Aurora into one of the examination rooms where I have a weighing scale.’

‘Sure.’ Malfoy said, stepping towards the door and holding it open for her.

He followed closely behind her as they made their way the short distance down the corridor, staring intimidatingly at Ernie, who was still behind the front desk. Hermione couldn’t be quite sure she didn’t see Malfoy mouth the word, ‘cunt,’ as they passed, although she’d certainly deny it if questioned on the matter. Ernie paled, suddenly intensely interested in whatever was written on the parchment in front of him.

The ward was busier than the day before, and Hermione sensed Malfoy’s discomfort as they moved past people in the corridor, some of whom watched them curiously, whispering behind their hands.

His chest seemed to puff up as he moved even closer to her and Aurora, his elbow brushing her shoulder. He was like a guard dog, hackles raised, primed to attack at the slightest provocation.

Hermione felt a small prickle of worry at his level of anxiety, wondering how he would hold it together once he had to take Aurora out into the real world.

When they reached the examination room, she waited for him to open the door and led Malfoy inside, sensing his relief once the door swung shut behind them.

Hermione laid Aurora gently down on the changing table, frowning as she felt Malfoy’s cleansing charm zip past her and settle over the changing mat.

She turned to raise her eyebrows at him, but he just shrugged. ‘Can’t be too careful,’ he murmured. Hermione shook her head, turning back to Aurora, who was making her displeasure at being disturbed known.

Her little pink mouth opened wide as she let out a loud, unhappy wail.

‘Shall I pick her up?’ Malfoy asked, hovering.

‘It’s better if we get this done quickly.’ Hermione replied. ‘Most babies don’t enjoy this, but the sooner it’s done, the sooner you can leave.’

He stepped back, but only slightly, Hermione could still feel him close behind her, craning his neck over her shoulder.

‘Oh, I’m sorry, baby girl,’ she muttered as she gently unwrapped Aurora’s blanket. ‘I’ll be quick.’

She completed the reflex and hearing tests swiftly, and then explained to Malfoy that he needed to undress her for weighing.

Aurora was wearing another collared babygrow, this one a soft dusky pink with tiny bows embroidered on it.

Malfoy undressed her carefully, his long fingers undoing the buttons and wrapping around her delicate limbs gingerly as he pulled the babygrow off her arms and legs and slipped her white vest over her head.

Hermione stepped over to the scales.

‘Nappy too.’ She instructed, and he nodded, murmuring to Aurora as he pulled off the tabs. Aurora kicked her legs and waved her arms about, her little cries getting louder. Malfoy grimaced, sliding the nappy out from under her and casting a quick cleansing charm.

‘Okay. Bring her over.’ Hermione said once she’d prepared her scales.

He picked Aurora up, cradling her close.

‘Sorry, my little lady.’ She heard him say, his voice low against her cheek. ‘This won’t take long.’

He placed her down on the scales and watched anxiously as Hermione weighed her, teeth pressed hard into his lower lip.

‘Great,’ she said. ‘Six pounds three ounces.’

‘But that’s only four ounces,’ he frowned.

‘Is that enough? I feed her every two hours. More if she spits some up.’ He had that look again, stress pulling his features tight.

‘Draco,’ Hermione said, sensing a spiral. ‘Look at me.’

After a moment, he did, grey eyes flicking up to hers, the worry in them clear.

‘That’s enough weight.’ Hermione held his gaze, her voice firm ‘You know I wouldn’t lie to you about anything concerning Aurora’s health.’

He blew out a long breath, picking Aurora up and tucking her into her preferred spot, her cries immediately calming as she turned her face into her father’s chest.

‘Fuck, okay I know you wouldn’t. It doesn’t seem like much, that’s all.’

‘It’s enough. You’ve done a great job.’ Hermione replied. ‘You can dress her now.’

He nodded and began walking back towards the changing mat.

‘Shit.’

He stopped dead.

‘Everything okay?’ Hermione asked, looking up sharply.

‘Oh, Christ.’

He still hadn’t moved.

‘Draco? What’s wrong?’ Hermione asked, coming around to look at him.

To her surprise, Malfoy was smiling, the corners of his eyes crinkling with mirth. As she stepped closer, he began to laugh, a quiet, restrained rumble that came from his chest and made his shoulders shake and his cheeks bunch in a lovely way she hadn’t seen before.

‘She’s bloody… she… wee’d on me.’ He said, looking down at himself. ‘All down the front of my shirt.’

‘She has?’ Hermione gasped, unable to stop herself from letting out a small giggle too.

‘Oh no.’

‘I’m soaking.’ He said, and Hermione could see it - A small wet patch over his sleeve and down the placket of his shirt.

‘My girl, you just peed all over your dad.’ He murmured as he held Aurora along his forearm, her head cradled in his palm so he could look into her face.

‘What do you have to say for yourself, hmm?’

Aurora blinked back up at him, tiny fists clasped under her chin, feet pressed against his chest.

Malfoy grinned, his grey eyes shining as he bent down to kiss the tip of her nose, once, twice, three times.

‘Fine.’ He whispered. ‘Apology accepted, of course.’

He lay Aurora down, not seeming the slightest bit bothered by the wet down his front. ‘It’s a rite of passage being a dad, I suppose,’ he said. ‘An initiation of sorts.’

‘It definitely is.’ Hermione replied, still giggling a little. ‘It could have been a lot worse.’

He looked at her for a moment, seemingly confused and then realisation dawned and his eyes widened. ‘Merlin, can you imagine?’ He breathed. ‘I’d take a wet patch over that any day.’

He cast cleansing charms over Aurora first, cleaning her up and adding some barrier cream before casting over himself and drying his shirt, still smiling to himself.

Hermione was using a quill to record Aurora’s weight in her red book.

‘I know you haven’t had time to officially register her at the Ministry yet, but have you decided on Aurora’s full name, so I can write it at the front of her book? Does she have a middle name?’

Malfoy looked up from where he was doing up the buttons of Aurora’s babygrow, his smile faltering, the humour dying from his eyes. He was silent for a moment.

‘She has two.’ He said eventually, picking her up and nestling her back into her place in the crook of his arm. ‘Astoria, Narcissa’ The words were so quiet Hermione could barely hear them. ‘Aurora Astoria Narcissa Malfoy.’ He repeated, his voice rough. ‘After her mother and grandmother.’

‘It’s perfect.’ Hermione replied, writing it down carefully, her chest tightening.

‘Yeah.’ He agreed softly. ‘I think so.’



* * *



They were silent as they walked back down the corridor a few minutes later.

Malfoy was solemn, his jaw tense. Sadness radiated off him again, another milestone about to be met that he was doing alone.

He should be walking out of the hospital holding his wife’s hand. Instead, he would be walking out surrounded by his friends, a substitute family for Aurora - full of love, but no replacement for what should have been. Where was Narcissa? She couldn’t help wondering again, surely she’d want to meet her granddaughter? She’d always seemed to dote on Draco. It was odd that she hadn’t appeared.

‘I’ll let Chief Healer Jennings know we’re all ready to go.’ Hermione said. ‘He’ll come in and sign you off, and then you can leave. I’ll just be in my office getting all the paperwork ready for the community midwives and your Mind Healer appointments. I won’t be long.’

‘Alright.’ Malfoy murmured. ‘I’ll get packed up while I wait.’ He turned away, heading back into his hospital room, the door snicking quietly shut behind him.



* * *



An hour later, everything was ready. The paperwork had been signed off, and Hermione had a fat scroll of notes under her arm, the leather-bound red book all filled in and ready to go.

She knocked on Malfoy’s room, her heart squeezing when she entered to see Aurora ready to go in her charmed car seat, a knitted white hat on her head, and a blanket tucked under her chin. Her rosebud lips pursed as she slept, long lashes splayed over her cheeks. She really was the most beautiful baby, Hermione thought again, like a tiny porcelain doll.

Malfoy was sitting on the bed, his hands between his knees as he watched Aurora sleep, the observation charms glowing above her head. He was wearing his navy robes again, a silver clasp fastened at his throat, the opulent material flowing over the white cotton sheets on the bed. The overnight bag was packed, sitting on the floor at his feet.

Pansy and Blaise stood together, and Hermione realised for the first time that they were a couple as she watched Pansy go up on her tiptoes to plant a kiss on Blaise’s lips, and he whispered something quietly into her ear.

Theo was once again lounging on the sofa, absently spinning his wand between his fingers. He looked up as Hermione entered. ‘Finally!’ He exclaimed. ‘We can get out of here. I’m bloody starving.’

‘It’s time?’ Malfoy clarified, looking nervous. His face was pale under the blonde strands that had fallen over his forehead, lined once again with anxiety.

‘Yes. Everything is ready.’ Hermione replied. ‘You’ve got enough donor milk supplies for the next few days?’

Malfoy nodded, pointing to a bag next to the fridge, a silver one charmed to keep the milk cold.

‘I’ll go and bring the car around,’ Blaise said, picking up the bags and pulling a set of Mercedes keys out of his coat pocket. ‘I’ll wait at the main entrance.’

It wasn’t safe to use the Floo or Apparate when transporting a newborn. The wizarding world had always had to rely on other methods to get home from the hospital with a new baby.

Hermione had noticed the big black Mercedes outside St Mungo’s when she’d arrived that morning. The sleek machine standing out amongst the few other old cars in the car park. She wasn’t remotely surprised that it belonged to one of Malfoy’s group.

‘We’ll come too.’ Pansy said quickly, motioning to Theo. ‘Come, love. Let’s let Draco say goodbye.’

Theo jumped up immediately.

‘See you out there in a bit,’ he said to Malfoy. ‘Don’t forget to-‘

‘I won’t.’ Malfoy replied crisply. ‘I’ll see you in a second.’

With a small wave from Pansy and Blaise and a kiss on Hermione’s cheek from Theo, the three Slytherins left the room in a bustle of bags and clipped heels.

Hermione turned back to Malfoy, who had risen from the bed and was now standing in front of her.

‘How are you feeling?’ She asked. ‘Ready to go?’

He pulled a small face. ‘In one way, yes. I can’t wait to get out of this place,’ he said. ‘In another, I’m fucking terrified. Here, we’ve been in a sort of bubble. I’ve been able to call on you for any little question, I’ve been able to learn how to be a dad. But when we leave, reality begins. Astoria isn’t here and she’s not coming back. It’s just me and Aurora.’ He took in a deep breath. ‘I know my friends will do anything to help and God, I fucking love them for it, but none of them have any experience. I might miss things that Astoria would have picked up. I just don’t know anything about what to expect.’

‘Draco,’ Hermione said. ‘No one knows what to expect when they have their first baby. It’s a learning curve. You adore Aurora, and you’ll know intuitively if something is wrong. You give her more attention than any dad I think I’ve seen before.’

‘Because I’m all she has.’ He interrupted, his voice hoarse as he pressed a palm into his chest. ‘Aurora will never get to know her mum, and it’s the fucking worst tragedy. At least I got to have Astoria. I had her for nearly thirty years. Aurora got her for one precious moment, and she’ll… she’ll never remember it.

Astoria would have doted on Aurora and as long as I live I’ll spend every second letting my daughter know how fucking loved she is.

I can’t fill the void her mother’s death has left, but I can give her myself, all of me, every little bit. It’s the best I can do, Granger. The only way I can even try to make up for what she’s lost.’

Hermione swallowed hard, forcing herself to remain composed.

‘That’s how I know.’ She said quietly, once she found that she could. ‘That’s how I know you will be okay, Draco. You are already an amazing dad.’

She hesitated another moment before speaking again.

‘Did you… do you still want my number? In case of an emergency?’

‘Yes.’ He replied quickly. ‘I really do.’

‘Okay.’ Hermione smiled, reaching into her pocket, taking out the small square of parchment where she’d written it that morning. ‘Here you go. It’s my mobile.’

‘Thanks.’ He folded it carefully, sliding it into the pocket of his robes as he withdrew an envelope from the other.

He looked down at her, so close that she could see small flecks of blue in his eyes.

‘I know I’ve already said it, Granger, but I really don’t think I could have done this without you.’

Hermione snorted. ‘Yes,’ she said. ‘You could have.’

He smiled ruefully. ‘This is for you.’ He handed over the envelope and Hermione ran her fingers over the stiff card, looking at her name written in his elegant script on the front.

‘Don’t open it until we leave.’

Hermione nodded, her eyebrows drawing together.

‘Alright.’ She slid the envelope into her back pocket, burning with curiosity as to what it said.

‘Goodbye, then.’ Malfoy said, and Hermione smiled, feeling tears suddenly prick her eyes again.

‘Take care, Draco. Don’t forget to look after yourself too.’

She didn’t see him move, but there was a rush of air as Malfoy suddenly stepped closer, and then his arms were wrapped around her shoulders, strong but gentle.

His chest pressed against her face so that she could smell the same expensive aftershave she’d detected on his robes that very first day. He was warm and solid, and Hermione could feel his heartbeat pounding through his shirt.

She was frozen momentarily, struck by the improbability of the situation, imagining how she’d have reacted if someone had told her a week ago that she’d find herself standing here, like this, with Draco Malfoy. She’d have laughed in their face.

But it was happening, and it didn’t feel as strange as she thought it would.

Hermione’s arms came up to return the embrace, but Malfoy had already moved back, his face red, embarrassment clouding his features.

‘Sorry, Granger.’ He muttered. ‘I- shouldn’t have done that. It was inappropriate. Sorry.’

But Hermione reached for him again, pulling him in and hugging him tightly.‘Don’t be ridiculous,’ she said. ‘Give me a bloody hug.’

Malfoy gave in. The stiffness in his body disappeared as he hugged her back almost fiercely, a small sound escaping from the back of his throat. Their embrace was chaste but powerful, full of all the emotion that had passed between them in just a few short days.

Hermione swiped surreptitiously at a lone tear that trickled down her cheek as she let herself feel it fully, just for a moment when no one else could see. ‘Thank you.’ Malfoy whispered quietly into her hair. ‘Thank you, Granger.’’



* * *



Half an hour later, Hermione had recovered, waiting in the corridor with Mike and Katie as Malfoy and Aurora exited their hospital room for the last time.

Theo and Pansy rose from where they’d been waiting on the blue plastic chairs, stepping forwards as Malfoy closed the door behind him and began striding down the corridor, Aurora held carefully in her carrier at his side.

His face was set, back straight, robes flowing behind him. Hermione was reminded of the first time she’d seen him, just four short nights ago, a stoic Pureblood gentleman - the version of Draco Malfoy he showed to the world, all graceful long lines and sharp edges.

There was no sign of the aching vulnerability Hermione knew clutched at the heart that beat underneath.

‘Thank you all for providing such good care for my daughter.’ He said stiffly as he approached, his vowels cut-glass, his tone formal. ‘We appreciate all you’ve done for us.’

Mike shook his hand politely as Katie smiled nervously and fiddled with her wand.

He finally turned to Hermione, his eyes dark and storm-filled. He didn’t speak, his throat working as if he wanted to, but nothing came out.

Finding that she was also lost for words, Hermione settled for a small nod instead - you can do this, it said. I know that you can.

He took a deep, shivering breath and nodded back, one side of his mouth lifting briefly.

Then, flanked by his friends, Draco Malfoy and his daughter finally walked out towards the exit of St Mungo’s hospital - a new family, missing one very important piece, but as complete as they could be - for now.

Hermione watched them go, fighting the tightness in her chest. She’d done her job and she’d done it well despite the difficult circumstances.

Aurora was loved, Malfoy was loved - as long as they were together, they would make it through.

She turned and headed straight back to her office, sitting down at her desk and pulling the envelope Malfoy had given her from her pocket.

Hermione looked at it for a moment before flipping it over, unsealing the flap and sliding out the thick folded card inside.

She smiled, her eyes filling with tears the moment she looked down at the picture on the front, but when she opened it and read the words Malfoy had written inside, Hermione’s heart squeezed. She dropped the card onto the table, put her face into her hands and cried.



Chapter End Notes

😭😭😭 my babies!! (We all know this man will last like 5 minutes before he’s calling to ask a question, right?)

Thank you all for reading and a huge thanks to my beta and cheer readers for giving me the confidence to post each week!

Thank you again to SeluneIllustrations (insta) for this INCREDIBLE fanart of Draco

with his lollipop! Safe to say I DIED when I saw it!

Lots of love

Nicky!





Chapter 6: BONUS CHAPTER: The Card


Chapter Summary

Hehe I couldn’t NOT post this.

I feel like Draco wouldn’t be in the headspace to write anything other than the bare minimum about how he feels right now, but I also believe that this is just scratching the surface.

We all know he’s barely holding it together as is, so I think this is as vulnerable/ honest as he would allow himself to get without completely falling apart.

There is a lot more he needs to say, but for now… this is it (and it’s enough to have Hermione spiralling!)

I’m sorry it’s only the card today, a regular chapter will come this week!





The card reads:



Granger,



If I could take that hateful scar on your arm and wear it for you, I would.

I'm so sorry for any of the times I ever made you feel like you were less. You are not less, you are the opposite.

You are brave. You’re selfless, loyal and kind.

If my daughter grows up to be anything like you then I will know I finally did something right.



PS: I know Astoria would have loved you. I wish she could have gotten to know you.



Yours,



Draco





Chapter 7: Just as long


Chapter Notes

Our first Hermione centric chapter!!!

Before you read… please note that poor Neville’s reaction is definitely justified… the poor man just cares about her.. and possibly isn’t quite over his ex!

Thank you all again for the support on this fic! I cannot tell you how much it means! I’m sorry I’ve fallen a little behind on comments! I will hopefully catch up today!

Thank you for reading!

Love Nicky! X



See the end of the chapter for more notes



The days that followed the Malfoy’s discharge were quiet on the ward. Hermione was owed several days leave and for once, after some not-so-subtle nudges from Chief Healer Jennings, she actually took them.

She spent the first twenty-four hours in bed, a deep, dreamless blanket of exhaustion pulling her under, her body gratefully accepting the respite she hadn’t realised she so badly needed.

But as Hermione’s fatigue subsided, small flashes of the preceding days began to flicker into her consciousness, brief vignettes of moments she hadn’t had time to dwell on whilst they were actually occurring.

The heart-stopping moment of panic in the theatre before Aurora took her first breath, Astoria’s proud, fading smile as she reached a trembling hand out towards her daughter, the sight of Malfoy’s face when they gave him the news, recoiling like he’d been physically slapped.

Anyone who worked in healthcare would inevitably face these types of situations, it came with the territory. Hermione knew the value of remaining professional, but she also knew the importance of allowing yourself to feel. The second you became hardened to others suffering, the job was no longer for you, she thought.

The problem was, despite her well-worn game face, Hermione felt things so very deeply, and truthfully, she wasn’t sure how to qualify the feelings she had about Draco Malfoy.

Every time she thought about him or Aurora, she wanted to burst into tears.

She lay in bed and reread the card he’d given her several times, her eyes dancing over the words as her brain turned each one over like a stone, weighing its meaning.

Every time she made herself put the card to the side and tried to concentrate on something else, it inevitably made its way back into her hand, her fingertips tracing the looping letters as though feeling the shape of them could help her understand them.

Twelve years down the line, Hermione had thought she had managed to move on from the horror of the war. She’d convinced herself that the scar Bellatrix had carved into her arm no longer bothered her the way it once had.

When she’d realised there was no way to get rid of it, she had to force herself to stop feeling ashamed of it.

It was a part of her, a part of history, and she’d come to grudgingly accept it as a reminder of how much times had changed.

Since the downfall of Voldemort, Wizarding Britain had become much more accepting of Muggleborns and Muggle technology. Day to day life was more amalgamated and Wizarding children had a far better understanding of Muggle culture than they once had.

The word on Hermione’s arm was shocking, repugnant, but it was also a reminder of how far they’d come.

She knew Malfoy hadn’t seen her scar since he’d been in the hospital, she’d made sure of it. The fact that he was so aware of it, that he still saw it there, even through her clothes, ‘That hateful scar…wear it for you if I could,’… it was further confirmation that Malfoy was no longer the person she’d believed him to be.

The fact of the matter was, Hermione thought as she sipped her coffee on her second morning off - she was a Healer first and foremost - if any other father had been in Draco’s situation, she would have behaved in exactly the same way. She would have supported him, helped him, defended him if she felt it was the right thing to do.

But he wasn’t any other father.

The history between them was inescapable - painful. Malfoy’s own hateful scars were testament to that.

It should have made looking after Draco and Aurora incredibly difficult …but it hadn’t.

Almost immediately, he had trusted her with his daughter. He had allowed Hermione to see beneath the polished, controlled exterior he presented to the world, and instead of what she’d expected to find, Hermione had discovered the broken pieces of a man she would never have imagined existed - devoted, caring and remorseful.

She felt sore, bruised by the raw honesty of the words Malfoy had written in the card, as though he’d inadvertently rubbed open wounds she didn’t even know were still there.

Somewhere, over the course of those four fraught days she’d spent with him, Hermione had been so focused on not letting Draco fall apart that she hadn't noticed that she had also very quietly, and very subtly, been doing a little falling apart of her own.

Thankfully Harry - sweet, sweet Harry - had immediately picked up on her delicate mood. He came home from work that night with a carrier bag full of her favourite things - chocolate, white wine and a huge Margarita pizza. He understood that she didn’t feel like talking much, and after eating dinner in their pyjamas, they sat quietly on the sofa, Hermione’s feet in Harry’s lap while she read a book and he pored over his case notes, chewing the end of his quill thoughtfully and muttering to himself.

‘Have you remembered that Ginny comes home tomorrow?’ He asked her as he headed to bed around eleven.

‘Of course,’ Hermione replied (she hadn’t). ‘I can’t wait.’

‘Ron says we’re all meeting in the Leaky for drinks at seven. I’ll have to come straight from work, I think.’

‘Alright, Love.’ She yawned. ‘I’m spending the day with Luna, so I’ll get ready and go with her.’

‘Perfect. I’m up early for Quidditch practice, so I’ll see you at the pub.’ Harry gave her a quick peck on the cheek and headed into bed.

Hermione stared sightlessly at her book for another ten minutes before she gave up and headed to bed too, ignoring the fresh tingling in her arm.

The next day dawned bright and crisp. Hermione felt a lot better - more rested, less emotional.

She got up around seven and ate her toast in the narrow shaft of winter sun that streamed in through their kitchen window before getting ready to meet Luna who’s son Atlas was with his father for the weekend, leaving her free for a shopping day with Hermione.

As always, a day with Luna was slow-paced and easy. They wandered around Hogsmeade, heading into various crystal shops, apothecaries and bookstores. Hermione found several tomes on older methods of healing she wanted to study to see what she might be able to modernise and adapt to use in work.

They stopped in Madame Puddifoots for tea and lemon cake and Hermione allowed herself to sit back quietly, soaking in Luna’s undemanding effervescence as she listened to her chatter away in her soft lilting voice.

Later they headed back to the flat and shared a bottle of wine as they got ready, both of them a little giggly by the time they left for the pub.

Hermione pushed open the doors to the Leaky Cauldron, welcoming the warm rush of beer-scented air after the biting cold outside. She could see that almost everyone else had already arrived, sitting squashed together in their regular booth - Ron and Padma, Ginny and Harry, Dean and Seamus - only Neville and Hannah were yet to arrive.

She and Luna bustled in, and Hermione smiled as she accepted a flurry of cheek kisses and a tight hug from Ginny.

They settled into their seats as Harry headed to the bar and brought over a bottle of their favourite wine and some glasses.

As she poured herself a generous measure, Hermione felt herself relax even further, the cosy atmosphere of the pub and the familiarity of her friends a soothing balm for the ache she’d had in her chest over the last few days.

Their friendship group aimed to meet up at least once a month or whenever Ginny came home. Over the years the booth they sat in had unofficially become ‘theirs’, and one evening, whilst half pissed they had all taken it in turns to crawl underneath the table and scratch their names into the wood.

Hermione had been the last to go, feeling guilty about damaging pub property, but eventually, after downing two shots of Firewhisky under duress, she too had gotten down on her knees and used her wand to carve in the letters of her name.

Everyone appeared to be in high spirits tonight and the drinks were flowing. Ginny was full of energy, grinning as she ribbed Ron mercilessly about his new haircut, Dean joining in with enthusiasm. Harry once again flirted relentlessly at the bar, enjoying the never ending attention that came with being The Chosen One.

Next to her, Padma chatted to Luna about the new baby class she’d started - ‘The Art of Magical Massage.’

Padma and Ron had three year old twins, and a six month old baby boy. Their house was chaotic and loud, but full of love. It reminded Hermione a lot of the Burrow and she loved visiting, letting the twins Mira and Kiran clamber all over her, whilst she held baby Fred to give Ron and Padma some well needed respite.

They’d left the children with Molly and Arthur for the night, and both appeared to be making the most of their freedom judging by the flush on Padma’s cheeks and the way Ron kept leaning over to whisper things into her ear.

Hermione hadn’t noticed the door opening until she felt a rush of cold air and looked up to see Neville unwinding a scarf from around his neck as he walked over to the bar to greet Harry.

Hannah came straight to the table, giving Hermione a brief, awkward wave as she hugged Luna. Things were civil between them - Hermione had no ill will towards Hannah, but the fact would always remain that she was Neville’s ex-girlfriend. She had broken his heart and Hannah had been the one to pick up the pieces. Understandably, they would always be a little wary of each other.

‘Scooch up.’ Ginny ordered and they all squeezed in to make room for Hannah who perched at the end of the booth, a newer addition to the pub gang and still polite enough to not shove them all sideways like Dean had done when he’d come back from the toilet five minutes before.

A few moments later, Harry and Neville returned from the bar, levitating another tray of drinks as they pulled up stools and an extra small table.

Neville’s blue eyes flicked over to Hermione as he sat down and she gave him a small smile, her heart squeezing involuntarily as it always did whenever she saw him.

Even though she no longer felt anything romantically for him, and she was pleased that he was happy with Hannah - Neville had been her first real love, her feelings for him much stronger than they’d ever been during her short, teenaged fling with Ron.

Although, when he had eventually told her he was leaving it was almost a relief after the fractious months that preceded his decision, it was still strange to see him and not feel like she could just go over and talk to him or give him a hug.

She noticed that Hannah’s eyes were also on Neville, watching him look over at her. Hannah immediately reached out to take his hand, pulling it onto her lap under the table. Hermione noted the possessive action for what it was and looked away, keeping her eyes deliberately averted from the couple for the next few hours.

The night devolved, as it usually did when Ginny was home, into several rounds of shots, loud storytelling and raucous laughter.

They were in the middle of a particularly lively re-enactment of Ginny’s most recent on-pitch fight, Ginny wheezing with laughter as she explained how the French newspapers had had a field day seeing as the girl she’d been fighting with had been her own teammate - and the girl she’d been pictured kissing just the day before.

‘Speaking of newspapers,’ Hannah interjected, her voice quiet. ‘Did you read about Astoria Greengrass?’

Harry’s eyes immediately snapped to Hermione and Luna placed a gentle hand on her knee, having been filled in on some of the details earlier in the day.

The rest of the table leaned in, lowering their voices.

‘It’s terrible isn’t it?’ Padma agreed. ‘Scary to think something like that can happen in childbirth in this day and age.’

‘What happened?’ Dean asked, looking confused.

‘She died.’ Padma whispered. ‘Whilst she was giving birth to Draco Malfoy’s baby.’

Dean swore quietly and Seamus shook his head, his expression grave.

‘She had that blood curse though, didn’t she.’ Hannah said. ‘She was always sickly, even when we were in school. It was irresponsible really, for them to try and have a child with that in the family. I wonder if the baby is okay?’

‘Oh, God,’ Padma gasped, looking misty-eyed. ‘I really hope so.’

‘They’re already making guesses in the paper as to who will become the new Lady Malfoy.’ Hannah continued. ‘Seeing as it was an arranged marriage and Astoria didn’t give Malfoy a male heir to carry on the family name, he’ll be looking to remarry as soon as possible. He’s nearly thirty after all - time is ticking.’ She looked down at her own engagement ring, turning her hand so that the diamond sparkled in the light from the pub sconces.

‘Are you being serious?’ Hermione burst out before she could stop herself. ‘They’re really saying that?’

Hannah’s cheeks flared, she looked over at Hermione guardedly, clearly sensing her irritation. ‘That’s what I read, yes.’ She said.

‘The Malfoy’s are Purebloods.’ Seamus huffed with a disdainful frown. ‘They need a male heir.’

‘Actually,’ Ron interjected. ‘A female heir can continue the bloodline. It’s just the name that will die. My family are technically Purebloods, so are Hannah and Neville’s. It’s more about who they marry rather than the sex of the baby. Malfoy would only want to marry another Pureblood. I’m sure it’s written into the deeds for the Malfoy vaults or something. Obviously,’ he clarified, turning to Padma. ‘My family has never cared about any of that. It’s only the old blood-supremacist wankers who ever gave a shit about any of that Sacred twenty-eight bullshit.’

‘Maybe it’s for the best if the Malfoy name does die out.’ Seamus said with a shrug. ‘I mean, it’s not exactly something to be proud of these days is it?’

There was a murmur of agreement from around the table.

Hermione felt sick.

She had to remind herself that Lucius Malfoy’s very public shaming and subsequent suicide had been front-page news, not to mention the fact that every single person around the table had been personally affected by Draco’s actions in school.

‘I mean, he's a beautiful man, though.’ Padma said, earning a horrified look from Ron. ‘I’m sure there will be no shortage of witches willing to play Mummy.’

‘What?’ Seamus asked, incredulous. ‘The ferret isn’t good looking, is he? He’s all pointy and pale.’

‘He’s not pointy any more.’ Hannah said. ‘Haven't you seen the pictures in the Prophet? He’s definitely filled out since his Azkaban release. And anyway, now he can play the tragic widower card. Women go wild for a man with a baby, never mind the fact that he’s absolutely minted. He will be remarried within six months, you can guarantee it.’

Hermione glared at Hannah, she opened her mouth, but didn’t trust herself not to say something rude, no doubt Hannah would interpret her spikiness as something else. She stood up so quickly she almost knocked over her wine glass. ‘Bathroom break.’ She muttered, pushing her way out of the booth and ignoring her friend’s confused glances.



* * *



Five minutes later Hermione swung open the door to the ladies, having given herself a firm talking to and deciding that, despite how much she wanted to, drinking more wine probably wasn’t the best idea. She was heading back towards the bar area with the intent of ordering a glass of water when the door separating the bar and the hallway opened and Neville stepped through, clearly looking for her.

She stopped in her tracks and braced, her chest squeezing once again.

‘Mione, are you okay?’ He asked softly, pushing the door closed behind him to shut out the background noise of the pub. ‘Harry just told us what happened. He said you were part of the team that tried to save Astoria.’

She foundered as Neville stepped closer, pushing his hands into the pockets of his jeans.

‘I’m so sorry, Mi,’ he said sincerely. ‘I know how hard that would have been on you. You always care so much about your patients.’

Hermione bit down hard on the inside of her cheek.

‘Thanks, Neville. It was…. difficult, yes.’ She agreed through the lump in her throat. ‘It’s a very tragic set of circumstances.‘

Neville nodded, scuffing the toe of his white trainer against a corner of the patterned pub carpet.

‘Harry said you’ve been looking after Malfoy and his baby in the hospital. That there have been Auror visits and you’ve had to write statements and speak to CPS agents. Are you sure you’re alright? That’s a lot of pressure.’

Neville’s blue eyes were full of concern. He was so bloody good, Hermione thought, as she had done so many times before. Always so earnest, so kind. Distantly, she wished again that Neville could have been enough for her, that instead of going home alone, or always relying on Harry, she could wrap herself up in his strong, comforting embrace and forget about everything. But it wouldn’t be right. She couldn’t give Neville what he needed and ultimately he couldn’t give her what she did. The spark had burned out, she'd done the right thing in allowing him to move on.

‘It was fine,’ she sighed, suddenly exhausted again. ‘I don’t really want to talk about it, sorry Neville.’ The open expression he wore disappeared with a blink, replaced by a painfully familiar one. As she watched Neville’s defences come flying down, Hermione immediately felt guilty. Neville didn’t deserve the curt dismissal, but she was still feeling sick, the wine she’d drunk churning violently in her stomach.

‘I’m a bit tired,’ she said. ‘I think I'm going to head home.’

A look of annoyance flashed over Neville’s face, darkening his features momentarily. He schooled it away, stepping back and sighing.

‘Sure,’ he said. Then, seemingly to himself, added, ‘I don’t know why I expected anything else.’ He moved to step away, then suddenly whipped back around sharply, taking Hermione by surprise.

‘You don’t always have to fight other people’s battles, Mione. You do know that don’t you? Especially battles for people like Draco Malfoy. Do you think he’d do the same for you? After the way he treated you in school? You don’t always have to be such a damned martyr.’

Hermione felt her own temper flare, as though she’d been waiting for an excuse to get angry and now Neville was here, making it easy for her.

‘What I do is none of your business any more, Neville.’ She snapped. ‘I didn’t ask you to come out here. You know nothing about the situation, nor how I feel about it, so I’ll thank you to not stick your nose where it’s not wanted and go back to your fiancée before she realises where you are.’

She hadn’t meant to be so cruel - Neville wasn't the intended target of her ire, but looking at him was hurting her feelings and she felt like she couldn't breathe.

'I'm sorry.' she said, her voice a little tremulous. ‘The past few days have just been a lot. I didn't mean to take it out on you.'

Neville just shook his head, his mouth pressed into a sad, bitter smile.

‘One day, you’ll regret never putting yourself first, Hermione,’ he said, his blue eyes burning into hers. ‘You’ll finally decide to focus on your own life and realise what it could have been, all the good things that have passed you by while you were too busy looking around for someone to tear yourself into pieces for. There are so many things to love about you, but if you’re not careful there will be nothing left of you for anyone to love.’

Hermione stared at Neville, completely dumbstruck. It was the angriest she’d ever seen him, the most he’d ever said about how he felt. He looked as though he was waiting for a response and when she didn’t give him one, he shook his head again, rubbing a hand over his stubbled jaw.

‘It’s a terrible shame, what happened to Astoria,’ he said. ‘Malfoy is lucky to have had you there.’

Neville turned and pushed open the bar door, his expression sad and defeated. Hermione watched his retreating back, trying not to cry as the door swung slowly shut behind him.



* * *



She stood in the hallway for several minutes, and by the time she got back, Neville and Hannah had left. Hermione sat down to the concerned expressions of her friends, biting her lip as Ginny put a hand gently over hers.

‘Sorry, babe.’ She said, her voice low. ‘It sounds like you’ve had a shit few days.’

‘I’m so sorry, Hermione.’ Padma added. ‘We wouldn’t have talked about Astoria if we’d known she went to St Mungo’s. I think we all just assumed she would have had a private healer.’

Hermione forced herself to smile weakly. ‘It’s okay Padma. You didn’t know, and sadly it’s part of the job. Sometimes there’s just nothing you can do.’

Ginny put an arm around her. 'We love you.' She murmured, and Hermione leaned against her as Ginny squeezed her shoulder tightly.

'Come to the Burrow tomorrow and we can chat, yeah? Let's not talk about it any more tonight.' Hermione nodded gratefully, then, pushing a curl back from her face, she took a deep breath and smiled properly. 'Right,’ she said. ‘Fill me in on what I missed.'

The conversation immediately started back up again, steered to more lighthearted topics. Dean and Seamus were in the process of planning a wedding abroad and there was much debate as to whether Greece or Ibiza had the best weather in June. Hermione immediately began to feel better, laughing as Ron began plotting his Best Man's speech, a look of evil glee on his face.

‘Mi,’ Harry said, leaning across the table ten minutes later.

‘Your phone kept buzzing while you were gone, it was an unknown number so I didn’t answer it.’

Hermione took the phone out of Harry’s outstretched hand, giving him a small murmur of thanks as she pressed the button to unlock it.

She had three missed calls and the message icon in the corner of the screen flashed, indicating that she also had two unread messages.

She clicked on the little envelope, finding two text messages typed in all caps. She opened the first one.

GRANGER, THIS IS THEO. WE HAVE A SITUATION.

She quickly closed it down and opened the second, sent half an hour later.

GRANGER, PLEASE COME.

HE NEEDS YOU.

Hermione put the phone face down on the table, her heart suddenly pounding. It had been three days since they'd left the hospital, what on earth could have happened to warrant Theo calling her and not Malfoy?

Harry was frowning over at her, his expression questioning. Hermione stood up again.

'I've got to go,’ she said. 'I need to-' she looked down at her phone.

Was she really going to walk away from a night out with her friends to go and rescue Draco Malfoy? At eleven PM? With no idea what kind of situation she was going to be walking into?

Hermione picked it up again, staring at the second text on the glowing green screen.

HE NEEDS YOU.

'Sorry.' She said again. ‘I really do have to go.'

‘Hermione?' Luna asked, taking another sip of her drink. 'Are you okay? What’s happening?’

'Nothing.' Hermione lied. 'I'm just a bit pissed. I’ve had a lot of wine. Will you be okay if I head off?’

‘Of course,’ Luna replied. ‘I’ll ask Seamus and Dean to walk me home. As long as you’re sure you’re okay.’

‘I’m good.’ Hermione promised her, giving her hand a small squeeze.

The table was rowdy, most of her friends now talking loudly amongst themselves. Ron and Padma were kissing in the corner, totally oblivious to anyone else, Ginny, Seamus and Dean were passionately discussing Quidditch plays, debating the pros and cons of various dive techniques. Hermione squeezed her way out of the booth, accepting goodbye hugs and kisses and finalising her plans with Ginny for breakfast.

'Bye!’ She called, heading towards the coat rack at the door. She'd barely made it two paces before Harry stepped in front of her, his eyes narrowed suspiciously.

'Mi, what's going on?' he said. 'Who was calling you?'

Hermione didn't want to lie to him. Harry knew her well enough that she thought he'd understand.

'It's Malfoy.' She said quietly. 'There's some sort of crisis. Theo has asked me to go and help.'

Harry frowned. 'Wait, now? Where?'

'He's staying at Theo's penthouse in Hebridean Heights.'

Harry's eyebrows shot up into his hairline. He turned around and put his pint down on the nearest table, then seemed to change his mind, picking it back up and necking the whole thing.

'Right,’ he said, slamming down the empty glass. 'It’s late, you've had a fair bit to drink and you can't Apparate. I'm not letting you walk through London on your own. I think you need Auror protection.’

'Harry.' she frowned, putting a hand on her hip. 'Don't be ridiculous. You're having fun and it’s just down the road. I’ll be fine.'

'No way.' Harry replied. ‘What kind of a best friend would I be, letting you walk on your own? Come on, let’s go.' He grabbed his tweed coat off the rack and headed back to the table to tell everyone he was going to leave too. After a few minutes of heckling and back patting, he wove his way a little unsteadily back through the pub towards her.

'Ready?'

Hermione nodded, once again infinitely grateful for Harry Potter as she buttoned up her coat and then, bracing themselves against the cold, she and Harry headed out of the warm pub and into the night.



* * *





Hebridean Heights was only a short walk away. Hermione and Harry linked arms, striding quickly through the rain slicked streets. Hermione shivered, bitterly regretting her choice of a short black dress and kitten heels.

‘Oh wow.'

As they arrived at Hebridean Heights they both stopped walking, gazing up at the glittering, glass fronted building. It was the tallest high rise in Wizarding London, each apartment taking up a whole floor with large, wraparound balconies. Each one apparently had at least five bedrooms, two reception rooms and three bathrooms.

Theo's Penthouse was the largest by far, taking up both of the very top floors.

'Apparently there's a swimming pool up there,’ Harry murmured, craning his neck as he squinted up to the penthouse. ‘And a hot tub.' Hermione raised her eyebrows, not at all surprised.

They were greeted at the entrance by a Wizard dressed in a grey top-hat and tails, the large buttons on his jacket shining almost as much as the ornate gold handles of the glass doors behind him.

'Who are you here for?' He asked dourly, eyeing them suspiciously down his nose. Hermione fidgeted under his scrutiny, pulling a little at the hem of her dress. 'Theodore Nott.' She replied. 'He's expecting us.'

'Ah.' the doorman rolled his eyes. 'Of course.'

He turned and tapped his wand against the large rectangular plaque that bore Theo's name. A loud buzzing noise emitted from it, Theo's voice following soon after.

'Yes?'

'Mr Nott, you have guests, sir.'

He looked at Hermione and Harry. 'Names?' he asked, sounding bored,

'Hermione Granger and Harry Potter.' Hermione leaned forward, speaking into the little box. The doorman frowned at her for a moment before his demeanor suddenly changed. He looked again at Harry, peering at him with unfettered curiosity. Harry smiled, showing both his top and bottom teeth as he lifted his fringe obligingly to show the large lightning bolt scar that sliced across his forehead and down through his eyebrow.

The doorman’s mouth fell open and he turned quickly back to the speaker.

'I have one Hermione Granger.' he said.

'Ah, fuck. Brilliant.' Theo's voice crackled through. 'Send her up.'

'I also have a Mr Harry Potter.’

There was suddenly a loud sound on the other end as though Theo might have dropped something, followed by some frantic rustling, a quiet curse and then Theo's voice again. 'Okay,’ he said, sounding flustered. 'Give me two minutes, then send them both up.'

‘Of course, sir.’ The doorman replied, pointing his wand at their wet feet to cast a cleaning spell before stepping back stiffly, one elbow bent behind his back, the other wrist angled so he could see his watch, clearly counting down the two minutes.

Hermione and Harry stood awkwardly on the steps, unsure of what to do as the doorman watched the seconds countdown silently. Hermione glanced over at Harry and had to stop a giggle bursting from her mouth at his bemused expression.

Eventually, the doorman finally stepped back, pushing open the door and waving them in with a flourish.

‘Thank you.’ She said for the both of them, stepping gratefully into the warmth of the lobby.

The inside of the building was even more extravagant than the outside, with sparkling white marble floors and gold accents everywhere. The lobby was huge and echoing. There was an empty reception desk, several soft leather sofas angled towards each other, and gold-framed artwork covering the walls. The Floo fireplaces that lined one wall were huge, cleaner than any Hermione had ever seen.

In the very center of the lobby was an entirely clear glass elevator, not a single smudge visible on any of the four gleaming sides. Hermione and Harry made their way to the lift, their footsteps loud in the cavernous room. The glass doors swished open and closed silently as they entered, tinny instrumental music being piped from somewhere inside.

‘There aren’t any buttons. How do we get to the penthouse?' Harry asked, but before the words had even fully left his mouth, the elevator suddenly lurched upwards at a dizzying speed, flying through the levels so fast that Hermione sprawled, falling on top of Harry who let out a surprised ‘Oof,’ as her elbow accidentally connected with his crotch. Within seconds, it came to an abrupt stop and the doors slid smoothly open with a muted ‘Ding!’

‘How does the bloody lift even sound posh?’ Harry grumbled as they stepped out into a luxuriously carpeted hallway. In front of them was an ornate oak door, the gold-plated label next to the bell simply reading, 'Nott'.

Hermione stepped forward, her finger pointed to press the bell, but before she could get there the door swung inwards and she was greeted by a breathless Theo and a waft of expensive cologne.

'Granger,' he said, his blue eyes darting above her head. 'Thank God you came. Come in.’

He stepped back to make room for her, anxiously smoothing down the placket of his shirt.

Despite the lateness of the hour, Theo was immaculately dressed in a fitted black oxford, the first two buttons open at his neck. He wore black trousers and a gold buckled belt slung low on his hips. His hair was styled to perfection, one curl artfully falling in front of his eyes. As Hermione took a step into the entryway, Harry moved out the shadows behind her and Theo froze, one hand tightening on the door frame.

'Hi,’ Harry shifted from foot to foot as he gave Theo a small, uncertain smile.

'Hello,’ Theo replied, a little breathily.

Hermione stood between them, apparently completely forgotten by both men as Theo's eyes travelled slowly up from Harry's feet to his face and back down again. Harry seemed to be doing his own lingering perusal, his gaze snagging momentarily on the small triangle of bare skin visible at Theo’s open collar. Theo swallowed heavily, his Adam’s apple bobbing as a rosy flush spread over his cheeks.

'Uh Theo?' Hermione said, stepping into his eye-line. ‘You said there was an emergency?’

Theo jolted, blinking rapidly and finally pulling his eyes away from Harry who was now smiling dazedly down at the ground as he dragged one hand roughly through his hair.

'Oh, yeah.' Theo finally turned to look at her. 'You didn't reply so I called Pansy. I wasn't sure what to do. Draco was absolutely freaking out.'

'What about? Where is he?’ Hermione asked, trying not to let her mouth fall open as she looked around the huge penthouse, the blue hue of the swimming pool lights glowing beyond the glass fronted window that gave a spectacular of the entire city, the open plan living room bigger than the entire Gryffindor dormitory.

'I think he's a bit calmer now,’ Theo said. ‘He's just down there.’ He pointed down a long hallway. 'He and Aurora are staying in the master suite. Just knock and go in, but…’ Theo looked a little nervous. 'Maybe don't tell him I called you. He said he didn’t want to bother you any more.'

'What?' Hermione asked, incredulously. 'Then why on Earth will he think I’m here? Why would I just randomly turn up at eleven pm at night?’

'I doubt he’ll care why.’ Theo said. ‘I just know he'll be glad to see you. You’re the only one he really trusts when it comes to Aurora.'

Hermione stood for a moment, unsure of what to do. 'Go,' Theo said. 'I don't know what the hell happened but I'm pretty sure something fell off.'

‘WHAT?’ Harry spluttered from where he still stood in the entryway, now looking wildly concerned.

'I don't know.' Theo shrugged. 'All I know is I went in and Malfoy was upset. He was holding Aurora and saying something had fallen off. Now I don't know much about babies but even I’m pretty sure things aren't supposed to fall off them.’

Hermione stared at him for a moment, trying to process the utterly insane sentence he'd just delivered so nonchalantly, whilst still seeming wholly unable to look anywhere other than at Harry.

Realising she was unlikely to get any sense from Theo in his apparently Confunded state, Hermione turned and made her way down the long hallway, her feet padding softly over the thick carpet. She got to the closed door at the end of the hallway and put her ear to the wood, listening for any sound inside. There was nothing.

Very quietly, she knocked on the door before pushing it open with a small creak.

The room was, as expected, absolutely massive, a king size bed dominating the center with a large ornate wardrobe pushed up against one wall and a dresser against the other. The bedding was pure white, soft and fluffy. There was a bathroom off to one side, and Hermione got a glimpse of further shining ivory tiles.

In amongst all the grandeur were the inevitable signs that a baby had taken residence. A changing mat on top of the dresser, several folded baby-grows too. There were a stack of nappies and some clean bottles lined up.

At the foot of the bed, Pansy Parkinson sat on a large white sofa, dressed in black as always, her legs crossed elegantly at the ankles.

Next to her was the Moses basket where Aurora dozed peacefully, Draco’s (Hermione's!) observation charms glowing softly above her head. And there, folded up on the sofa, his head in Pansy's lap as her fingers stroked gently through his soft blonde hair, was the prone form of Draco Malfoy who was fast asleep, his bottom lip pouting in a way that made him look even more like his daughter, if that was actually possible.

His hands were pushed between his knees and there were several crumpled tissues discarded on the floor below him. As she stepped closer Hermione saw that Malfoy's face was once again pale and wan, dark shadows carved out under splayed lashes.

Pansy looked up at Hermione, bringing one finger up to her lips.

'Aurora’s umbilical cord came off?' Hermione asked quietly, having finally figured out what Theo meant.

Pansy nodded. 'I think it scared the life out of him because there was a bit of blood,’ she said. ‘And then he realised it was the last tie Aurora had to Astoria, you know, physically, and it just completely took him out.' She looked down at Draco, smoothing his hair tenderly off of his face.

'He's meeting with the funeral planners tomorrow too.' Pansy whispered. 'God knows how that's going to go.'

'Oh Christ.' Hermione replied, her heart sinking.

'I can't even imagine-' her words were cut off as Draco suddenly shifted, groaning as he rose into wakefulness. He stretched, bloodshot grey eyes blinking at her as he finally focused on her face. He pushed himself up, the back of his hair sticking up in wild blonde spikes.

'Granger?' He asked, his voice rough and gravelly. ‘Are you okay? What…what are you doing here?'



Chapter End Notes

Eee! They are back together!! I’m so excited for next chapter!

Also, if you are currently waiting on any of my other fics to update, thank you for your patience!! I’m so sorry it’s taking so long and I really am trying my best, but I am unfortunately, just a girl with a young family and a job that currently feels overwhelming. I promise I’m working on them too! 🤍🤍





Chapter 8: As you stand


Chapter Notes

I love you all! That’s it, no other notes! But please know that your comments and theories give me so much happiness! I love writing this fic so much and I’m so excited to tell this story 🤍

Thanks again to my beta/ cheer readers!

Nicky xx



See the end of the chapter for more notes



‘Granger?’ Malfoy asked again. ‘Is everything okay?’ He lowered black-socked feet to the carpet as he straightened, scrubbing at his eyes and peering at her.

‘What’s the time?’ He looked down at his watch. ‘It’s late, I-‘ he suddenly paused, realisation dawning. ‘Wait…Did Nott call you?’

Hermione hesitated, having still not thought of a decent excuse as to why else she would be there.

‘For fucks sake,’ he muttered under his breath. ‘I’m really sorry, Granger.’ He looked utterly mortified. ‘I told him I didn’t want to bother you and…’ grey eyes flicked up and down her bare legs. ‘I can see you were busy… out somewhere or-‘ he trailed off, looking helplessly at Pansy, who was watching the interaction with an expression Hermione couldn’t quite decipher.

‘I’m really sorry,’ he said again. ‘He’s a dickhead for doing that. I’m fine. It’s not fair on you to have been dragged here in the middle of the night.’

Hermione stood mutely, unsure what to do. Should she go? Was that what he was saying?

‘Right,’ Pansy said, clapping her hands together softly. ‘I’m going to head off, love. Blaise is waiting for me to get home.’ She fixed Draco with a pointed look.

‘Hermione is here now, why don’t you ask her some of the questions on your list before she leaves? Hmm?’

Malfoy was silent for a moment, looking between Pansy and Hermione, worrying the swell of his bottom lip between his teeth.

Something was going on between him and Pansy. Hermione could see lots of eye-widening and not very subtle head jerks in her direction. Did they… think she couldn’t see them?

After a few more seconds of this, Malfoy’s jaw firmed, and he finally turned back to her.

‘Would you mind?’ He asked, ‘I won’t keep you too long. There were just a few things I wasn’t sure about.’

Pansy snorted, and Malfoy pulled a face, but there was no real anger in it.

He looked fragile, Hermione thought, and clearly Pansy could see it too.

‘Come here, you,’ she muttered, pulling him to her in a gentle hug, wrapping her arms around his neck as he slid his own around her waist, resting his chin on the top of her head.

‘Blaise will be here for nine tomorrow morning, okay?’ Pansy murmured, gently smoothing down the collar of Malfoy’s rumpled blue shirt as she released him. ‘What time do you have to be at the funeral home?’

‘Eleven.’ The words were pushed out around an audible swallow. ‘The Greengrasses are meeting us there.’

Pansy grimaced. ‘I’ll come too. If you want me to?’

‘What about work?’

‘Draco,’ she admonished. ‘Do you really think I’d prioritise anything over you right now? I can help rich witches choose clothes any time. Plus, that’s why I have assistants.’

‘Alright,’ Malfoy looked relieved. ‘I’ve already told Theo he’s not allowed to come.’

‘Good plan. The last thing you need is him launching himself at Cyrus Greengrass across the funeral director’s desk.’

Malfoy laughed, and Hermione was reminded of how much it changed his face when the little crinkles reappeared, along with a flash of straight, white teeth.

‘Theo’s the world's best guard dog, but he can’t be trusted off his leash in a situation like tomorrow.’

‘Most definitely not.’ Pansy agreed, smiling fondly.

They both looked over at Hermione, who was still standing awkwardly just inside the door.

‘Hermione darling, you’re an angel for coming here so late.’ Pansy rose from the sofa. ‘I can only imagine what kinds of texts Theo sent to get you here.’ Her eyes followed the same path Malfoy’s had done, gliding up and down Hermione’s bare legs. ‘Gorgeous shoes.’ She remarked, clearly surprised. ‘Chanel?’

‘Oh,’ Hermione felt a blush colour her cheeks. ‘Yes, shoes are a bit of a weakness of mine.’

Pansy laughed delightedly. ‘Is that so? Well, you are full of surprises, aren’t you, Golden Girl?’

Hermione wasn’t sure how to respond to that.

‘Anyway,’ Pansy continued, picking up her handbag and coat from the bed.‘I’ll go and say goodnight to Theo and then get home to my husband.’

‘He’s just out in the sitting room with Harry,’ Hermione informed her, suddenly remembering she’d left the two men alone.

Pansy’s eyes snapped to hers, and Malfoy abruptly sat back from where he’d been leaning into the Moses basket, fiddling with Aurora’s blanket. Two sets of jaws dropped wide open.

‘Harry… Potter?’ Pansy’s expression was positively scandalised. ‘You’re telling me Harry Potter is out there, in Theo’s sitting room? Hold on, is it just him, or did you bring the Weasel too?’

Hermione frowned at the old insult, but then she thought about the way her friends referred to Malfoy and chose to ignore it. ‘No, it’s just Harry,’ she said, shrugging. ‘He didn’t want me coming alone so late at night, so he accompanied me here.’

‘And now he’s here, in Theo’s house?’ Malfoy reiterated. ‘Potter? And he’s… okay with you coming here? He knows it’s to see me, right?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione huffed. ‘He knows all about the past few days. He’s my best friend, Draco. And, he’s fine with it.’ She held his gaze, hoping that he understood she meant more than just bringing her to Theo’s.

Malfoy raised his eyebrows, one hand coming up to rub over his face.

‘Oh, right.. that’s.. good then.’ He didn’t look remotely convinced.

‘This is just fabulous.’ Pansy clapped her hands again, clearly delighted at the news of Harry being in the penthouse.

‘Christmas came early for some of us, at least.’

Malfoy looked confused but Pansy only turned with a smug grin, black hair swishing.

‘I’m going to leave him to it,’ she said. ‘I don’t think he’ll appreciate any interruptions. See you tomorrow, babe.’ She waved in Hermione’s direction. ‘Night, darling.’

Pansy stepped delicately into the large Floo on the back wall and called out, ‘The Parkinson-Zabini Townhouse,’ and in a flash of green light, she was gone, leaving Hermione and Malfoy alone.

The room fell silent aside from the sound of Aurora’s snuffling, newborn breaths. Malfoy’s eyes rose to meet hers, and Hermione was suddenly frozen in place, pinned by his gaze and choked by all the things that she’d wanted to say to him for days, unsure where to begin.

Malfoy seemed similarly affected, his tongue darting out to lick his lips as he inhaled sharply, then let it out again, as though he’d started to speak and then given up.

It was the first time they’d been alone since he’d given her the card, and she thought that maybe she should address the things he’d written, but somehow, this didn’t feel like the right time.

Hermione could only imagine how hard it had been for Malfoy to write those words. The choice he’d made to face the terrible thing that existed between them and lay himself bare. It all just felt too raw to confront so soon.

Thankfully, they were saved by Aurora, who let out a small cry, making them both jump. Malfoy leaned forward, reaching into the Moses basket and unwrapping the blanket she’d been swaddled in.

‘What’s the matter, little lady?’ He murmured, lifting her up. His hands spanned Aurora’s entire torso, his index fingers lifted to support the back of her head.

She still had the newborn scrunch, her tiny legs tucked up under her bum like the cutest little frog Hermione had ever seen.

She smiled as Malfoy planted an adoring kiss on the baby’s forehead, placing her on his chest and patting her nappy-clad bottom in a comforting rhythm, shushing her gently.

The difference in his confidence levels over just a week was marked. He looked like he was made for fatherhood.

‘She’s due a feed soon,’ he remarked, glancing at his wristwatch. ‘Will you…will you sit? I’m sorry, I should have asked before now.’

Hermione smiled uncertainly, but she made her way over the couch, slipping off her heels and her coat before sitting down next to Malfoy and tipping her head back onto the headrest, turning to look at the side of his face.

After a moment, he did the same and she was reminded that they’d sat the exact same way together on his first night at the hospital.

‘Hi.’ She said as their eyes met, and he laughed softly, the corners of his eyes crinkling.

‘Hi, Granger. Thanks for coming.’

The awkwardness dissolved, both of them clearly choosing not to bring up the card.

They were quiet for a moment as Aurora settled, drifting back off to sleep. Malfoy continued patting her bum, smoothing his palm over the soft cotton of the mint green baby grow she wore.

Hermione reached up to gently stroke a finger over the back of Aurora’s hand, her heart squeezing. She had already changed in just a few days, her cheeks filling out a little, the blonde fuzz on her head a bit fluffier.

‘Granger? Can I ask you something?’ Malfoy murmured after a minute or two, pressing his face to the top of Aurora’s head.

‘Of course.’

He paused, looking hesitant.

‘Have you... have you ever found something or someone, so cute, that you get this sort of inexplicable urge to just.. eat them?’

Hermione laughed, quickly swallowing it down as she realised that the question was serious.

Malfoy frowned, grey eyes searching hers.‘Because that’s how I feel all the time,’ he admitted. ‘I don’t, you know, actually want to eat her. But I look at Aurora and I feel like I love her so much it’s scary. It’s almost like I can’t control it. It’s overwhelming. I want to just…’ he mimed taking a big bite out of the top of Aurora’s head. ‘What is that? Is there something wrong with me?’

Hermione pressed her lips together, fighting to hold back her smile. He just looked so very concerned.

‘Okay, listen, Draco,’ she began. ‘Those feelings are completely normal and nothing to worry about. Cuteness aggression is actually a very common biological response, a release of the hormone oxytocin. When that hormone is released, it compels the individual to protect and defend what they consider vulnerable. In your case - Aurora. It’s just your natural parental instincts going into overdrive.’

‘Cuteness aggression.’ Malfoy was silent for a moment, seemingly considering her answer and deeming it legitimate.

‘You really do know everything, don’t you?’ He looked inordinately relieved.‘That’s good to know, because yeah, it definitely feels like that. It’s like this…this primal thing, taking over me, I’ve never felt anything even remotely close.’ He sighed. ‘I don’t know how I’m going to ever let her out of my sight. At the moment, I find it hard to leave her, even to go to the bathroom or something, I’ve started bringing the Moses basket with me so I can see her while I shower. I can’t sleep, even when she does. I know it’s not rational, but-‘ he sighed again. ‘Things can go wrong so quickly, you know?’

Hermione sobered, the laughter that had been stuck in her throat transmuting into something else. The squeeze in her chest back again.

‘Those feelings are all also normal, and more than understandable. This is all very new and sudden.’

She paused, unsure how much he’d want to talk about his earlier meltdown.

‘Theo said it’s been another rough night?’

He let out a small, bitter laugh.

‘I feel like I’d better get used to it. Every time I think I’m in control, something happens and it hits me again - that Astoria is gone, that she’s not experiencing all the things she was so excited about…It’s just so fucking unfair.’

His chest hitched and he swallowed, closing his eyes and tipping his head back, gathering himself.

‘The guilt is overwhelming, Granger.’

The words took effort, forced out from a clenched jaw. ‘Don’t tell me I shouldn’t feel it, because I do. Not just the fact that I wasn’t there. It’s - there are so many other things, things I can’t explain to you now. But seriously, it’s fucking killing me.’

Hermione hesitated, wanting to make sure she said the right thing. Malfoy barked another humourless laugh.

‘Fuck.’ It came out louder than she thought he’d intended, Aurora stirring briefly on his chest. ‘Why am I telling you all this? Why do I keep dumping all my shit on you? And why do you keep putting up with it? Why? Why haven’t you told me to fuck off, why did you even come here? I don’t deserve this from you, Granger. I don’t, I-‘

‘Please stop, Draco,’ Hermione whispered.

He did. Immediately.

She turned to him, anger blazing through her, sudden and intense.

‘No more of that. I don’t want to hear it. I’m here because I want to be. Why? Truthfully, I don’t actually know. I can’t even explain it myself. I don’t want to have to. I - I wanted to come. When Theo asked me to - I just wanted to. I care about Aurora, and yes, I care about you. I do. I want to see you succeed, I want to see you overcome this tragedy as best you can - together. Your whole life, you’ve been forced into so many situations that I don’t believe you ever wanted. I watched you, in sixth year, I saw how tortured you were, and now I’m watching it again. I want to help this time. Instead of allowing these stupid, preordained barriers that have always existed between us to win. I want to show that we’ve moved on. I’m sick of people telling me I care too much, Draco. I’ve heard enough of that tonight, so just…just let me be here, and don’t question it.’

Hermione hadn’t realised she was crying until she saw Malfoy’s eyes widen, a look of abject horror on his face as he watched two hot tears roll down her cheeks.

‘Granger?’ Her name was a hoarse whisper. ‘Oh, god. Don’t cry. Please. I don’t- I’m sorry. Oh Shit. Fucking bollocks. What did I do?’

‘No. Sorry, it’s not you. It’s not- I’ve had a rough night. I shouldn’t-‘ Hermione was hideously embarrassed by her loss of control, especially in front of this man who had just lost his bloody wife, and was having to watch her crying over some ill-judged words by a well-meaning but infuriating ex-boyfriend. It was ridiculous.

‘I’m fine… It’s nothing.’ She told him after several long seconds, her voice forcibly level.

‘It’s clearly not nothing.’ Malfoy scoffed, nose scrunching. ‘Humour me. I could do with the distraction, actually, Granger. I’d love to talk about something that’s not me.’

‘Oh, honestly,’ she laughed. ‘The last thing you need to hear about is my pathetic little non-drama.’

Malfoy frowned, brows knitting tightly together.

‘Try me.’

Hermione looked up at the ceiling, letting out a long, calming breath.

Then, for reasons she didn’t want to consider, she did.

She told Malfoy all about Neville. About how they’d found each other in the aftermath of the war, both untethered and lonely. How they’d taken comfort in the initial passionate bond that had formed between them, the way they’d tied themselves tightly together like they could stop the other from floating away, knotting a rope that became harder and harder to untie, even as it began to rub, burning with friction. The rope that eventually began to feel a little bit too much like a noose tightening around Hermione’s neck.

Malfoy’s knee bounced a little as she spoke, his eyes narrowing at intervals, occasionally making little ‘huh’ sounds, or giving the odd snort of indignation.

She kept going even as he rose to his feet, handing Aurora to her to hold as he prepared a bottle and then taking her back to feed her in the crook of his arm. By the time she got to the events of the night just gone, repeating the bitter words Neville had thrown at her in the pub corridor, Malfoy’s jaw was rock-solid, his eyebrows raised incredulously.

‘But, you said the guy is now engaged to someone else? Then why the fuck is he making your business his?’

‘Exactly!’ She exclaimed, passing him a burp cloth from the arm of the sofa as he dabbed distractedly at a small pool of spit-up on his shoulder.

‘I do think it’s coming from a place of concern rather than anything else. Neville is a good person. It’s just misdirected and ill-timed. It’s not his place to tell me how to live my life any more. Nor his place to give me advice on how to look after myself.’

‘Hmmm.’

‘What do you mean, ‘hmm’?’

Malfoy looked thoughtful, mercurial grey eyes appraising her from where he stood, rocking Aurora back to sleep in his arms.

‘What, Draco?’

He pursed his lips.

‘I can’t believe I’m actually going to say this, and don’t get me wrong, some of the things you’ve said make me want to hunt Longbottom down and fucking hurt him.’ Hermione’s eyes widened in surprise.

‘But, maybe he does have a point.’

He said the words with a grimace, as though they physically pained him.

‘Your health is a gift, Granger. It’s not something you should take for granted. I, of all people, know how fortunate a person can be to receive your care and attention as a Healer. You are amazing at your job. You’re changing people’s lives every day. But it is just a job. The hospital has continued without you whilst you’ve been off this week. It has had to. It’s amazing that you love your work, and by all means, you should continue the way you have been, but only if it makes you happy. Because those are the most important things. Your health and your happiness.’

‘I agree, but-‘

‘And are you?’

‘Pardon?’

‘Are you happy? With your life right now… is it what you want it to be?’

Hermione could do nothing except stare at him. The weight of Malfoy’s question settling over her, pressing down on her chest.

It was back. The urge to laugh, or to cry. The total, insane probability that she would find herself here, at one o'clock in the morning, a post-wine headache beginning at the base of her skull, discussing her life choices with Draco bloody Malfoy, who was currently eyeballing her expectantly, looking like he actually cared about her answer.

‘Yes,’ she said emphatically. ‘I’m very happy with how my life is going.’

When he said nothing, just continued looking at her in that same horribly disarming way, Hermione continued.

‘I have the possibility of a promotion at work, I’m comfortable money-wise, I have a good social life, amazing friends. Harry and I- ‘

She stopped abruptly, one hand flying to her mouth. ‘Merlin, Harry.’ She gasped.

’Gods, he’s been waiting over an hour. I’m surprised he hasn’t come looking for me. He’s got work in the morning.’ She stood up, glad for the change in subject. ‘I’ll just go and check if he’s okay.’

‘Sure.’ Malfoy nodded, although he didn’t seem at all keen to see Harry, lingering in the bedroom instead, fussing quietly over Aurora.

As Hermione made her way down the long hallway, she was surprised to hear laughter, genuine and warm, coming from the direction of the kitchen. She stepped into the large space to find Harry and Theo seated at the massive glass dining table in the center of the room. They were facing each other, Theo sipping from a generous glass of white wine, Harry’s hands wrapped around a steaming mug of tea.

‘Slughorn really believed that it was a study group,’ Theo snickered, practically bent over with mirth. ‘God knows how I managed to convince him that we were practising potions every week when none of us ever had the foggiest idea which one was Dittany and which one was Fluxweed - Oh, Granger, hullo. Draco’s finally letting you leave then, is he?’

Hermione ignored the fact that Theo didn’t seem particularly pleased about her arrival, his wide grin fading a little as he dragged his eyes away from Harry. ‘Where is Malfoy?’ He craned his neck down the hallway. ‘Is he alright now? Has he asked you all the questions on his list?’

‘I- he…not yet.’ She replied, looking between the two men. ‘I just came out to say sorry, Harry. I wasn’t expecting to be here so long.’

Harry didn’t respond. He was still smiling, his chin resting in his palm, green eyes on Theo’s face. He looked a little befuddled, as though he was drinking too, even though she was sure there was only tea in his mug.

‘Harry?’ She repeated, resisting the urge to wave her hand in front of his face.

‘Hmm?’ He finally looked at her, and gave a startled blink, as though he’d only just realised she was there.

‘Mi?’ There was an immediate stiffening of his body language, the loose, dopey grin disappearing in an instant.

‘You’ve been crying. What’s wrong? Are you okay?’

Hermione touched a hand to her puffy face. She’d forgotten Harry would notice immediately.

‘Oh, god, yes.’ She said in a rush. ‘I’m fine, Harry, honestly. But, I’m not sure I’m ready to leave yet, and I know you’ve got work early in the morning. I was just going to say, you don’t have to wait for me. I’ll be able to Apparate now.’

There was a sound from behind her. Hermione turned to see Malfoy leaning against the counter, Aurora nestled in her usual spot along his forearm. His grey eyes settled on Harry, a wary tension stiffening the lines of his body despite the casual pose he’d affected. The tendons in his neck were taut, the fingers that rested on the counter flexing a little.

‘Malfoy,’ Harry’s voice was a little breathless, his eyes softening as they landed on Aurora.

He rose, chair scraping back from the table as he crossed the room.

‘I was so sorry to hear about your loss.’ He murmured, and Malfoy nodded, awkwardly taking Harry’s extended hand, not quite meeting his eye.

‘I’ll make sure Granger gets home safe.’ His voice was low. ‘We both will.’ He nodded towards Theo, who had also tensed, his eyes flickering between Harry and Malfoy and then to Hermione. He nodded his agreement. ‘Of course.’

‘I - ah-‘ Harry looked at his watch, eyes widening. ‘Merlin! Shit. Where the hell has that time gone?’

Theo’s lips twitched. Harry dithered.

He looked back at her. ‘Are you sure, Mi? It’s late for you, too.’

‘I know. But I don’t have work tomorrow, and all I’ve done is sleep these last few days, so I’m not tired yet. We haven’t really gotten started on Draco’s list of questions, so I’m happy to stay a little longer.’

‘Oh…okay.’ Harry looked somewhat dejected, seemingly reluctant to leave. He turned back to Theo, but neither man said anything. They just…stared at each other.

The moment stretched out, Harry and Theo’s silent eye contact holding for so long that eventually Malfoy cleared his throat, shifting uncomfortably behind her.

‘Yes, well,’ Harry muttered, clearing his own throat a few times. ‘Regrettably, I do actually have to work, and if you’re sure you’re okay, Mione…’ he trailed off, but he was still looking at Theo, not her.

‘I’m fine. You can go home and get some rest.’ She finished for him.

‘Yes.’ With what looked like a huge effort, Harry returned to the table, picking up his mug and placing it on the sink. ‘Thanks for the tea, Nott, it was… great… lovely.. uh, just how I like it.’

Theo nodded, one corner of his mouth slanting slightly.

‘Yeah, me too. I mean… no problem. Thanks for delivering Granger to us.’

‘I’ll see you out,’ Malfoy said quietly, and Hermione instinctively understood that he wanted to speak to Harry alone.

Harry bent and gave her a quick peck on her cheek. ‘Bye, love. Make sure you let me know when you get in.’ She gave his hand a quick squeeze, nodding as he stepped away and began trailing uncertainly behind Malfoy.

‘Uh, Harry?’ Theo called, and Harry turned quickly, spinning on his heel.

‘Yes?’

‘What is it you actually do, just out of interest?’

‘I’m an Auror.’ Harry informed him, a small, self-conscious smile curving his lips as he pushed his hands into his pockets.

‘An…Auror?’ Theo repeated weakly. ‘So you wear your wand in like…a thigh holster?’

Malfoy pulled a face from the doorway, his eyes meeting Hermione’s as he mouthed ‘What the fuck?’

Hermione shrugged, watching Harry’s cheeks go uncharacteristically pink.

‘Sometimes,’ he replied. ‘Or sometimes in a chest holster, like this one.’ He held open his tweed coat for a moment, giving Theo a flash of the leather straps banding over his shoulders and chest.

Theo groaned audibly, leaning forward to let his forehead thunk onto the table.

‘Salazar, have mercy.’ He whispered against the glass as Harry grinned gleefully at the top of his tousled head.

Malfoy loitered in the doorway, beginning to look impatient, and eventually Harry followed him out, leaving Theo and Hermione alone in the kitchen.

‘Granger?’ Theo’s voice was muffled where he was still face-down on the table.

‘Yes, Theo?’

‘Have you ever found something, or someone, so cute that you get this sort of inexplicable urge to just… eat them?’



* * *



Hermione was still giggling to herself when Malfoy came back into the kitchen ten minutes later. He looked drained, his expression drawn, but it softened a little when he saw her smiling.

‘Theo’s gone to bed?’

‘Yes.’ She replied quietly. ‘He said he had some urgent ‘business’ to take care of.’

Malfoy looked baffled for a moment, then a look of horrified disgust crossed his face, and Hermione realised his conclusion as to what Theo had to ‘take care of’ must be the same as hers. She giggled again.

‘Oh for fucks… they weren’t…‘ He ran a hand through his hair. ‘You don’t think those two-?’

Hermione shrugged, still smiling. ‘I wouldn’t be too surprised.’

‘Circe.’ He shook his head. ‘Are you sure you don’t mind staying?’

‘I really don’t mind.’

He smiled at last. ‘Okay, Granger. Thank you. Can I get you a drink at least?’

Hermione shrugged, glancing down at the time. ‘A coffee, maybe?’

‘Coffee at one am? Diabolical.’

But he made one for himself too, adding in three generous spoonfuls of sugar. A few minutes later they were heading back down the hallway to the master bedroom, Malfoy levitating a tray of coffee and biscuits in front of them, Aurora now draped over his shoulder, her rosebud mouth open as she dozed, dribbling onto her dad’s shirt.

He sat carefully on the sofa, making sure not to jostle Aurora. Hermione followed, nibbling on a biscuit and sipping her deliciously rich coffee gratefully.

She startled when she felt something a moment later, looking down to see Malfoy’s black-socked foot nudging against hers. She lifted her eyes to find him already looking at her.

‘Alright?’

Hermione nodded. ‘Better now. You?’

‘Yeah,’ he sighed with a small smile. ‘I’m better now, Granger.’



Chapter End Notes

🥹🥰🥹🥰 Next chapter:

Draco and Hermione tackle ‘The List’, Draco loses his ever loving shit at the funeral home and Hermione gets some interesting news at work!

Thank you for reading!





Chapter 9: Stand by me


Chapter Notes

Firstly, the response to last chapter literally blew me away 😭 thank you and I’m so glad we are all loving the budding NottPott and developing friendship between Hermione and Draco.

That being said, this chapter we only get fluff for the first half, the second half is difficult and quite brutal to write but imperative to the plot. Shall we say, more plotty, a lot less NottPotty! 😆 However, we are now set up for moving forward with the main players in this story, and after the last two chapters, both Draco and Hermione now have a much deeper understanding of who the other really is! I’m sorry in advance for the Greengrasses! I hate them!

Thank you to Smudgesonapage, Didsomeonesay_dracomalfoy and Black_phoenix22 for helping me through my worries this chapter!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Malfoy waited until Hermione had finished her coffee before drinking any of his own.

He passed Aurora over easily enough, but Hermione still saw it there - behind his eyes and in his body language. He didn't want to let her go.

Malfoy was always at his most relaxed when Aurora was pressed up against his chest, her small body curled between his bicep and forearm, his face tilted down to hers. Hermione saw the way his breathing evened out, the tension in his muscles bleeding away. She thought that at this point, he was only putting Aurora down in her Moses basket out of absolute necessity or his own exhaustion, other than that, she was perpetually in his arms.

She ignored the niggling urge to warn him about separation anxiety in the future, it just seemed cruel at this juncture. Both Malfoys were happiest when they were connected, and right now, their mutual dependence on contact-comfort would only serve to strengthen the father/daughter bond.

Aurora grumbled in her sleep during the transfer from Malfoy's arms to Hermione's, her bottom lip quivering, her eyes squeezing tightly shut. Hermione quickly turned her body inward, cocooning Aurora in her arms the way she’d always found settled babies the quickest. She pulled the same move that Malfoy had earlier, patting her bum and rocking her slightly. After a few seconds, Aurora calmed, her facial expression smoothing out in a way that directly contrasted with her father's own. Malfoy was rigid, watching them over the rim of his coffee cup, primed and ready to take Aurora back the second he decided she needed him.

As the baby's body relaxed and her snuffles quieted, he sat back, his posture forcibly less stiff. Regardless, Hermione saw it again, a brief flash of agony, quickly blinked away, a heavy swallow, the dip of his Adam’s apple as he pushed the wave of emotion down.

‘Do you ever want children of your own?’ He asked after a minute or two, his voice gravelly. ‘You’re so good with them.’

Hermione looked down at Aurora, considering how truthfully to answer. She let her eyes sweep over the swell of Aurora’s peachy cheeks, her splayed lashes, the little indent between her forehead and the bridge of her nose.

How to put into words the unending ache that came with her lifelong desire to have her own children, whilst also knowing that at thirty, motherhood was nowhere on her horizon.

‘Yes,’ Hermione hoped he couldn't hear the wistfulness in her tone. ‘One day, when I find the right person.’

Thankfully, Malfoy didn't ask her anything else. He only nodded, sipping his coffee again thoughtfully, the metal of his rings clinking against the porcelain.

'Shall we get started on your list?'

It was an obvious attempt at a quick subject change, but Malfoy allowed it. He merely nodded, draining his mug and quickly inhaling what Hermione estimated to be his third or fourth biscuit. She had to wonder if Draco was actually consuming any proper food, or if he was still living solely off sugar as a way to keep his body going. She knew only too well how unsustainable that was, and so should he, he'd already passed out once.

‘Yes…great.’ But he’d paused, a slight flush creeping up and over the runes on his neck. ‘It’s a long list, and some of the questions are quite possibly a bit… ridiculous. I just wrote them down as they came to me.'

He lowered the empty mug to his lap and peered into it, avoiding Hermione's eye as he motioned towards a towering pile of books on the bedside table.

'Pansy did bring me over some of Astoria’s baby manuals, and I’d planned to use them to try and find out the answers, but… I opened the first one and...she'd written notes on the page, so… I just couldn’t look any more. I should have read them...before, when she asked me to. But I was busy with work. I didn’t…’

‘I’ve got plenty I can lend you,’ Hermione cut in, becoming increasingly adept at foreseeing a spiral. ‘I’ll drop them over.’

Grey eyes flashed to hers, lips pressing tight as he exhaled a measured breath through his nose.

‘Alright. Thanks, Granger. That would be good.’

A flick of his wrist and he Accioed a folded piece of parchment and his reading glasses from next to the books, smoothing out the list one-handed on his lap and then sliding the glasses onto his face. ‘Ready?’

Hermione nodded. ‘Hit me.’

‘Okay.’ He took a deep breath. ‘Number one, now, I know we’ve already talked about this in the hospital...’

‘Draco,’ she warned with a groan. ‘If it’s about the soft spot on top of Aurora's head again, we’ve already been through this. It’s called the fontanelle, and it’s meant to be there. Aurora’s fontanelle is a perfectly normal size, and seeing her pulse there is also normal. You won’t hurt her by kissing her head gently. It will close by the time she’s a few months old. You only need to be concerned if it’s bulging excessively, or noticeably sunken in.’

His jaw firmed, and she saw the effort it took for him not to roll his eyes. She raised her eyebrows in challenge, and he pinched his lips together, a muscle twitching in his cheek.

‘Fine. You might have already told me that.’

Hermione snorted. ‘More than once.’

‘Alright, but-‘ he grimaced. ‘It’s… a hole, Granger, in my daughter’s bloody head. I feel like they should at least warn you about shit like that. I nearly expired on the fucking spot the first time I felt it.’

Hermione willed her eyes not to dart to the baby books as much as she willed herself not to burst out laughing. Instead, she forced her gaze down to Aurora as Malfoy put his cup on the side and whipped his glasses off, motioning for Hermione to pass his daughter back as he handed her the list in lieu of the baby.

He manoeuvred Aurora gently back into his arms with an audible sigh of relief, his body melting into the sofa, tense muscles relaxing as Aurora turned her face into his chest and snuggled in.

Hermione read through the list, silently aware of Malfoy watching her closely, pressing small, distracted kisses to Aurora’s cheek as he waited.

‘I told you they were ridiculous,’ he muttered after several minutes had passed and Hermione hadn’t spoken.

‘No, Draco,’ she corrected, her eyes running over the list again. ‘These questions aren’t ridiculous. You want to learn, you want to be the best dad you can be. That’s not ridiculous, it’s… it’s adorable, actually.’

Malfoy’s eyes widened and Hermione froze, immediately wanting to clap a hand over her mouth.

Had she just called Draco Malfoy adorable?

OUT LOUD?

Another glance up at his face confirmed she had.

‘I- no. I didn’t mean-‘

Oh god. She’d just called a recently widowed man, adorable.

She only meant how sweet it was that he cared so much about Aurora. Malfoy must know that, surely?

So why was he just staring at her? Why did he look as though she’d just smacked him clean across the face again?

‘Oh bloody, buggering hell.’ She buried her own face in her hands.

‘I’m so sorry, Draco, that’s so inappropriate. I wasn’t insinuating - I just meant- Aurora-‘ she stammered, her cheeks flaming as he suddenly barked a surprised laugh.

This time, Hermione’s eyes were the ones to widen. She lifted her head from her hands to fix him with a hard stare.

‘What on earth was that noise? Did you just… did you cackle at me, Draco Malfoy?’

He was still smiling, his eyes crinkling at the sides in that way they had, even as he shook his head in denial. But ‘Cackle’ really was the only word to describe the wicked sound he’d just let out, his pleasure in her embarrassment obvious. It hadn’t been a cruel laugh, though. It was teasing but good-natured. Hermione thought it was nice to see him momentarily unguarded, even if his amusement was at her expense.

‘I’m sorry, Granger,’ he said, not sounding it at all. ‘It’s just, people don’t usually tend to refer to me as adorable. Not since I was about six years old. It surprised me. Especially coming from you.’

‘Well, I’m rescinding it,’ she huffed, digging her toes into the bones on the top of his foot and making him yelp. ‘It was an accidental turn of phrase.’

‘Ow,’ he rubbed one socked foot over the other, still grinning. ‘You’re aggressive for a little one.’

Hermione glared at Malfoy, his baby tucked into his arms, grey eyes gentle, one side of his mouth curled up in amusement. Somehow, she found it hard to maintain the facade of irritation she’d been aiming for.

‘Come on,’ she grumbled instead, her mouth still trying to smile. ‘Let’s get through this list. I haven’t got all night.’

She curled her legs up underneath her, and Malfoy turned his body inwards, listening intently as Hermione made her way slowly through each question, endeavouring to answer as simply as she could.

They talked about feeding amount and frequency as Aurora continued to gain weight, how much spit-up was normal and how much newborns should be sleeping during an average day.

She once again reassured him that Clara knew what she was doing, finally agreeing that yes, she would check Aurora’s red book again if that’s what he wanted.

Hermione showed Draco how most babygrows had little pouches in the sleeves so that he could tuck them over Aurora’s hands when she slept, so she didn’t scratch herself. The mitts kept falling off, he complained.

They talked about baby carriers, Hermione trying in vain to convince Malfoy that things would be much easier if he had both hands free.

He appeared slightly more amenable to the thought of a sling carrier, although he was confident Theo would immediately take the piss.

Finally, after around thirty minutes, they got to the last question - the one Malfoy was the most anxious about.

‘I’ve given her some little sponge baths, like they did in the hospital,’ he explained. ‘But now her… her cord has fallen off. I thought she probably needed a real bath?’ He looked absolutely terrified at the prospect, and Hermione could only imagine how nervous he’d be doing it alone for the first time.

Choosing to ignore the lateness of the hour, she convinced him to fill the oversized bathroom sink, holding Aurora while he rolled his shirtsleeves and she showed him how to test the water temperature by dipping his elbow in.

They added in a little of the baby-friendly soap he’d been using for the sponge baths, the gentle lavender fragrance permeating the bathroom but doing absolutely nothing to relax Malfoy. He undressed Aurora painfully slowly, asking Hermione a million questions along the way.

Aurora was awake, blinking slowly around the bright bathroom, her little fists waving wildly in the air, legs drawn up to her tummy. Malfoy bent over the changing mat, blonde hair falling into his eyes, talking and talking to Aurora like he always did, a ceaseless stream of one-sided conversation, his eyes rapt on his daughter’s face.

‘It will be fine,’ she reassured him again after he told her he’d changed his mind. ‘You’re not going to let Aurora drown.’ Malfoy hummed an uncertain sound, frowning down at the sink as he rocked Aurora absently, one hand curved under her nappy-clad bum, the other cradling her head against his chest.

‘What if she slips? What if I drop her and she inhales a bit of water? Secondary drowning is a real thing, you know, Granger.’

‘We’re both watching. I promise I won’t let that happen, and neither will you.’ Hermione deliberately injected a level of firmness into her tone that she knew tended to work on him. ‘She’s a week old now, Draco, so it’s time she had a real bath.’

He held her eye for a moment, nostrils flaring.

‘Okay, fine. Let’s just get it done.’

He cast a cushioning charm over the sink, and then finally, the nappy came off.

Once Malfoy was in position, holding Aurora just above the surface of the water, Hermione stepped closer so that she was just behind him, watching his reflection in the huge gilded mirror above the sink.

He didn’t look up, his eyes locked on Aurora, but Hermione could feel the tension in his body, an anxious heat radiating off him in waves. His magic rippled too, whipped up by his nerves, racing through his veins and escaping through his pores, a dark, heady thing curling outwards to slowly fill the room along with the scent of the bubble bath.

When she thought he was finally ready, Hermione pulled up the long sleeves of her black dress and then, carefully, slowly, she slid her forearm along his elbow, pressing her palm to the back of his hand, the one that cradled Aurora’s head.

Malfoy let out a slow breath, practically trembling as they began lowering Aurora into the water together, Hermione guiding from behind, watching their reflection in the slightly steamy glass.

Aurora cried out a little as her feet touched the water and Malfoy flinched. Hermione tensed up, expecting him to immediately back out, but the baby quickly settled, her body going limp as the warm water lapped over her delicate skin.

‘You’re doing great,’ she murmured softly, still sensing Malfoy’s reticence through every taut inch of his body. He huffed out a sound of acknowledgement, grey eyes meeting hers for a fraction of a second in the mirror.

The bottom half of Aurora’s body was now completely submerged, but she was calm, her eyes wide, her feet kicking slightly, sending small splashes over the edge of the porcelain, soaking her father’s front.

‘Alright?’

A nod. ‘She’s not crying at least. I think she quite likes it.’

As she felt Malfoy’s body begin to relax, Hermione carefully began slipping her arm out from under his, allowing Draco to gradually take control.

Eventually, she stepped right back, waiting for his reaction. He barely appeared to have noticed, still smiling adoringly down at Aurora, his forearm resting under her head.

Hermione reached over the counter and passed him the little duck-shaped sponge they’d placed next to the bubble bath.

He murmured his thanks, dipping the sponge into the warm water and squeezing out the excess. Then, with excruciating care, he began rubbing it in small, bubbly circles over the wet blonde fuzz on Aurora’s head, over her arms and legs, squeezing water onto her tummy until the small wound on her belly button was clean and pink.

Hermione watched him in the mirror, and she wondered if she’d ever seen a man more devoted. It shone in his eyes with the way he looked at Aurora, radiating out from every cell in his body - utter reverence, fierce protectiveness. He really was a good father, she thought, not for the first time.

Eventually, Aurora began to get a little restless, and Hermione reached for a thick, fluffy white towel on the door, holding it open so that Malfoy could carefully lift the baby out and place her into it, snuggling her tightly as she finally began to cry.

As he turned, she saw the moment his eyes snagged on her Mudblood scar, the small smile dropping instantly from his lips, his throat clicking with the force of his swallow. She pulled her arm back the second she was able to, yanking down her damp sleeve and turning away.

The next ten minutes were much less relaxed than the bath had been. Aurora was deeply unhappy at the sensation of her wet skin bared to the cooler air of the bathroom, and there was a slightly frantic scramble to get her nappy on and dress her. Hermione helped by fetching and heating a bottle, the only thing that worked to settle the now extremely disgruntled baby.

By the time she’d settled again, Malfoy looked as drained as Hermione felt. However, as they slumped together on the sofa, heads tipped back in their now familiar position, he begrudgingly agreed that the bath had gone well and that he was feeling more confident for the next one.

‘Somehow, I don’t think Theo will be quite as competent an assistant.’ He murmured and Hermione laughed.

‘He’ll try his best.’

‘Yeah.’ Malfoy agreed, his tone brimming with affection. ‘He always does.’

At around four o’clock, as Hermione was preparing to leave, Malfoy’s phone beeped with a message. Surprised, he crossed the room and picked it up off the dresser.

‘Shit.’ The word was muttered under his breath.

‘Everything okay?’

‘Yes, fine, except Pans has woken up sick, she’s worried about making Aurora ill tomorrow if she comes to the funeral home.’

He bit his lip, fingers paused over the buttons as he debated his reply.

‘I was thinking it would have been good to have her there, to take Aurora if things got heated with the Greengrasses.’ He sounded very much like that was exactly what he expected to happen.

‘I can come?’ The words had left Hermione’s lips before she’d even fully thought them though.

Malfoy turned to her, frowning. ‘Don’t be ridiculous, Granger. I’d never ask that of you. You don’t need to be involved in any of this. No. Absolutely not.’

His tone was resolute, and Hermione didn’t even attempt to argue, belatedly realising that it was sure to be a private moment, and a very emotional one at that. She was out of line for even suggesting it.

But, a moment later, Malfoy’s eyes were on her again, his expression pained.

‘It’s just-‘ he chewed the inside of his cheek so aggressively she thought he must be drawing blood.

‘I can’t predict how difficult Cyrus Greengrass is going to make this. I really don’t want Aurora around any shouting. I could ask Theo, but…’

‘Draco,’ Hermione said softly. ‘Let me come. I’ll wait outside, and I can just take Aurora for a walk if you need me to. I won’t intrude.’

‘But-‘ he began.

‘No ‘buts.’ Hermione interrupted, sensing that he needed her to. ‘I’m coming. It’s Whitesnapple’s funeral home, yes?’ She tried not to think about the last time she’d been there, supporting Ron as the Weasley’s made Fred’s funeral plans.

Malfoy’s shoulders sagged, his tone defeated.

‘Yes.’

‘Right, I’ll see you there at eleven.’

After another brief hesitation, he nodded, granting her a small, grateful smile and after that, they didn’t talk about it any more.



* * *



Malfoy insisted on walking Hermione home rather than allowing her to Apparate alone.

He wrapped Aurora up in a snowsuit and blanket and cast a series of warming charms around her before placing her into a beautiful Silvercross Pram.

Aurora remained fast asleep, milk-drunk and exhausted after her bath time adventure.

The elevator ride was much smoother this time, Malfoy’s silky voice commanding it to glide slowly down to the lobby, the muted ‘ding’ as the door opened the only thing alerting Hermione to the fact that they’d actually touched the ground.

They stepped out of the main doors together, Malfoy dipping his head silently to the doorman, who quickly flicked his wand at the steps to make a smooth ramp for the baby carriage. If he was surprised to see Hermione and Malfoy leaving together at four in the morning, the doorman didn’t show it. He was clearly wary of Malfoy, his body language even more stiff and formal than it had been earlier that night.

They walked companionably through the dark, silent streets of Wizarding London back towards the flat, Hermione’s heels clicking on the pavement. She could see their breath curling out into the cold air, but she wasn’t remotely cold. She chose not to mention the fact that Malfoy must have extended Aurora’s warming charm to cover her when he’d noticed her shivering as they stepped out of the glass doors of Theo’s building.

They talked a little about small, inconsequential things - Hermione’s favourite restaurants in that part of London, how long she and Harry had lived together, where they’d lived before.

Malfoy asked some questions about Ginny’s budding Quidditch career - he’d followed it closely, Hermione was surprised to discover. He knew which teams she’d played for and was fervent in his belief that Ginny was a far better chaser than Shae Philips, one of her rivals for the position in the upcoming championships.

‘Do you still play?’ Hermione asked, curious about his life before Astoria’s death.

‘Yes, a little.’ He replied, gazing down at Aurora’s sleeping face. ‘Probably not again for a little while now though. I’m likely to be a bit busy.’

Hermione hadn’t even noticed they’d gotten to the ground floor door of her flat until Malfoy stopped, looking up at the high rise. ‘Thornbush Hill, flat nine?’

The lift was broken, so he couldn’t walk her up, but he insisted on waiting outside, stamping his feet against the cold as she unlocked the main door and Apparated directly to her floor.

She stuck her head out of the hallway window, waving to let him know she’d made it the short trip upstairs unharmed.

‘See you at eleven,’ she mouthed, not wanting to wake her neighbours.

He gave her a small salute, a tired grin and then turned, angling the pram back down the rain-slicked street.

Hermione watched Malfoy and Aurora until she couldn’t see them anymore, following his tall, broad-shouldered silhouette, his hair glinting under the orange streetlights. She waited until they turned a corner and disappeared from view, then she finally let herself in, bypassing the wards of her flat and knocking on Harry’s door to let him know she was home.

After a short cuddle with Harry, she dragged herself to bed, falling into yet another deep, exhausted sleep.



* * *



Harry had left for work when Hermione awoke the next morning. He’d text her to ask how her night had gone, wondering if she wanted to go for dinner with him and Ron later that night. She replied in the affirmative, imagining she’d certainly be done with Malfoy by seven pm.

She showered and dressed before calling Ginny to apologise for having to miss breakfast. Hermione felt extremely guilty about it, but Ginny was as easy-going as ever, promising to call in the next day before she left for France, and Hermione headed back to work.

‘Are you okay, though, Mi?’ Ginny’s concern was clear, even over the phone. ‘You seemed super out of sorts last night.’

‘I’m fine,’ she promised. ‘I’ll explain everything tomorrow.’

Ginny accepted the excuse without argument, a fresh wave of guilt pulsing through Hermione at how often she’d been asked the same question by her friends in the last week.

Clearly, she needed to get a hold of herself and remember that she was only helping Malfoy because he needed it. Remember that the developing friendship between them was a result of his need for support, and would no doubt cool as he got his bearings in his new, scary life.

She dressed demurely for the funeral home in a pair of fitted black trousers and a charcoal grey, knitted jumper. Like last night’s heels, the boots she chose were also Chanel, supple black leather with a pointed toe and a low heel. She could walk miles in them. She pulled her hair back into a braid, slicked on the barest amount of lip gloss and left for Theo’s, choosing to take the stairs rather than braving the temperamental elevator.

The version of Theo that opened the apartment door was almost unrecognisable from the bright-eyed, sultry version from the night before.

His curls were slicked back, only a few flicks remaining unruly at his collar. Theo was immaculate in a crisp white shirt, navy braces looping over his shoulders, connected with silver clasps onto the waistband of his perfectly pressed suit trousers. His face had none of his usual good humour, his blue eyes anxious, his jaw tense.

‘Granger, come in.’ He murmured, stepping back to allow her to enter and giving her a perfunctory hug. Blaise was already sitting at the glass table, an espresso in his hand. He was as well-groomed as ever, his face smooth-shaven, his hair razored sharply at the edges. Blaise’s shirt was black and form-fitting, tucked tightly into the waistband of his pinstriped trousers.

He cut dark eyes to Hermione as she entered, the tense atmosphere of the room almost swallowing her whole.

‘Morning, Granger. Thank you for stepping in.’

‘It’s no problem.’ Hermione breathed. ‘How’s Pansy?’

He grimaced. ‘She had a rough night, but she’s a little better this morning. She’s resting now.’

Hermione sat down at the table, accepting a coffee from Theo that she knew she wouldn’t drink. ‘Where’s Draco?’ she asked. ‘Is he…alright?’

‘He hasn’t come out yet this morning.’ Theo informed her. ‘He won’t until it’s time to leave. Draco’s not really…. doing so great.’

‘Oh,’ Hermione swallowed hard. ‘Of course. This must be very difficult for him.’

‘You have no idea.’ Blaise’s words were soft, but they still stung a little. Of course, she didn’t. She didn’t know Malfoy, didn’t know any of them. She was there out of necessity. Nothing more.

Eventually, at around half past ten, Malfoy finally left the bedroom. He entered the kitchen silently, a tall, imposing figure, dressed completely in black. His shirt, his waistcoat, his robes. It made his face look even paler, the angles of his delicate bone structure sharper than they appeared in the pale blues and whites he normally wore. Aurora was already in her car seat, wide awake but settled, sucking enthusiastically on her fist. She was wearing a little white bobble hat, the pompom on top bobbing as Malfoy placed her down gently, along with a soft leather baby bag, bulging at the seams.

His eyes were guarded when they met Hermione’s. He looked detached - a world away from the warm, open man she’d laughed with just a few hours before.

Theo left the apartment just before they did, heading out to his job in the finance department of the Ministry. He’d been quiet and subdued the entire time Hermione had been there, and she couldn’t help feeling that maybe he was a little hurt at not being asked to come.

Regardless, he’d hugged Malfoy tightly as he left. ‘Keep your fucking head, mate.’ His voice was gruff. ‘Don’t let those cunts get to you.’ Malfoy nodded, pushing his face into Theo’s shoulder for a moment before stepping away and picking up Aurora’s car seat.

Malfoy insisted Hermione sit next to Blaise in the front seat of the Mercedes for the journey to the funeral home. She crossed her legs awkwardly, the warm leather of the heated seats a strange sensation she’d never experienced before.

The car ride was smooth, the engine a low purr. Blaise drove with commanding ease, one hand on the wheel, the other on the gear stick, glancing periodically at Hermione and then back at Malfoy in the rear view.

Halfway there, Aurora began to cry, and Hermione thought it was actually a relief after the oppressive silence of the journey so far.

As soon as they arrived at their destination, Malfoy had her out of the car seat and back in his arms. Hermione passed him one of the bottles he’d packed and kept under a stasis charm, and he flashed her a small, tight smile, the storminess of his eyes finally betraying his nerves. He guided the bottle to Aurora’s mouth, his shoulders dropping gratefully as she finally calmed.

They waited in the foyer as Aurora finished up her bottle, Blaise going ahead to the room where they were supposed to be meeting the Greengrasses and coming back a few moments later, his expression grim.

‘They’re here already. In there with Clive Whitesnapple, choosing flowers.’

Malfoy sighed, his grey eyes flickering and then hardening. ‘Alright, thanks.’

‘I’ll just wait out here.’ Hermione breathed, her own nerves roiling in her stomach.

‘No.’ Malfoy seemed to have realised he’d snapped it, his voice softening when he spoke next.

‘I’m not going to leave you waiting around out here on your own, Granger. You can come in. There’s nothing to be said that you can’t hear. You know the score with the Greengrasses. And that way you’ll know if Aurora needs to be taken out.’

‘Are you sure?’

He assured her he was, and so, a few minutes later, Hermione was at his side as they marched down to the room where the Greengrasses waited, Malfoy’s black robes billowing behind him.



* * *



Anastasia Greengrass was a cold-looking woman, Hermione thought as they entered the room.

Her eyes were ice-blue below silvery hair, cut into a severe bob. She was wearing a structured black dress, tailored to her thin form. Her nails were painted red, sharp and pointed, just like the rest of her.

She stood up as Malfoy approached the funeral director’s desk, where there were already several pamphlets spread out, the harsh line of her mouth softening as her eyes lit on Aurora, cradled in her father’s arms.

‘Ohhhh, there she is!’ She crooned, stepping forward. ‘Look, Cyrus. There’s our granddaughter. Isn’t she beautiful! And she’s grown so much since we saw her last!’

Cyrus Greengrass turned, not bothering to get up from his chair. He was a big man, round where his wife was thin, his complexion the deep, unhealthy red of a man who had indulged far too much in his lifetime. He didn’t look particularly interested in Aurora, giving the baby a cursory once-over and mumbling something under his breath.

Anastasia stepped closer towards Draco, and Hermione saw the way his arms tightened around Aurora, the barely detectable way he pulled back, gritting his teeth as the woman leaned over his sleeping daughter, staring down into Aurora’s face.

‘How are you coping, Draco, dear?’ She asked, placing a small, arthritic hand on his forearm. ‘Are you managing alright?’

Malfoy said nothing at first, simply staring at her incredulously while behind him, Blaise threw up his hands, swearing under his breath.

‘As well as can be expected, thank you, Anastasia.’ He bit out eventually. ‘It has not been easy, as you can imagine.’

‘Nor has it been easy for us.’ Anastasia replied, pressing a hand to her chest, her voice taking on a mournful quality. ‘We lost our only daughter, you know.’

‘She’s not your only daughter,’ Malfoy hissed, his fury already apparent. ‘Daphne does still exist.’

‘Not to us, she doesn’t.’ Cyrus Greengrass finally spoke up, his voice gruff. ‘The day she decided to shack up with that Mudblood was the day she died in my eyes.’

Malfoy blanched, his eyes flickering to Hermione.

She forced herself not to react. The Greengrasses clearly had no idea who she was, neither of them had even given her more than a perfunctory glance, they couldn’t have known how the word would affect her.

‘Now, Cyrus. Let’s not get into that again.’ Anastasia simpered. ‘We’re here to plan a funeral for Astoria, and we need to do it well. We must make sure our daughter has the send-off she deserves.’

‘We’re so sorry, Draco,’ she said, turning back to Malfoy. ‘About what happened last week. We didn’t want to involve Child Protective Services. We acted only out of concern for you, and our grandchild, of course. We know how much you loved Astoria, and, well, with your history, we just can’t really see how you’ll manage with a newborn baby. You are… delicate after all.’

‘Bullshit.’ Blaise spat, and, across the desk, Clive Whitesnapple eyed him warily.

‘Now, I don’t put up with swearing in my establishment, thank you very much-‘

Blaise pointed his wand at Whitesnapple, and his words cut off immediately, his mouth still moving, his face turning an indignant rosy-red. Blaise shot him a vicious look, jabbing his wand in his direction again. The man’s eyes widened, and his jaw snapped shut. He held his hands up in supplication, sitting back with a mutinous expression.

‘If you are so concerned, Anastasia-‘ Malfoy’s voice was low, laced with venom. ‘Then you could have offered to help. You could have asked what I needed to make things easier. Instead, you tried to take my newborn daughter away from me.’

‘And eventually, boy, we will.’ Cyrus interjected, ambling to his feet and stepping forward. ‘You might have the authorities on side now, but that child is our flesh and blood, the only remaining pureblood child in our family line and heiress to both family vaults. We will not allow you to keep her from us. Merlin knows we expected you to make things difficult, you Malfoys always do. But I’ll be damned if I let any Greengrass offspring be brought up by a Malfoy. She’ll end up in the funny farm by the time she’s eighteen, off her head like the rest of you. No. She’s our grandchild, and we know what’s best for her.’

‘Like you knew what was best for Astoria?’ Malfoy had gone completely still, contempt dripping from every word, his magic building in the air.

‘Like you knew what was best for Daphne? You had two daughters, Cyrus. One ran away the first chance she got, hiding in the Muggle world so she never has to see either of you ever again, the other used to dread your visits every time you Owled. She would cry in my arms and tell me all the ways you made her hate herself, how you made her feel unwanted and inferior because of the curse, even when she did everything you asked of her. She never wanted you to come to the manor, but I convinced her to keep you in her life, to value the fact that she still had her parents around, even if you weren’t the sort of parents she wanted.’

‘She only didn’t want us coming because she was worried about us seeing the state of you!’ Anastasia hissed, her face contorting with quiet outrage. ‘She didn’t want us to see who she was married to. A shadow of a man, spending all your time moping around the manor after you got out of Azkaban, miserable, despite all the things your wealth could provide. She was always worried that you’d have one of your little episodes in front of us. She told us all about them, you know. How for the first year, you’d keep disappearing inside your own head for days, rocking back and forth, hallucinating that you were still in your cell. She was always so worried about you. We only convinced her to get pregnant because we thought it might cure the curse. That your ‘Pure’ blood might have been enough to finally end it for her.’

Both Blaise and Malfoy had frozen. Blaise’s mouth dropping open in horror as Malfoy seemed stuck, unable to comprehend what Anastasia had just said. Hermione remained hovering behind them, utterly shell-shocked by how quickly the meeting had descended into chaos, unsure of what to do.

‘W-what do you mean, convinced her?’ Malfoy asked, his arms tightening around Aurora, who thankfully remained blissfully asleep, her mouth slightly open, her little tongue resting in the space between her parted lips. ‘Astoria always wanted to be a mother.’

‘Yes, she did, ever since she was a little girl. But you know the story, Draco. Every few generations, someone in our family is struck down with an incurable blood curse. No one who develops it has ever recovered.’

Malfoy nodded, obviously knowing his own wife’s family history.

‘Except, after Astoria was diagnosed, I discovered that one cursed Greengrass did survive. She married a Pureblood lord. He was…Spanish or something.’ Anastasia waved a dismissive hand. ‘Anyway, she got pregnant with his child and somehow, as the pregnancy progressed, instead of rapidly speeding the curse along, as it usually does, the effects began to recede. By the time she had the baby, she appeared to have been cured, and she lived a long life, dying at the age of one hundred and thirty-two. Apparently, it was her husband’s blood that cured her. Something about the level of blood purity that cancelled out the poison in hers. When Astoria was younger, we’d hoped to find the same solution for her. It was why we insisted on completing the unbreakable vow with your parents when you were just children. Malfoy blood is some of the purest in Wizarding Britain, thanks to your generational hatred of Mudbloods. We’d hoped your blood might be pure enough to cure Astoria if she conceived, mingling with hers to counteract the curse.’

Hermione felt tears pricking at her eyes, and Blaise stepped closer, placing a warm, gentle hand over her own and squeezing, just for a moment, his eyes never leaving Malfoy’s face.

‘Thankfully, your father didn’t read the contract too closely,’ Anastasia continued. ‘He had no idea of Astoria’s curse when he bound you to her, his only concern being that you would marry into a Pureblood family. He signed your life away behind your mothers back, sealing the contract without asking a single question.

Of course, as time went on, we realised our own mistake. Your family’s shame brought shame upon ours by association, what with the awful Death Eater business and the fact that you were actually convicted of war crimes. But you and Astoria were already bound, and after Daphne ran away, you were our only hope of an heir, so -‘

‘Wait -‘ Malfoy’s voice cut through Anastasia’s ramble, his palm held up in the air.

‘You’re telling me, Astoria knew. She knew that getting pregnant would either cure her, or kill her ten times faster?’

Anastasia nodded. ‘She did. I told her around a year ago when it became clear that the curse was weakening her. She didn’t want you to know because she knew you’d never agree to try and conceive if you knew the risk. It took many letters and a lot of convincing, but we told her she had to at least try - it was the only hope for the continuation of our family line and it was her duty. It wasn’t as though she’d live a long life regardless, she always knew that. This was her best chance.’

Anastasia shook her head, tears glittering in her eyes when she looked up again. Hermione thought that all the tears served to do was make Anastasia’s stare even colder, there was no genuine feeling in them that Hermione could see.

‘We knew almost straight away that it hadn’t worked. Astoria Owled me and told me that she was getting sicker. She wanted to hide it from you, saying that you'd be distraught, worried that you’d relapse again. By then, you were away with work a lot, so you made it easy on her. She glamoured herself when you were home, took potions to hide the symptoms. We were consulting various private healers in the hope that we could do something to slow the curse, but then she went into labour early, and by the time we found out, it was too late.’

Malfoy had gone pale, swaying slightly where he stood. Blaise went immediately to his side, placing both hands on Draco’s elbows, his face dark with fury but his eyes unbearably sad.

‘I was away with work, as a cursebreaker.’ He gritted out. ‘I spent years looking for a way to help Astoria. If I’d had more time - maybe I could have. You - you took that time away from me.’

‘Oh, don’t pretend to be too cut up about it, son.’ Cyrus Greengrass butted in, his voice full of spite. ‘We all know you and Astoria were friends more than anything else. You never had a choice about where to put it. Now you can be free of our family. The marriage bond is over. We can take parental responsibility for the child, arrange regular visits so she knows who you are. All we will need is a regular child support payment from the Malfoy vaults, and you can be free. Go off and sow your wild oats. Do you really want a motherless baby weighing you down? You’re still young, go out and live a little.’

‘Hermione.’

She had been so engrossed in the conversation, so repulsed by what she was hearing from poor Astoria’s own parents, that she jolted when Malfoy said her name.

‘Can you take Aurora, please. Take her out of this room.’

The words were low, his jaw clenched tightly, magic rippling off his body in powerful waves. Hermione stepped forward, just as Cyrus Greengrass made a strangled sound of recognition, pointing at Hermione’s chest.

‘Hermione?’ His voice was loud as he finally looked at her. ‘Hermione Granger? I thought you seemed familiar, but assumed you were just the nanny or something.’ He laughed, an angry, cruel sound, sneering at Hermione like she was dirt on the bottom of his shoe.

‘You have moved on fast, haven’t you, Draco? And with Harry Potter’s little Mudblood no less? Your father would be turning in his grave.’

Hermione realised that Greengrass was losing his temper at the same time that Malfoy lost his. He turned to her, his face the picture of cold fury, writhing beneath a layer of panic, his pupils contracted to pinpricks. ‘Take Aurora, Hermione. Now. You need to go.’

‘Well, now you’ve given me all the reason I need to make sure you never have custody of my grandchild.’ Greengrass's voice was raised, his face contorted with rage. ‘Consorting with a Mudblood when my daughter’s body isn’t even cold?’ His cheeks had turned puce with anger as he shook a sobbing Anastasia off his arm. ‘I will RUIN you, Malfoy. You’ll be back in Azkaban before that baby turns one month old, mark my words. And you, Mudblood scum, don’t you even think about putting your filthy hands on my granddaughter!’

Cyrus Greengrass bared his teeth at Hermione, his eyes blazing. She froze when she saw the wand in his hand as he raised it.

‘Don’t you fucking dare.’ Malfoy hissed, a jet of blue light leaving his wand just as a red one left Cyrus Greengrass’s, aimed straight for Hermione. Malfoy’s curse redirected Greengrass’s, ricocheting the spell across the room to blast off the wall with a terrifying bang.

Malfoy raised his wand again, advancing on Cyrus Greengrass with a look of utter fury. His nostrils flaring, eyes burning with contempt. ‘You disgusting, cowardly old-‘

Hermione had barely managed to draw her own wand when she heard Blaise suddenly shout ‘FUCKING, STUPEFY!’ and both Greengrasses instantly dropped to the ground. Clive Whitesnapple cringed back in his chair, his hands over his head like a bomb had just gone off.

Malfoy was standing in the center of the room, Aurora clutched tightly to his heaving chest, eyes wild.

‘Granger.’ He breathed. ‘Are you alright? You’re not hurt?’

‘I’m- I’m fine.’ Hermione replied, her teeth already beginning to chatter from the rush of terrified adrenaline coursing through her body.

Blaise stumbled to sink into Cyrus Greengrass’s now vacant chair, his expression disbelieving, his skin the pale green shade of someone who was about to vomit.

‘Fuck.’ He grimaced, looking around the semi-destroyed room, at the two prone bodies lying on the floor, the silently ranting Funeral Director.

‘This is going to need a clean-up.’ He muttered, but Malfoy didn’t seem able to hear him. He was rigid, his glassy eyes flicking from Aurora to fix on Hermione face.

Suddenly, he stepped towards her and then Hermione was being crushed against Malfoy’s side in a tight one-armed hug, Aurora still nestled in the crook of his other arm. She could feel Malfoy’s heart pounding against her own chest as she turned into him, grasping tightly hold of his robes. With a shuddering breath she pressed her face into Malfoy’s shoulder as he gathered her tighter to him and she began to cry - fear, sadness and shock all rushing over her at once.

‘I’m so sorry,’ she could hear him muttering, his voice breaking on the words. ‘For what you had to hear, for the danger I just put you in… fuck.’ It sounded close to a sob. ‘I’m so sorry, Granger’

They stood that way for a while, Hermione wasn’t quite sure how long.

‘Malfoy, what do you want me to do?’ Blaise asked again. ‘We’re going to need to make this go away.’

‘I- I know someone who can help,’ Hermione whispered shakily, finally stepping out of Malfoy’s embrace. ‘Someone I’d trust with absolutely anything.’



* * *





‘Oh bloody fucking hell.’

Harry Potter stood next to Malfoy, his hands on his hips as he surveyed the damage of the funeral home, one scarred eyebrow raising when he recognised the Stupefied bodies on the floor.

With a small frown, he flicked a casual hand at the Incarceroused form of Clive Whitesnapple, knocking him out too.

‘Malfoy, mate,’ he muttered. ‘I think you’d better start by telling me what in Merlin’s fucking saggy tits I’ve just walked into.’



Chapter End Notes

😩😩 Poor Draco and poor Astoria! I hope I managed to get across the level of mutual love and care they had for each other and much they really did try and protect each other, despite the lack of choice either of them had.

I didn’t manage to get to Hermione going back to work so we will see that next chapter, along with seeing Harry really commit to the clean-up operation and Draco and Hermione working through the fallout.

Much more fluff abound next week I promise!

Thanks again for reading. I’m on Instagram

and TikTok as Wheredoesshego if you want to follow along for post updates etc!





Chapter 10: So darling, darling


Chapter Notes

Ahhhhhh!!!! I’m so sorry for the delay!!! This chapter has absolutely killed me. It’s taken me hours and hours to get to a place where I’m sort of happy with it!

This chapter is pivotal and everything that happens/ everyone’s actions will be explained!!

I feel like now this is here, the rest of the plot can flow!

I really, really hope you like it and thank you for reading! Thanks again to my betas!!

Lots of love Nicky!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



‘Christ.’

‘Yeah.’

‘Holy fucking shit.’

‘That too, Potter.’

‘I just don’t fucking believe this.’ Harry’s eyes narrowed as he looked around the ruined room, narrowing even further as he took in the blackened blast marks in the wall, evidence of the curse Malfoy had thankfully directed away from Hermione’s face.

He pointed down at the prone figures of Cyrus and Anastasia Greengrass, jabbing aggressively with the tip of his wand.

‘These two are just Stupified, right? Not actually fucking Avada’d, because, truthfully, mate… I don’t know if I’d blame you right now.’

Blaise let out a small huffed laugh from where he sat at Whitesnapple’s desk, carefully editing the funeral director’s charmed calendar to cancel out the rest of the day’s appointments.

Malfoy’s face, however, remained deadly serious as he cocked one blonde eyebrow at Harry. ‘Believe me, Potter.’ He drawled. ‘It was a close call. If that curse had actually hit Granger or he’d tried to come anywhere fucking near my daughter, I’d have murdered Greengrass with my bare hands.’

‘And I’d have murdered the other two to cover it up.’ Blaise added, his own eyes glinting.

Harry nodded thoughtfully, rubbing a hand over the short stubble on his chin. ‘All justified, of course. However, best not to say shit like that in front of an Auror, gents.’

‘Sorry, Potter.’ Blaise turned back to Whitesnapple’s ledger, barely managing to conceal his smirk.

‘And you’re sure you’re okay, Mi?’ Harry asked, his green eyes searching hers. ‘I can’t believe Greengrass tried to fucking Crucio you.’ He looked upset, and the sight of it made Hermione’s own chest tighten too. She hadn’t actually realised that the curse Draco had deflected was a Cruciatus until she’d heard him telling Harry a few moments ago. She repressed another shudder, still able to feel the echoes of the last time she had been Crucioed, despite it being over ten years ago - and, she realised with a start, in a room that had contained two of the three people that were staring at her now.

‘Yes. I’m fine, really.’ She insisted again. ‘Draco reacted quickly enough that it came nowhere near me.’

Harry accepted her answer, but she knew he would see how shaken up she was.

For his part, Malfoy was clearly still wracked with guilt, and Hermione already knew that no matter what anyone said, he’d be placing the responsibility for her near miss squarely on his own shoulders. She could see it, in the storminess of his eyes, in the hard set of his mouth. She’d felt it in the way he’d clutched at her afterwards, shock and remorse tumbling out along with every word of his repeated apologies.

‘I shouldn’t have agreed for Granger to come.’ He said to Harry now. ‘It was my mistake. I hadn’t thought for a moment that Greengrass would do something so fucking insane. I’d have never intentionally put anyone in danger.’

‘Malfoy,’ Harry said, giving him a knowing look. ‘You don’t need to explain it to me. Hermione wanted to be here, and I’m not sure if you’ve realised it yet, but if Hermione wants to do something, she’s going to bloody do it.’

At that, Malfoy finally looked at her. It wasn’t quite a smile that made his lips twitch, but it was the closest anyone was going to get, the barest momentary pull upwards.

‘She’s definitely…assertive,’ he agreed, and Harry barked out a sudden loud guffaw.

‘You don’t know Hermione like I do.’ He grinned. ‘She’s more than assertive. She’s bloody terrifying when she wants to be.’

At that, Hermione forgot that she was upset, placing both hands on her hips as she glared at the two men.

‘I’ll give you something to be terrified of, Harry James.’ She huffed, not sure whether to be endeared or frustrated with the fact that the former enemies were now bonding over teasing her.

In the end, she decided it was endearing, knowing deep down that it was tactical on Harry’s part - a skill he'd developed over his years as an Auror, designed to put Malfoy at ease, to gently pull him back from the ledge he’d been hanging off when Harry had arrived.

Despite the current calm, there was no escaping the impact of the vile things the Greengrasses had said and done. Hermione was certain the fallout would come, once Malfoy had a chance to process it all. For now, he kept his emotions squared firmly away. He was composed - inscrutable, the public version of Malfoy that Hermione recognised well.

‘Right.’ Harry muttered, wincing a little. ‘I’m really sorry, Malfoy, but I’m going to need a bit more information if I’m going to deal with this properly. You don’t have to tell me everything -‘ he looked apologetic. ‘But I am going to need to know exactly what preceded Cyrus Greengrass’s attack on Hermione, just so that I can make sure I’m not missing anything.’

Malfoy noticeably stiffened. Hermione watched as he braced himself, taking several calming breaths. He shifted Aurora onto his shoulder, his hand smoothing circles over her back.

‘Go ahead, Potter.’ He said eventually. ‘What do you need to know?’



* * *



Over the course of the next hour, Hermione found herself in awe once again at the level of mental fortitude Draco had been forced to cultivate throughout his life.

As though it were a mask he slipped on, he managed to conceal all his feelings behind stiff manners, using the reflective armour of formality and good breeding as a shield to protect him from whatever it was he had to do.

If she didn’t know better, she’d have believed that he was alright. She might have believed that he was unaffected by the vile words the Greengrasses had spat at him not an hour before, that he was fine with the fact that it was Harry Potter, his childhood enemy and the man whose curse wounds he still bore, who had come to his aid.

Hermione had been expecting more of the awkwardness she’d seen the night before between the two men - Harry and Draco’s chequered history still the inescapable elephant in the room. She’d realised she hadn’t had the chance to ask Harry what Malfoy had said when he’d walked him to the door at Theo’s, but something must have passed between them, because, despite Malfoy’s reservedness, the tension she’d been anticipating just wasn’t there.

Inevitably, despite Hermione and Blaise’s best efforts to preserve Draco’s feelings and his dignity, Harry had to hear most of what they had. He, too, discovered that even before Voldemort’s return, before being forced to become a Death Eater, Malfoy had already been destined for a difficult life.

He’d been bound into a marriage where there was likely to only ever be one outcome, his future signed and sealed by a father who had been so blinded by prejudice and bigotry that he hadn’t considered his son’s happiness long enough to even read the contract he was locking him into.

The fact that Malfoy and Astoria had cared so deeply for each other made it all so much more heartbreaking. It sounded like they had been each other’s anchor in a world where neither of them had any control - a port in the storm - much like Harry was for her.

She couldn’t imagine how hard it would be to suddenly find herself without him.

As Malfoy spoke, Hermione saw it, creeping slowly into Harry’s eyes. She hoped fervently that Malfoy couldn’t see it there, too.

Pity.

Pity for a man who had once, as an eleven-year-old boy, appeared to have it all - a loving family, wealth, untouchability.

But Malfoy had always just been a pawn, a moving piece in a chess game, valued only for what he could be used for.

‘Don’t!’ She’d wanted to shout at Harry. ‘Don’t let Draco see that you feel sorry for him, he’ll hate that.’

But she hadn’t needed to, because Harry had known.

As a boy, he too had been used, fed slowly into the jaws of the beast by a man he’d loved with his whole heart. Harry had also done everything that was expected of him without question, had been willing to sacrifice himself for the greater good. Discovering later that Dumbledore had kept so much from him had broken Harry's heart and his trust, something he still struggled with even now.

As children, Harry and Malfoy had been positioned on opposite sides of the war, both forced into situations neither of them had any hope of understanding. Now they were men of almost thirty - battle-scarred, both changed irrevocably by their respective pasts - but wiser, finally able to see each other for who they actually were instead of who they’d been told to be.

‘Okay.’ Harry said quietly, once he’d finally heard the whole story. ‘Alright.’

He met Malfoy's eyes, held them for a moment - bright green on stormy grey. Hermione wasn’t sure what passed between them in those few seconds, but Malfoy was the one to look away first, his expression pained.

‘Right.’ Harry sniffed, his own eyes shining as he glanced down at Aurora, nestled peacefully in Malfoy’s arms. ‘Let’s give these bastards a little of what they deserve, shall we?’



* * *



An hour later, after much discussion back and forth, they’d finally come up with a seemingly viable plan. The funeral director was to simply be Obliviated, his memory altered to believe that the appointment had been cancelled and the funeral arrangements scheduled to be sent by owl in the coming days.

As for the Greengrasses, Harry assured Malfoy that he had solid grounds for prosecution based on the evidence given. Cyrus Greengrass had thrown an Unforgivable at Hermione, his attempted Crucio violent and unprovoked. Aside from that, the use of the word ‘Mudblood’ was now an arrestable offence, and had been for several years.

‘I should tattoo it on his fucking forehead.’ Harry had muttered darkly, his anger twisting his usually mild features. ‘That old twat should be taught a lesson.’

Blaise had appeared delighted by the idea, but Malfoy had just looked a bit sick.

‘I think that word has been thrown around enough times today.’ He murmured, his eyes flashing to Hermione’s. ‘I think if I have to hear it again, I might lose my fucking mind, so I can’t imagine how Granger is feeling.’

The room fell silent, and Hermione felt her scar prickle aggressively as everyone tried their best to look anywhere other than at her, the pink slashes of each letter burning along the sensitive skin of her inner arm.

‘They need to pay for the shit they’ve done, Malfoy.’ Blaise muttered. ‘Not just to Granger, or to you, but to Astoria and Daphne too. These bastards cannot be allowed to get near Aurora, nor get their hands on a single galleon of her inheritance.’

Malfoy’s eyes flashed angrily. ‘Potter only has grounds to arrest Cyrus. That will leave Anastasia free to get to work. They’ll buy their way out of it, or use their contacts within the Ministry to override any attempted convictions. We both know how influence and blackmail work, don’t we, Zabini?’

He turned away, busying himself once again with Aurora, flicking his wand to Accio a bottle from the bag before sitting down to feed her.

‘I don’t want you to get into any trouble, Harry.’ Hermione chewed at her lip, worry gnawing at her insides. ‘I just thought you’d be the best person to make this go away.’

‘I won’t have any trouble, Mi.’ Harry replied confidently. ‘I have top-level clearance to pull some strings, plus, people don’t usually tend to question much when you’re the literal saviour of the Wizarding world.’

‘Oh for fucks sake, you aren’t still riding off that, are you?’ Malfoy rolled his eyes as Harry burst out laughing, clearly getting the reaction he’d been hoping for.

‘As modest as ever, I see, Potter.’ Blaise grinned, earning a wink from Harry and more muttering sotto voce from Malfoy.

In the end, it was decided that Harry would take the Greengrasses in, using selected memories from Hermione as evidence for their initial arrest.

The Greengrass’s assets would be frozen until further notice, and the CPS would be informed of the investigation, preventing them from taking any further steps towards seeking a custody arrangement for Aurora.

As to what would happen to Cyrus and Anastasia once he got them to the DMLE, Harry assured Malfoy that it was probably better he didn’t know. Malfoy had looked sceptical at that, but he appeared satisfied with the overall plan.

‘Gods, Theo’s going to lose his fucking shit when he hears about this.’ He’d whispered, not quietly enough that Harry couldn't hear. Harry’s face had flushed, a small, pleased smile lifting the corners of his mouth.

They spent another half an hour clearing up the mess in the funeral home, magically fixing the walls and picking up items that had fallen during the wand fight.

‘I think Cyrus actually did you a favour, showing his hand so recklessly today.’ Blaise offered as Harry began wrapping up. ‘Maybe this shit show was actually a good thing.’

Hermione could see what Blaise was attempting to do, but Malfoy had just looked miserable, his eyes sliding to Hermione again.

‘Granger could have been badly hurt.’ He frowned. ‘And Astoria is still dead because my blood couldn’t save her. Aurora still doesn't have her mum, and now she’ll never have a relationship with any of her grandparents. Sorry, Blaise, but I can't say I can see much to feel positive about.’

Blaise placed a hand on Malfoy’s back. ‘Well, at least we know Aurora will stay where she belongs. With her father, safe and protected.’

Again, Malfoy didn’t look comforted by Blaise’s words. He stepped away, surreptitiously shaking off Blaise’s hand as he turned back to Harry.

'I do- ah, really appreciate you coming, Potter.’ He muttered gruffly. ‘Let me know if there’s anything you need me to do.’

‘No problem.’ Harry grinned back, pumping Malfoy’s hand enthusiastically. ‘This was actually much more interesting than the day of paperwork I had planned.' He paused. 'Maybe I’ll see you at work again soon? When you’re ready to come back, of course.’

‘Yeah…maybe.’ Malfoy looked doubtful, eyes drifting down to Aurora, who was now strapped safely back into her car seat.

‘I think I'm going to stay with Potter for a bit and just finalise a few of the logistics,’ Blaise said. ‘Make sure there’s no legal issues we’ve overlooked. Are you okay to drive back?’

Malfoy nodded, catching the keys Blaise threw him one-handed. 'I hope Pans feels better. Give her a hug from me and Aurora.'

'Will do, mate.' Blaise replied. 'Speak later, okay?'

A sharp nod and Malfoy turned away, picking up the car seat and loitering by the door so Hermione could say her goodbyes, looking just as shell-shocked and exhausted as he had that first night in the hospital.

Hermione gave Harry a tight hug, agreeing that they probably needed to push dinner with Ron back a few days. Then, she and Malfoy left, heading back out of the funeral home the same way they came in, blinking in the late afternoon sun.



* * *



Malfoy was quiet as he fixed Aurora’s car seat in place, setting up the observation charms and a reflection charm so that he could see her face in the rear-view mirror.

Aurora was a little fractious at first but once the car started, she settled, lulled quickly to sleep by the thrumming of the powerful engine.

Like Blaise, Malfoy made driving look natural, as though it was something he'd been doing forever. He’d taken off his heavy robes and rolled the cuffs of his black shirt, so that Hermione could see the tendons in his forearm shift as he gripped the wheel, reversing effortlessly out of the narrow parking spot and manoeuvring them onto the road.

The journey home was as painfully silent as the way there had been, Malfoy chewed on his bottom lip, grey eyes continually darting to check on Aurora in the rear view. Hermione looked down at the weathered platinum band of his wedding ring and then up to the side of his face, trying to decide where to begin with all the things she wanted to say to him.

‘Draco,’ she tried, when she couldn’t stand the waiting any longer.

He didn’t look at her, his eyes still trained on the road, shaking his head almost imperceptibly.

‘Don’t, Granger. Please.’

Hermione frowned, frustrated but not surprised.

‘A-alright… just…I’m here, if you do want to talk, about anything. Whenever you’re ready.’

She waited, but got no further response, no acknowledgement that he’d even heard what she said.

As the journey continued, she became aware that Malfoy’s magic was slowly beginning to fill the car, thick and cloying, heavy with all the emotion he was continuing to repress. Hermione pushed her hands between her knees, watching him out of the corner of her eye. He was grinding his teeth, clearly beginning to stew over the things he’d learned that day.

Hermione felt a bit like she might vomit, half willing the journey to be over but also filled with an odd sense of anticipatory dread at the thought of it ending.

As they pulled up outside her flat, Malfoy reversed the car into a free space, pulling up the handbrake and turning off the engine.

He finally turned to her, but something was different. There was a detachment in his gaze that felt so at odds with the warmth and familiarity she’d come to expect.

'Thank you for coming today, Granger.' He muttered, still not really looking at her. ‘You’re sure you’re alright?’

’I’m fine. Thanks to you, nothing actually happened to me. But Draco-‘

He scoffed bitterly, scrubbing a hand over his face. ‘Sure. It was nothing. You’re absolutely fine and completely unaffected by almost getting Crucioed again.’

Hermione hadn’t been expecting the anger she heard underneath the layers of guilt.

'Draco,' she tried again. 'What the Greengrasses said today. You need to know-‘

‘Stop.'

Malfoy took in a deep breath and let it out slowly, pausing to check on Aurora in the rearview again. She was still sound asleep.

'Granger,’ he turned exhausted, shadow-ringed eyes to hers. 'I don't want to do this. I cannot do this. I need you to get out of the car. Please.'

Afterwards, looking back, Hermione could see her own mistake. She should have done as he'd asked. She should have gotten out of the car and walked away.

In hindsight, it was clear that Malfoy was barely holding on, that he'd been waiting for her to leave before he let himself feel everything. He had practically begged her to give him space. Maybe if she’d listened, they might have been able to talk things through rationally, another time.

But she’d been blind to it, blinkered by concern and her ridiculous notion that there was always a way she could help, even when dealing with situations far beyond her own limits of experience.

'You don't need to be alone with this, Draco.' she began. 'We can talk it through. I'm sure Astoria wouldn't want you to bottle things up.’

‘Excuse me?’

Hermione stopped speaking, her mouth snapping shut as she registered the abrupt change in Malfoy’s demeanour, the pulse in the magic emanating from the man sitting not even a foot away from her.

He turned to her, eyes now dark and glittering. There was an edge to his tone that she’d never heard, not when he was younger and certainly not recently. His features were hard, jaw clenched.

'Do not fucking presume to know anything about what my wife may or may not have wanted.’ The words were low, delivered with deadly restraint, despite the flush spreading along his cheeks and neck and the death grip he had on the steering wheel. ‘With all due respect, Granger, you’d never even met Astoria. You know nothing about her. Nothing about our life. Just because you heard a few sordid stories today, it doesn’t mean you know shit.’

Every word was bitten out, every vowel crisply enunciated.

‘Draco, I’m sorry, I-‘

‘No. I’m the one that’s sorry, Granger. I allowed you to become far too involved. I was weak and I was stupid and I gave in to the way it makes me feel to be around you…Like maybe I could be someone else, do better….actually succeed at something for once with the great Hermione Granger guiding me through it.’

He huffed out an incredulous, humourless laugh.

‘And look, within less than a week, I almost got you cursed. My father would have been very impressed.’

Hermione couldn't help the small cry of surprise that was wrenched from her chest as Malfoy's palm suddenly slammed down hard on the steering wheel.

He let his head fall back against the leather headrest, closing his eyes, squeezing them tightly shut.

'Astoria knew me,' he whispered. 'She knew the shit that haunts me, that makes me want to crawl right out of my skin. She - she always said that she loved me anyway. But really, she was just stuck with me, wasn't she? Even if she hated me, Astoria couldn’t leave, not until she went and bloody died.’

His eyes opened and he turned to look at her.

‘But you can leave. You can walk away from this fucking shit show and get on with your life with your shiny, happy friends.You had it right the first time, Granger - back when you hated me. Listen to fucking Longbottom and stop thinking you can fix everyone and everything. Some things - some people are just too far gone, even for you.’

Hermione was momentarily frozen, lightheaded from holding her breath, a dull ache spreading out from the centre of her chest. Malfoy looked like he was in pain too. His throat working, his face chalky white.

‘Get out of the car, please.’

‘Draco-‘

‘Goodbye, Granger. Thank you for everything you’ve done for Aurora and I. Take care, alright?’

His eyes were flat again, his expression intentionally blank. Hermione realised she was looking at the other version of Malfoy.

He’d closed himself off from her.

Determined not to cry, she nodded. She cast one last look back at Aurora and then, without another word, she got out of the car and walked towards her flat door.

He’d driven away before she even reached her front step.



* * *



Returning to work was a good distraction.

After just a few days on the ward, Hermione had felt like she’d never been gone.

She tried hard not to dwell on what had happened with Malfoy, to not think too deeply about how things had been left between them.

She didn’t contact him, and she heard nothing in return.

She kept busy, spending time with Ginny before she left for France, taking on extra hours at work, even going out on one disastrous date (she’d lasted less than an hour before sending an SOS to Luna, who had immediately called her back with a fake ‘emergency’ so she had an excuse to leave).

She hadn’t told Harry exactly what had happened in the car, not able to bring herself to repeat the last things Malfoy had said.

When Harry had returned that night, he’d assumed she was just upset about Greengrass, assuring her that everything was dealt with and she didn’t need to worry about him ever again.

She’d snuggled into Harry’s arms and thanked the gods once again for giving him to her, trying not to cry as she thought about Malfoy, and how he might be spending the night as he came to terms with the horrendous things he’d been told.

Harry was busy too, working all hours on a new serial murder case - a series of poisonings all seemingly connected to a missing witch named Casalia Brown. He’d left for Italy a few days ago following a promising lead. They spoke all the time, but Hermione still felt like she was missing a limb.

That day, the ward was frantic. Hermione had three patients in active labour and another four in recovery, one after a very long and difficult delivery.

She had spent the last few hours with the new mum, bringing her tea and toast and supporting her with breastfeeding. The baby was sleepy, struggling to latch on and mum was exhausted and emotional.

'Just place a finger here, on his chin,' Hermione said, gently, holding the baby in position. 'When he opens his mouth, use your thumb to help him open it a little wider as you bring him up from underneath and guide his head forward.'

It took a while, but eventually the latch was perfect and Hermione smiled with satisfaction. 'Can you hear?' She asked. 'That clicking sound when he swallows has gone. He’s latched on just right.'

She’d stayed a little longer, bustling around until she was certain both mother and baby were settled and comfortable before leaving to complete her ward rounds.

At about two o'clock, she made her way back to the front desk, having been told that Ernie wanted to see her.

'There's someone waiting for you.' He muttered when she arrived, not looking up. 'Out in the corridor. I haven't let him in because he has no one to currently visit on the ward.'

Ernie looked furious and also a little scared, the tips of his ears pink, cheeks flushed. Hermione glanced up at the clock, surprised to see that she’d completely missed her lunch break.

She went to check that no one needed anything before heading down the corridor to the double doors at the exit to the ward.

Theodore Nott was leaning up against the wall of the hospital corridor, his legs crossed at the ankles so she could see a peek of his bright pink socks between the cuff of his grey trousers and his shiny shoes.

His hair was slicked back, and under his outer robes, his shirt was a crisp white beneath a double-breasted waistcoat, his tie perfectly matched to his socks. He looked exactly what she'd expect for a clean-cut Ministry financier, other than the small silver hoop in his left ear and the wicked grin that was spread across his handsome face.

'Hello, darling,’ he drawled, pushing himself off the wall and stepping towards her. ‘Care to join me for a spot of lunch?’ He held up a heavy paper bag bearing the logo of her favourite wizarding deli.



* * *



'You scared Ernie again.' Hermione said as they made their way down towards the main doors a few minutes later. 'He was all nervous and twitchy. What did you say to him?'

'I've no idea what you mean.' Theo’s eyes were wide and innocent despite the mischievousness in his tone. She laughed, nudging him gently with her elbow.

‘Be good, Theodore. I have to work here, remember.'

Theo grinned. 'I'm always good, Granger. Make sure you tell Harry that, okay?'

She arched an eyebrow and smirked. ‘Why don’t you tell him yourself? I can give you his number if you like?’

‘Oh, I never make the first move.’ Theo shot back. ‘I’m shy.’

Hermione burst out laughing at that, unable to believe for a single second that Theodore Nott was anything even approaching shy.

A moment later, they'd left through the main doors of Saint Mungo's and walked out towards the small green just down the road. The day was sunny and crisp, pleasant enough to sit outside with a half-decent warming charm.

They entered the green through the small wrought iron gate, walking down the path until they found an empty bench to sit on.

Hermione waited for Theo to speak, growing concerned when after several minutes he still hadn’t said a word, his blue eyes appraising her soberly.

‘Theo, is everything alright? Is everything okay with Aurora?’

‘She’s fine.’ He said eventually. ‘Growing freakishly fast. The DWCPS finally came last week. They did their initial home visit.’

Hermione felt her stomach lurch. ‘They did? How did it go?’

‘It was fine. They were happy with the house, obviously. The woman said she could see how much Draco dotes on Aurora, how well he looks after her.’

She sagged with relief. Just because she wasn’t seeing Malfoy and Aurora any more didn’t mean she’d stopped caring.

‘He got snappy with the community midwife last week, though. She said something about him holding Aurora too much.’

Hermione smiled ruefully.

‘I can imagine he took that really well.’ She said and Theo laughed.

‘Yeah, he was totally chill about it.’

'How is Draco in himself?'

Theo grimaced. 'What do you think? The man is an absolute wreck, Granger.'

Hermione felt her heart soften, despite the way she'd left things with Malfoy. Of course, he was a wreck. He'd been a wreck ever since Astoria had died, and things seemed to only have gone from bad to worse ever since.

'He's absolutely mortified about how he spoke to you, you know.’ Theo said.

'Well, he doesn’t need to be. I shouldn't have pushed him to talk when he wasn't ready.'

'He feels shitty about it,' Theo said. 'As well as all the guilt he has about you almost getting hurt. That’s all it was, you know that, right? He’s pushing you away because he feels guilty for putting you in danger. He'll come round.'

'I do know that.' Hermione replied carefully. 'But honestly, he was right when he said I was too involved. I mean, really, Theo, it’s only been a month since Draco's wife died. Of course, he's a wreck, it’s more than understandable. I was a familiar face when he was thrown into the deep end that first night, and I've been a comfort for him in terms of being someone who knows how to look after a baby. But at the funeral home, I ended up being privy to something deeply personal, and it was inappropriate. Lines were crossed that shouldn't have been in terms of a patient/healer relationship, and that's on me. I should never have given him my number in the first place. He has you, Blaise and Pansy to love and support him and the community midwives to help with Aurora. There's absolutely no reason for us to speak again.'

Theo put his sandwich down, placing it carefully on top of the paper bag he’d spread out on his knees.

‘Astoria’s funeral is taking place tomorrow.’

Hermione’s stomach lurched again. This time, so violently she thought she might actually vomit. Theo suddenly looked unbearably sad, and Hermione was painfully reminded that he was grieving too.

He had also lost a friend when Astoria died, and he was currently watching his best friend go through hell. For all his smiles and laughter, Theo must be struggling in his own way

‘Oh god.’ She murmured. ‘I didn’t realise it would be so soon. Draco must be in pieces.’

Theo shrugged. ‘It’s hard to tell at the moment. He’s just completely focused on Aurora. He won’t talk about anything, won’t even acknowledge what was said at the funeral home, even though I know it’s torturing him.’

Hermione’s hand flew to her mouth as she suddenly realised what the funeral would entail. ‘The Greengrasses? Wouldn’t they have to come? She was their daughter after all.’

Theo grimaced. ‘They are coming later with an Auror escort. They won’t be allowed anywhere near Malfoy or Aurora. Apparently Potter sorted it all before he left.’

Hermione didn’t know what to say. She couldn’t imagine how hard the day would be for Malfoy, for all of them, but she also didn’t know why Theo had come to tell her about it. Malfoy hadn’t contacted her, he had told her exactly how he felt and she had told Theo how she did.

‘Why are you telling me this, Theo?’ She asked. ‘Is there something you need me to help you with? Anything I can do?’

Theo shook his head.

‘Nothing like that. I just…’ he sighed. 'Listen, Granger, you don’t know Malfoy like I do. You don’t know how many times in his life he’s been told that he’s failed, that he didn’t live up to someone’s unrealistic set of expectations. He’s so fucking hard on himself. He can’t see what we do - doesn’t understand why we’ve stuck by him all these years. Astoria loved him too - no matter what he believes.’

Theo’s blue eyes were glassy, and Hermione instinctively reached for his hand, linking their fingers and squeezing tightly. Theo squeezed back, his palm warm and soft.

‘I genuinely believe she only agreed to try for a baby because she already knew she was getting sicker. Cursed Greengrasses don’t live long after they start deteriorating. I think Astoria really hoped it would cure her, and if not, at least she could try and give Draco something to live for, after she was gone. Something to keep fighting for.’

Hermione nodded, thinking of how hard Astoria had also fought. The hopeful way she’d looked at Aurora before she died.

‘Now he thinks her death is his fault - that even the blood that flows through his fucking veins isn’t good enough.’ Theo’s words hit Hermione like a gut punch. She knew only too well how that felt.

‘All I’ll say is, you’re far more to him than just a Healer. Whatever connection there is between you - it’s important to him - to all of us. Don’t believe that because he pushed you away that he doesn’t care. Give him the chance to make it up to you, when he’s ready.’

Hermione didn’t know what to say. She didn’t know how to process everything Theo had just thrown at her. Once again, her emotions surrounding Draco Malfoy were overwhelming and confusing and she couldn’t bear how sad it all was.

‘Fuck.’ Theo said, seeing her face. ‘I didn’t mean to make you upset. I’m sorry.’

‘It’s okay,’ she said. ‘I appreciate you coming to see me, Theo. I just don’t know what to make of it all. I don't know how to feel.’

‘I get it. Just, don’t write him off, okay? He’s had enough of that in his life. Plus, we need some fresh meat around here. The friendship group is definitely getting a bit stale now Blaise and Pansy are an old married couple and Malfoy has a baby.'

Hermione laughed. 'By fresh meat, I'm assuming you mean Harry, not me.'

Theo laughed. ‘Both, if you’re interested, Granger?’

Now it was Hermione’s turn to laugh. ‘I think I’m missing a few very vital faculties for you, Theo. But I’m pretty positive Harry would be interested if you’d just stop being so shy.’

Theo stepped back, one hand in his pocket, the other running nervously through his hair, ruffling up his attempt to slick it back. Hermione thought that he actually did look shy. Maybe there was more to his feelings for Harry than she thought.

‘I’ll think about it.’ He said. ‘I’ll text you.’

‘Alright.’ Hermione squeezed his hand again. ‘I really think he’d be happy to hear from you.’

Five minutes later, they arrived back at the hospital doors and Hermione reached up to give Theo a hug. 'I’ll be thinking of you all tomorrow.' She murmured. ‘I hope it goes as well as it can do.’

Theo hugged her back tightly before turning away, and as she watched him go, Hermione thought that he really was perfect for Harry. Handsome, funny and a truly loyal friend.



* * *



The funeral day came and went, marked by a horrifically intrusive article published in the Prophet just hours afterwards.

Hermione refused to discuss it, needing to go and have a short, private cry in the bathroom after catching sight of a discarded copy left in the hospital waiting room.

The article included a moving photograph of Malfoy, dressed completely in black, walking away from the graveyard with Aurora in his arms, tightly flanked by a small group of people Hermione instantly recognised as Pansy, Blaise and Theo, their faces pale and tear-streaked, their grief raw and obvious. Malfoy looked completely broken, clutching Aurora like the lifeline she was.

However, despite Theo’s words, Hermione didn’t hear a word from him.

Weeks went by and she thought about Malfoy often, wondered how he was managing with Aurora, imagining how much she must have changed.

Eventually, she decided that maybe Theo had gotten it wrong, that Malfoy really had meant what he said in the car and he just wanted Hermione out of his life and to move on.



* * *



It wasn’t until almost three months had passed that Hermione woke up one morning and discovered that something felt different.

It took her almost twenty minutes to realise what it was, but when she eventually did she was unable to force herself to wait, barely even managing to take the time to get dressed before she Apparated straight to Theo’s penthouse, finally taking advantage of her ‘I’m Hermione bloody Granger,’ privileges to convince the doorman to let her up.

She stepped out of the lift and banged on Theo’s door, louder than she meant to, forgetting herself in the fog of emotion that engulfed her.

When the door swung open, she was momentarily speechless when she found herself face to face with a shirtless Malfoy. He had clearly been working out, as evidenced by the weights spread out on the floor behind him next to Aurora’s bouncy chair. There was sweat dripping down his chest, his hair damp and pushed back from his face. He was panting, but he stopped when he saw her, almost appearing to have ceased breathing altogether.

‘Granger,’ he said, grey eyes wary as he took her in, dishevelled and furious. ‘Listen, before you start shouting-‘

‘Give me your arm.’ She demanded and he frowned, stepping back from the door.

‘Granger, I-‘ Hermione darted forward, grabbing his wrist and angling his forearm so she could look at it.

The second she looked down, she burst into tears, dropping Malfoy’s arm and using two hands to push at his chest, almost sending him stumbling back into the room, eyes wide with surprise.

‘Draco,’ she sobbed. ‘You bloody idiot. You stupid, stupid man. Why did you do that? How the hell did you even-?’ Hermione couldn’t finish her sentence, so overcome with emotion as she let him tentatively, gently pull her to him and wrap one arm around her shaking shoulders.

She looked down her own arm again, the skin completely smooth where it had once been scarred.

Because now, Malfoy’s forearm, the one that had previously been unmarked, bore eight crudely slashed letters, etched deeply into his skin.

M-U-D-B-L-O-O-D





Chapter End Notes

😭😭😭😭😭

Guyssss!!!!!! Everything will be okay, I promise. I had to break it apart to fix it!

Listen, next chapter is already half written and it’s much, much lighter - we get more Aurora and more NottPott!!! Oh, and Draco has some serious explaining to do.





Chapter 11: Stand, by me


Chapter Notes

Gahhh! I cannot describe my relief for the support and love in the comments of last chapter…I struggled with it so much and it means a lot to me to have you all here!

This chapter was much easier to write, however, I feel like again there is so much emotion to unpack and both Draco and Hermione are massively overwhelmed.

Hopefully I’ve managed to portray as realistic portrayal as I can of two people who are feeling and experiencing things they don’t fully understand and don’t truly have the capacity to unpack in real time.

The timeline of this fic will continue to have small time jumps and each character is discovering things along the way -both about themselves and the other person.

I appreciate you all!

Love

Nicky xx



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione was distraught.

She was furious, absolutely livid.

She reminded herself of those things as she found herself allowing Malfoy to hold her against his warm, sweat-slick chest, simultaneously inhaling the coalescing scents of clean perspiration and expensive aftershave, her own hands limp at her sides. Hermione’s cheek was damp with Malfoy’s sweat and her own tears. It was unseemly, and he had a bloody nerve, but she couldn’t quite -

‘I told you she wouldn’t be happy, mate.’

Hermione startled at the voice, lifting her head and peering around Malfoy’s bare bicep to find Theodore Nott, also sweaty and half-dressed in just sports shorts, socks and trainers, standing awkwardly behind them at the large marble island that took up the kitchen area of the apartment.

‘Oh! Theo!’ Hermione tried to pull away, wriggling out of Malfoy’s grasp. He tightened the arm he had around her shoulder for the briefest second and then let her go, stepping back and scrunching his nose, seemingly preparing for her to unleash.

Hermione reached down for his wrist again, her heart squeezing as she took in the raw skin around the word gouged there, the shape of each letter so achingly familiar but now no longer hers to wear.

‘Draco,’ his name was a raw sound, escaping from deep within her chest. ‘What have you done?’

‘Granger, it’s okay-‘

‘Don’t.’ She hissed in an echo of some of the last words he’d said to her. ‘Don’t you dare. Don’t you think for one second that I’m just going to accept …whatever this is! I don’t hear from you for months, and then suddenly the scar I’ve had for ten years is on YOUR arm! How?’ She spluttered. ‘How did you even do it? And why? Why, Draco?’

Malfoy pulled his wrist gently out of her grasp, angling his arm behind his back like he thought that if she couldn’t see it, she’d forget about it.

He raked the fingers of his other hand through his hair, leaving damp blonde strands to stick up everywhere as he shrugged.

‘I just wanted to.’

The words were delivered so calmly and with such misplaced nonchalance that Hermione’s anger was instantly reignited.

‘WHAT?’ She burst out, and Malfoy winced, holding up a placating hand that she wanted to slap away. ‘What kind of an answer is that?’

Behind Malfoy, Theo winced too, pulling a face and shaking his head.

‘Draco, man,’ he muttered. ‘You’re killing me.’

Malfoy turned slowly, fixing Theo with a withering look.

‘Nott. Do me a favour, and fuck off would you, mate? I’m sort of in the middle of something here.’

Theo looked mock-offended, his signature grin bunching his cheeks. ‘Oh, but I really want to watch this. I want to see Granger prove me right and kick your lanky arse from here to Hogsmeade.’

‘Theo.’ Malfoy’s tone was a warning, and Theo laughed again, walking around the island and heading to the bouncy chair.

‘I’ll take this little lady with me, shall I? Give you two some time to talk?’

Hermione gasped as she laid eyes on Aurora for the first time in three and a half months. Her peach-fuzz hair was now a blonde halo around her head, fine and straight like her father’s. She was still small for her age, but she had grown several inches and filled out beautifully, her cheeks round and pink, her eyes bright and alert. She gurgled as Theo reached down, releasing the fist she’d been sucking on as he deftly undid the clasps around her waist and lifted her out of the bouncy chair, resting her on his hip with an arm banded around her back to keep her secure.

‘Aurora’s been watching daddy torture uncle Theo with press-ups this morning,’ Theo cooed, gazing down at her fondly. ‘You enjoyed that, didn’t you, darling?’

He turned to head down the hallway, but Malfoy called out before he’d taken a single step, crossing the room quickly to reach them. Aurora smiled widely as her father approached, squirming in Theo’s arms, clearly excited by Draco’s proximity. ‘Daddy loves you,’ he murmured, kissing her on the head and then the nose tenderly.

‘Be careful.’ He pointed a finger at Theo’s chest.

‘And don’t let her try and roll over when you’re changing her. I’ve learned the hard way that it can be…messy.’

Theo didn’t reply, merely rolling his eyes and nodding before finally being allowed to make his way down the hall. Aurora went happily enough, clearly as comfortable with Theo as he was with her.

Malfoy turned back to Hermione, who was currently in a state of shock. She thought she must be, because when he walked to the kitchen area, held up two mugs and asked, ‘Coffee?’ she nodded mutely instead of all the things she’d been planning to say.

Malfoy grinned and motioned for her to sit, filling a glass from the tap and quickly downing it, before setting about making the coffee, adding three spoonfuls of sugar into his and none into hers, clearly remembering how she took it.

In the absence of anything else to do for the moment, Hermione drifted towards the glass dining table and sat down, blinking dazedly around.

Outside the expansive glass window that ran the length of the living area, the sun reflected off the outdoor pool, the steam rising from its surface confirming her guess that it must be heated.

‘Biscuit?’ Malfoy called, and Hermione turned, keeping her eyes firmly fixed on his face, painfully aware that he was still shirtless.

‘No, Draco.’ She replied, as scathingly as she could manage. ‘I do not want a biscuit right now, thank you.’

He shrugged, shoving a custard cream into his mouth and holding it there while he made his way over to her, a coffee in each hand.

Hermione tried not to look… she really tried, but, unfortunately, she was just a girl, and it was virtually impossible to ignore a male form so criminally beautiful that she couldn’t believe Malfoy voluntarily hid it under clothes all day.

Hermione was certain he hadn’t been quite this muscular three months ago. She definitely would have noticed, she felt, despite everything that had been going on.

He was still lean, although not excessively so, his back broad and sculpted, his arms well defined. There was a tattoo covering his right shoulder - the one she’d seen a part of in the hospital that first day - flowers - a riotous tangle of petals and leaves that crept outwards over his scarred chest and curled down toward his bicep. He was also wearing sports shorts, and the muscles in his thighs flexed as he walked towards her, blonde hairs catching in the sun.

But the part that really caught Hermione’s attention, the part that she had to consciously force herself to look away from, was the sharp V of his abdominals, pointing overtly down to the waistband of his shorts, each side adorned with a set of delicate, tattooed vines.

The tattoos were so surprising, so unexpectedly provocative for a man as reserved as she’d always perceived Malfoy to be, that it was shock as much as aesthetic curiosity that made her eyes disobey her brain and sneak one final look as he sat down and pushed her coffee gently towards her across the table.

Hermione swallowed thickly, ashamed of herself in more ways than one.

Thankfully, Malfoy didn’t seem to have noticed her covert inspection, he was picking nervously at his nails, apparently ready and waiting for her to shout at him again - something she fully intended to do, as soon as she’d had a rousing sip of coffee and gathered herself somewhat.

‘Draco,’ she began, then paused. ‘Actually, don’t you think you should get dressed for this conversation? It's…cold.’

Malfoy blinked at her for a moment, swallowing down his biscuit with an audible gulp. He nodded, flicking a hand to wandlessly Accio a T-shirt from next to a gym mat on the floor, slipping it over his head and smoothing it down.

Hermione thought that maybe she was asleep, that this was all some sort of bizarre dream.

The jarring difference in Malfoy’s demeanour from the last time she’d seen him, the way that he clearly expected her to just accept what he’d done without issue, both had her seriously questioning her own state of mind.

He reached for his coffee, and she was faced again with the peculiar, painful sight of her scar marring the pale skin of Malfoy’s forearm, the slashes seeming more malevolent and brutal than they had against her own olive tone, especially when paired with the faded stain of the Dark Mark on his other arm.

‘Why, Draco?’ She croaked, her throat tightening again. ‘And don’t just say, because I wanted to. That’s not an answer. Why did you want to? You practically threw me out of the car after the funeral home, and you haven’t contacted me since. I understood, of course. We were both just a footnote in each other’s lives and that was fine.’

He frowned at that, his head jerking up from where he’d been staring at the tabletop.

Hermione continued, ‘I’ve had this scar for twelve years, I’ve made my peace with it. What possibly gave you the impression that it was something I needed you to take?’

He regarded her quietly, the frown line remaining between his brows. She noticed that he was still wearing his wedding ring, the metal clinking against the porcelain mug as he shifted, seemingly debating how best to answer her.

‘I had to do it.’ He said eventually. ‘I had to even things out between us.’

Hermione’s anger flared hot and instantaneous.

‘That’s ridiculous! You don’t owe me anything! When have I ever made you feel like you did? I told you I was happy to help with Aurora and I was. I didn’t expect this…for you to.. to mutilate yourself to show your gratitude! Don’t you realise how insane that is?’

Malfoy nodded calmly, his grey eyes clear as he gave another maddening shrug of his shoulders. ‘I do, and I don’t care. I knew you’d be angry about it. I knew you’d say all of this. But, this was the only way I could even begin to live with myself. The only way I could gain some sense of peace.’

Seeing Hermione’s expression, he quickly clarified. ‘I don’t mean that I don’t care about you, or how you feel. I mean, I don’t give a shit if it’s insane. I’m way past that. I just couldn’t stand another day of knowing that someone as… as pure, as undeserving as you had to walk around with something so fucking hateful carved into their body.’

‘I was used to it. We all have scars -‘

‘Some of us deserve our scars.’ He jabbed at the forearm that bore the Dark Mark before reaching for the collar of his T-shirt and dragging it down, angling his neck to point first at the runes stamped below his ear and then down to a silvery line slashed across his clavicle. ‘Some of us are defined by them.’

Any illusion of nonchalance was gone now. Malfoy’s eyes burned into hers, his voice low and hoarse with emotion.

‘But that scar, that fucking vile word, it doesn’t define you.’

‘Draco, it’s just a word. It doesn’t hurt me any more.’ Hermione lied, wishing she could stop the tears that were welling in her eyes.

He shook his head. ‘No. No, it's not. It will never be just a word, and we both know that. I’m so ashamed that I ever used it, even more ashamed that I didn’t do more to stop Bellatrix that day.’ His own eyes were damp now, and he turned them down to the table, his lashes glistening.

‘I can think of a thousand other words that define who you are, Granger, but none of them could ever even begin to do you justice.’

How many times was this man going to leave her speechless? Hermione wondered. How many times was he going to say and do things that made her chest feel like it was cracking down the middle, her heart beating, raw and vulnerable where he’d pulled apart her ribs and left her wide open, exposed. She stared at him dumbly, completely unable to form any sort of coherent response.

Malfoy sniffed. ‘So,’ he said. ‘I wanted to take it from you. I’m happy to wear it. Because for once I could use my magic for good, I could undo something awful, take someone else’s pain and keep it for myself.’ Hermione’s eyes slid to Malfoy’s wedding band again, and she knew he wasn’t just talking about her.

‘This feels good to me, Granger.’ He insisted. ‘I’ve spent my whole life feeling powerless, like I’m being swept along by a tide I have no hope of swimming against. Let me have this. Let me wear this scar for you - not as payment for what you did for Aurora and I - but so that I can just look you in the fucking eye and feel like a semi-decent man for once. I understand if you’re angry, if you don’t want to be my friend, Merlin, if you don’t ever want to speak to me again, that’s fine, I suppose. Just don’t hate me…please.’

Hermione knew she should have a decent response. She should have a list of reasons why it wasn’t Malfoy’s place to decide how her body looked, that he didn’t get to judge how pure she was - after all, he didn’t really know her. But then she thought about his life thus far, the fact that he’d always been cast as the villain, despite seemingly being absolutely full of love and compassion, his guilt that he couldn’t save Astoria, his guilt over damned near bloody everything, and Hermione couldn’t do it. She couldn’t bring herself to villainise Draco Malfoy any more than he had already managed to villainise himself.

She held his gaze across the table, her mind and body a swirling mass of emotions, too big to even begin to sort through here and now.

‘You wouldn’t give it back, even if I asked you to.’

It wasn’t a question, but Malfoy shook his head vehemently, his face set.

Hermione sighed, dropping her gaze back down to his forearm. ‘It looks awful. I hate seeing it there.’

‘I know.’

‘Does it hurt?’

‘No.’

‘Liar.’

‘It’s much less painful than the alternative.’

Another long beat of silence.

‘How did you do it, Draco?’

He exhaled, as though he’d been holding his breath, as though he sensed in her question that they were moving forward. She wasn’t going to scream at him, she wasn’t going to storm out.

‘I’m a cursebreaker, Granger. It’s what I do.’

‘Yes, I know that. But how did you do it? How do you take a scar from one person's body and transfer it to your own without that person even being present?’

‘If I tell you, you’ll only try and steal it back.’

She huffed, but a small smile crept into the sound as she realised that maybe he did know her, just a little bit.

‘Just…give me the gist.’

He pulled his arm down into his lap, and Hermione was relieved she didn’t have to look at it any more.

‘I don’t want to upset you.’ He murmured, and she laughed.

‘I’m already upset, Draco. This is all very upsetting.’

The guilt that flashed across his face wasn’t what she’d intended. ‘I’ll be fine.’ She clarified. ‘Just tell me.’

After another spell of silence, he finally sat back, rubbing a hand absently over his jaw, his eyes darting to hers and then away again.

‘There were several steps to the process… and with Aurora, it took me a lot longer than I’d hoped.’

She waited and he fidgeted in his chair. ‘I-I needed something. I had to go back to the manor. Not to the wing that Astoria and I lived in - I’m still working up to that, but to the dungeons. I accessed the vault where my father hid certain… artefacts.’

Hermione shuddered at the thought of what Lucius Malfoy might have secreted away in those vaults. Malfoy took a deep breath. ‘I located Aunt Bellatrix’s d- the dag-‘ he broke off. ‘Granger, I don’t want to do this.’

His distress was obvious, and Hermione’s heart was already hammering. She knew what he’d been about to say, and she decided that no, she actually didn’t need to hear how he’d done it.

‘I used blood magic,’ he said, eventually. ‘Blood magic, ancient spellwork and a lot of trial and error. Can we just leave it at that?’

Hermione nodded, swallowing down the panic that was threatening to come bursting out of her chest.

‘And there was no way you could have just gotten rid of the scar without having to take it yourself?’

Malfoy looked confused for a moment, as though that was something he hadn’t even considered, then he doubled down.

‘No.’ He said with conviction. ‘The magic in your scar, it’s Black family magic. It’s dark. You can’t just take it from one person and release it into the ether, where you don’t know who it might find. It has to be channelled elsewhere.’

‘Oh.’ She murmured. ‘That makes sense.’ She wasn’t sure if it did, but she found that she didn’t know what else to say.

They both stared down at their coffees for a long minute, neither of them taking a sip.

‘Do you hate me?’

Hermione looked up, met with a soft, grey gaze.

Her chest was flayed open again, Malfoy’s long fingers digging around to squeeze her heart hard, making it throb painfully, her blood pumping faster around her veins.

‘No, Draco.’ She whispered. ‘I don’t hate you. Not at all.’

He let out a long, relieved breath, a smile slowly spreading across his face until it was almost blinding, the familiar crinkles appearing next to his eyes.

‘This all really is terribly dramatic, though.’ Hermione continued wryly. ‘You could have just gotten me flowers or something.’

Malfoy laughed, that same low rumble she’d heard before. ‘I’ll get you some flowers too if you like, Granger.’

Hermione backtracked. ‘I didn’t mean… I don’t want flowers… I was-‘ she groaned and he grinned again. She was once more struck by a sensation of surrealism, struggling to adjust to the jarring disparity between how she’d imagined her day going upon waking that morning, to now sitting in Theodore Nott’s penthouse, laughing with Malfoy while he wore her scar on his arm as if it wasn’t still utterly incomprehensible. She sobered, the smile falling from her face.

Malfoy noticed, his own expression growing serious, eyebrows drawing together.

‘Are you okay?’

For some reason, the question made Hermione want to cry again.

She buried her face in her hands, breathing deeply for a moment to center herself before she felt she could look back up at him.

‘To be honest, I’m feeling extremely overwhelmed.’ She admitted. ‘I-I can understand your reasons for doing what you’ve done, but I can’t say that it will be easy for me to come to terms with. I suppose I’m also a little confused as to where we go from here? Do I just leave now? Say ‘thank you’ and head off on my way?’

Malfoy didn’t reply immediately. He kept his eyes on her, chewing once again on the inside of his cheek. ‘I’m sorry for the way I treated you that day.’ He said eventually. ‘I realise I haven’t said that yet, and I should have. I was beyond fucked up by the things I’d heard, and I was just so angry. With Cyrus, with myself, with Astoria even. I took it out on you and that was shitty of me.’

Hermione shook her head. ‘Your reaction was understandable. I shouldn’t have pushed you to talk before you’d had time to process everything. You’ve been through so much these last few months, Draco. It’s only human nature to have limits. I should have respected them.’

‘Well, now I have had time. Since I last saw you, I’ve been working on getting…better. I’ve been seeing the mind healer, focusing on just wrapping my head around everything. Obviously I still have a long way to go, but I’d really… I don’t want…’

He broke off, leaning forward so his elbows were on his knees, fingers steepled, his forehead resting against them.

‘Granger, d-do you want to stay for a bit of breakfast or something?’ The question was directed at the ground. ‘Maybe just spend some time with Aurora and I? You can fill me in on what’s been going on in your life, and I can….’ He trailed away, peeking up under his lashes and spotting the look on her face.

Hermione smiled regretfully. ‘I would really love to see Aurora.’ She told him. ‘But I’m sorry, Draco. I do need to go to work in about...’ she checked her watch. ‘Half an hour.’

Malfoy nodded, his expression resigned. ‘It’s alright. I understand.’

‘But I could come back after work? We could get a takeaway or something?’

His head shot up. ‘Really? You’d come back?’

Hermione almost wanted to laugh at the overt look of shock on his face. She imagined it matched the expression she’d had the whole time she’d been sitting at the glass table.

‘I will. After work, I’ll come back and we can talk.’

The grin was back in full force, eye crinkles and everything.

‘Fuck, yes. That would be amazing, and yeah, a takeaway, we could do that, but there’s lots of food here too. Theo and I can sort it out. Does that sound okay?’

Hermione nodded. ‘That sounds perfect. Now, where’s that baby of yours? I want a cuddle before I go.’

‘I’ll get her.’ Malfoy jumped up like there was a spring under his seat. He disappeared down the hallway and returned a few minutes later with Aurora nestled in his arms, his face buried in her hair as he inhaled deeply, like she was a drug he'd been craving and he was finally getting his fix.

When he lifted his head, his eyes held that same look he always had when he was holding his daughter - pure joy, adoration, and a sort of panicked desperation, as though he’d never get enough of her.

Aurora could hold her own head easily now and sit upright with help, so when Malfoy sat back on his chair, he propped her on his lap, using his body as a support, his hands wrapped tightly around her tummy.

‘Ohh, hello!’ Hermione breathed. ‘Look at you, Aurora. You have gotten so big.’

Aurora blinked up at her, eyebrows drawn together in a way that made her look so much like her father that Hermione couldn’t help but laugh. She reached out and stroked the bottom of the baby’s socked foot, and Aurora kicked her little legs, her eyes still rapt on Hermione’s face, the very beginnings of a smile curving her rosebud lips.

‘You are so beautiful, aren’t you?’ Hermione smiled. ‘A sweet little angel.’

Malfoy snorted above her. ‘Maybe not so much between the hours of six and ten pm,’ he grumbled, a smile pulling at the corners of his mouth, regardless. ‘That’s when she really lives up to the Malfoy name.’

‘Oof.’ Hermione groaned sympathetically. ‘The witching hour.’

‘Is that what it’s called?’ He quirked a brow. ‘Sounds about right.’ He dipped down to kiss the top of Aurora’s head again. ‘Theo has been a fucking hero putting up with us for so long. I don’t think I could have gotten through the last few months without him - without all of them, really, but Blaise and Pans get to go home at the end of the day. Theo is here all the time. He sits up with me when Aurora can’t sleep, takes her when I need to do things that require two hands, he’s even learned how to change her nappy, the last thing I ever imagined seeing Nott do.’

‘He’s a wonderful friend.’ Hermione agreed. ‘Truly.’

‘Yeah.’ Despite his smile, Malfoy’s eyes were sad and Hermione completely understood why.

‘Could I maybe get a cuddle before I go?’ She asked, and Malfoy nodded, passing Aurora over, as gentle and reverent as he’d always been.

Hermione took the baby into her arms, noting the unfamiliar heaviness of a four-month-old, rather than the newborns she was used to. Aurora peered up at her, her expression uncertain now. She smelled of warm milk and washing power, along with the lingering undertones of her father’s aftershave. Hermione held her breath, hoping she didn’t cry.

Aurora’s eyes were wide and unblinking, such a familiar shade of silvery grey, although her facial features were all Astoria’s - delicate and dainty, rather than pointy and angular like Malfoy’s.

‘I can’t believe how much she’s changed,’ she murmured wistfully. ‘It happens so quickly.’

‘It’s terrifying.’ Malfoy agreed. ‘It probably won’t surprise you to know that I ah… maybe had a slight panic about that myself. Pansy brought me over a Muggle camera, a Polaroid. She uses them for work - taking pictures of the outfits for clients. I’ve been making a kind of scrapbook for Aurora - photos and recording milestones and things. I can… I could show you if you wanted to see it later?’

‘I’d love to.’ Hermione replied. ‘I’ve missed her.’

Again, his eyes were sad when he smiled, his gaze rising to meet hers and holding, potent with all the things that remained unsaid.

Hermione looked away first, her heart fluttering behind her ribs. She turned her attention back to Aurora, who was content in her arms, still studying Hermione’s face intently.

‘I’ll see you tonight, little one.’ She whispered, smiling once more down at the baby before carefully passing her back to Malfoy, who lifted her onto his shoulder, pressing kisses to her cheek.

Hermione sat back in her chair, glancing at the time again.

‘I’m really sorry. I do have to go now,’ she said, quietly. ‘But I finish at six so I should be back around seven.

‘Seven.’ He repeated softly. ‘We’ll see you at seven.’

He rose to walk her out, murmuring something to Aurora in a low voice.

There was an awkward pause as they lingered in the doorway.

Hermione floundered for a moment, feeling like she should say something more, but unsure where to even start.

Eventually, she took the easy way out and bent to Aurora instead. ‘Have a lovely day, sweet girl. I’ll see you later.’

Malfoy reached to open the door for her, and as he did, Hermione’s eyes snagged once again on her scar, struck by the shock of seeing it on Malfoy’s forearm instead of her own. The skin around it was pink and swollen, and Hermione knew that despite his denial, it must be painful.

Malfoy noticed her looking and dropped his arm, a flush creeping over his cheeks.

‘I’ll keep it covered later.’ He murmured. ‘You won’t need to see it.’

She nodded, unable to say anything more.

‘Bye, Granger. I’ll see you tonight.’

‘Bye, Draco.’



* * *



Hermione only got as far as the elevator doors before she heard her name again.

She turned to find Theo striding towards her, dressed and ready for work.

He enveloped her in a tight hug before she’d even managed to register what he was doing, her feet lifting off the ground with the force of it.

‘Theo.’ She wheezed, her voice muffled by his armpit. ‘Put me down.’

He complied immediately, but kept hold of her shoulders, squeezing them enthusiastically.

‘You’re back,’ he beamed. ‘Back in the fold.’

Hermione laughed. ‘I wouldn’t quite say that. I don’t know if I was ever in the fold. But yes, I’m going to come back later for dinner.’

‘He’s so fucking happy back there, you know.’ Theo grinned. ‘He was proper shitting himself about how you’d react.’

‘I’m not sure your input helped matters, Theodore.’

Theo waved an airy hand. ‘Oh, that’s what best friends are for. He knows I was only taking the piss.’

‘I would hope so. You’re a menace.’ Hermione aimed for a disapproving tone but couldn’t help smiling too.

Theo laughed again before stepping back to hold her at arm’s length, his blue eyes moving over her face.

‘Seriously, though, are you okay? I can’t imagine how you must be feeling right now. I did try and talk him out of it but he was adamant.’

Hermione shrugged. ‘I don’t really know yet, ask me again tonight.’

‘Ah, about that…I was wondering,’ Theo began, a blush creeping over his tanned face. ‘Maybe, you might ask Potter to come tonight, too. I know Malfoy wants to thank him properly and… well, you know.’

Hermione’s eyebrows raised into her hairline, wondering how on earth she was going to tell Harry about what Malfoy had done. She thought maybe the lure of seeing Theo might be the perfect way to distract him.

‘I’ll ask him.’ She smiled. ‘I’m not sure if he’s working yet.’

Theo looked a little disappointed, but he nodded. ‘Alright. See you tonight. Oh, and Granger?’

‘Yes, Theo?’

‘Thank you, for not giving up on him.’ He reached out and squeezed her fingers. ‘I’m so fucking glad you’re here.’

Hermione nodded, her chest hitching. ‘I’m glad too, Theo.’ She whispered before Apparating away, her heart a fragile, delicate thing, her thoughts a tangled, twisted mess.





Chapter End Notes

Ahhhh!! It killed me ending it here! But next chapter we get Harry’s reaction, the dinner party AND significantly more NottPott!

Thank you so much for reading!!





Chapter 12: Oh, stand


Chapter Notes

I’m so sorry for the slight delay on this chapter! I’m on holiday so writing time has been limited. Hopefully this one gives us some more insight, even though there’s clearly a lot of denial going on!

This is definitely going to be a slow burn as I really want to give Astoria the respect she deserves, so although both Draco and Hermione are CLEARLY beginning to feel things, we still have a little way to go!

However, in other news, we’ve finally earned a new and exciting tag! 🥰🥰🥰🥰



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione had lied when she’d said she needed to go to work. She wasn’t working until later that afternoon.

What she really needed was to be alone.

She needed to be away from Malfoy, away from those beseeching grey eyes and words that made her heart hurt and her brain fuzzy.

She needed space.

She needed to run.

Hermione needed to run and run until the feeling that something was about to come bursting out of her chest subsided, and she was ready to let herself actually feel all the things that had built up during their conversation, like gathering clouds before an electrical storm or the first tremors of an earthquake.

She Apparated home, grateful that Harry was at Quidditch practice, not there to see her expression and ask her if she was alright.

She thought that if he did, she wouldn’t be able to hold it in the way she had in front of Malfoy and Theo. The grip she had on her self-control felt shaky, and Harry would see through her in an instant. He’d send her defences crashing down and she’d explode all over him, raining down bits of rubble and debris and quite possibly the ragged pieces of her own heart too.

Hermione changed quickly into her running gear, magically lacing her trainers to save time. She yanked her hair into a ponytail, pulling it through the back of a baseball cap, tucked her wand and some water into a small backpack, and then she was gone, appearing with a pop a few seconds later on a country lane in the Cotswolds, as far away from civilisation as she could manage.

She didn’t even bother to stretch, she just took off at a pace much faster than her usual jog, enjoying the feeling of her muscles burning, her lungs expanding sharply behind her ribs as she sucked in panting mouthfuls of cold, crisp air.

It was a welcome alternative to the other ache, the one she’d spent the last three months telling herself didn’t exist, and that now, after the events of that morning, had become significantly more difficult to ignore.

Her scar.

Malfoy had taken her scar.

In the three months since he’d swiftly and effectively ended their tentative, burgeoning friendship, Malfoy hadn’t moved on with his life, the way she’d pictured. He hadn’t been doing what she had, which was to try and convince herself that it was easier that way, that their relationship was best left where it belonged - in the past.

She’d told herself that both Neville and Malfoy were right. This time, despite desperately wanting to, she hadn’t been able to help. She hadn’t been able to achieve what she’d always had and make herself indispensable by being the person with all the answers.

She wasn’t an eleven-year-old girl, the unflappable voice of reason between two, excitable and terrified schoolboys. She couldn’t use her academic expertise, nor her unfailing common sense to magically produce a solution.

Malfoy’s life was so tragic and complicated, his experiences so vastly different to her own, that she’d been unable to find any way to ease his pain. In fact, her presence had only seemed to make things worse.

The time she’d spent with Malfoy, and the subsequent fallout, had been the catalyst Hermione had needed to finally look introspectively at who she’d been before the war, and who she was now - a woman of thirty years old.

Hermione had spent some time thinking about what she really wanted from the rest of her life, and had even taken some small, reluctant steps toward making that happen.

But while she’d been doing her best to forget about Malfoy, he clearly hadn’t been doing the same.

In between looking after Aurora, dealing with his anger, his anxiety, his grief, he’d also been working on finding a way to make good on the words he’d written in his card.

‘I’d wear it for you if I could.’

Malfoy had done what he set out to do, he’d taken her scar from her arm.

And now, everything was different.



* * *



As a young Muggle girl, Hermione had never quite fit in, she’d never had a best friend or even a friendship group. No one wanted to be her partner on the school bus, or sit by her at lunch. She’d never been invited to parties or asked to tea after school. The other children had found her odd, the unexplainable and unusual things that often happened around her immediately marking Hermione as ‘other’, driving a wedge between her and her peers. Unable to change who she was, she’d thrown herself into academics instead.

When she’d received her Hogwarts letter, Hermione had thought that finally things would be different, that she’d found the reason for her ‘otherness.’

She’d been happy to leave her life behind, convinced she’d finally found a place where she could belong.

The reality of entering the wizarding world and discovering that the chasm still existed, that now she was merely a different kind of ‘other,’ had almost completely broken her spirit.

If she’d had different parents and been brought up to think less of herself, she might have given up. But Hermione’s parents hadn’t brought her up to be the type of girl to let things destroy her. They’d loved her fiercely, raising their daughter with a sense of determination and self-worth. Hermione was resilient, she was scrappy.

In her friendship with Harry (and, to a lesser degree, Ron), she’d found the acceptance she’d been craving. She’d found her place. All the qualities that had once set her apart had made her needed, wanted. Hermione had loved it, and she’d loved Harry and Ron for needing her.

And so, the first time she had been called a Mudblood, it had been like an arrow to her chest. Hermione had looked into the icy grey eyes of the blonde boy she’d secretly thought was beautiful, and she’d felt the word sailing towards her, piercing her heart as it swiftly burst any illusion she’d ever had of finally belonging somewhere.

After that, any time Hermione heard it, whispered as she passed or hissed outright into her face, it cut her deeper and deeper.

By the time Bellatrix actually used a dagger to drive the message home, Hermione almost felt like it belonged there on her arm, a label she’d already been wearing for seven years, only now it was carved on the outside too, inescapable, for everyone to see.

After the war, in amongst so much loss, and when compared to the jagged starburst of mangled scar-tissue above Harry’s heart, her own wound had felt like something she shouldn’t make a fuss about. She was alive, she was healthy. It was just a scar, just a word.

She had very quietly, and without fanfare, grown to accept the fact that no matter what she did, she’d always be ‘other’. They could call her the ‘Golden Girl,’ the ‘Brightest witch of her age,’ but her scar still marked her as different, even if her friends didn’t think so.

In the twelve years she’d been wearing her label, Hermione had watched the Wizarding world change. She was proud to live in a time where the use of the word ‘Mudblood’ was not just offensive, it was illegal. It was shocking to hear it used, in any capacity. Hermione’s role in the war was well-known. Even if she didn’t have the same level of fame and recognisability as Harry, people were still aware of what she’d done and what had happened to her. Most people expected to see her scar, even if they were still shocked by it - it was a brutal reminder of times past.

Again, it had taken all of Hermione’s sense of self-worth to not hide it, to learn to live with the emotions that came with wearing a word that hurt her so deeply on her own body, as though she was advertising her deepest insecurities.

Hermione had subconsciously spent her whole life trying to outperform that label. Throughout school and now, in her career. She constantly strived to feel like she was more than the sum of her parts.

Over the last few months, she’d realised that Neville was right. It was that driving need that had closed her off. She’d ignored the fact that there were people who loved her and cared for her, that maybe some of her limitations were self- imposed.

In her desire to prove herself, Hermione had pushed relationships away, kept everyone at arm’s length so that presently, it felt like being needed was all she had.

And now, of all people, Draco Malfoy - the beautiful blonde boy with eyes that were now gentle and sad instead of cold and cruel - had taken that label off her body. His own need to prove himself, to show that he was more than the sum of his parts, had driven him to take drastic measures. He was wearing the word for her.

Could there have been a more symbolic way for Draco to demonstrate his remorse?

He clearly no longer thought she had dirty blood, if he ever had. But Hermione feared that Malfoy truly believed that he did. He was wearing his perceived failures, his shame, literally on his sleeve, and he’d said that it made him feel good to do so.

Hermione reached the very top of the hill. She stopped running, bent at the waist with exertion. Every muscle in her body hurt, every breath pulled raggedly from her lungs. There was nothing around but fields and trees and the wide stormy sky, stretching endlessly above her.

No one could hear her, no one could see her. Hermione could finally admit, if only to herself, how much she’d hated it, how much her scar had held her back, not outwardly, but internally - emotionally.

She reached down and pulled up her sleeve, running her fingers over the smooth, unblemished skin of her forearm, and she felt the sensation again, like something was about to come bursting out of her chest, too big to contain inside her small form.

Her magic crackled around her, sparking from her fingertips, like the strike of a match.

Unable to hold it in for a second longer, Hermione let her head fall back, opened her mouth and screamed - long and loud, letting the sound spiral up and up, bursting bright like a firework, so forceful it made her throat hurt, as though she’d been holding it in for years.

She barely even felt the tears coursing down her cheeks as she closed her eyes and finally let the implications of what Malfoy had done settle into her bones.



* * *



Hermione stayed on the hill for a while.

Even when it began to rain and her clothes grew wet and cold, plastering themselves to her body, she didn’t move. She kept her face turned up to the cloudy sky and let the rain run down her neck in freezing rivulets as she breathed deeply, drawing her magic and her composure, slowly back inside herself.

Fifteen minutes later, shivering and soaked through, she opened her eyes. She was back in control, more than ready to go home.

Hermione slithered down the hill, almost falling on her bum a few times as her trainers slipped on the soaking wet grass. She laughed softly to herself, imagining how ridiculous she must look, dripping wet and trembling, like a kitten dunked into a bathtub.

She cast a quick drying spell over her hair and clothes and jogged back much more slowly, already feeling the lack of a warm-up, her thighs protesting each pounding step.

Arriving home, Hermione lamented, as she often did, the flat’s lack of a bathtub, fantasising about the luxurious Prefect’s bath as she washed and conditioned her hair in the feeble spray that dribbled from the ancient showerhead.

She braided her hair wet and changed into her work robes before laying out an outfit for later that night, a dress and tights, suitable for a dinner date with a friend. Were they friends again? Hermione wondered. The word felt too simple to describe the relationship she had with Malfoy. Too uncomplicated to encompass all of the confusing, difficult emotions that she experienced when she was around him.

But, she supposed that they were friends, or they were going to try and be, at least. It was what he’d said, wasn’t it?

‘I understand if you don’t want to be my friend, just don’t hate me.’

He’d asked her to come back, and she couldn’t deny that she wanted to. She wanted to spend time with Malfoy, and with Aurora and Theo, too. She was looking forward to it.

Just as she left her room, Harry arrived home, a sweaty, mud-streaked whirlwind bursting through the door. His hair was wild and windswept, a small cut just above one of his eyebrows steadily dripping a thin trail of blood down onto his cheekbone. He was also, however, absolutely euphoric, his eyes shining with triumph.

‘We kicked arse today, Mi.’ He announced, pulling off his filthy boots and beginning to pull his Quidditch jersey over his head. ‘Ron saved at least four of Angelina’s shots, and then I swiped the snitch right from under Oliver’s nose. It was fucking glorious.’

‘That’s amazing. Oh, Harry, put that straight in the wash.’ She frowned, wrinkling her nose at the damp shirt he’d just peeled off. Instead of doing as she’d said, Harry flicked the sweaty jersey in her direction, snickering as she shrieked.

‘Come on, Mi, give me a hug.’ He grinned, advancing on her menacingly, his arms open wide. ‘You know you want to.’

Hermione darted out under his arm, retreating behind the sofa to safety. ‘Get back.’ She laughed. ‘You’re disgusting, Harry.’

‘I really am.’ Harry agreed, smirking. He headed into the kitchenette, bending to throw his jersey into the washing machine drum, hopping on one leg as he pulled off his socks one by one and threw them in too.

‘Keep your bloody breeches on.’ She warned, and Harry laughed.

‘You know I won’t. Just turn around if you don’t want to see.’

Hermione shook her head, keeping her back turned as he streaked past her into the bathroom.

‘Can we talk when you’re done?’ She called. ‘It won’t take long.’

Harry’s messy head poked back out of the door, his expression suspicious.

‘Of course. Everything okay?’

That was a subjective question if she’d ever heard one. In lieu of a proper answer, Hermione flapped her hand instead. ‘We’ll talk after your shower,’ she said. ‘Hurry up. You stink.’

Harry gave her a hard look before disappearing back inside, showering quickly and coming back into the kitchen five minutes later, his hair still wet, dressed casually in his Field Auror black trousers and fitted T-shirt.

‘What’s going on, then?’ He asked, sliding his glasses back onto his face and studying her expression, clearly unsure if he should be concerned.

Hermione passed him a cup of tea, sitting down on the sofa and patting the seat next to her, indicating that Harry should join. He obliged, turning to her and waiting.

Hermione curled her legs up underneath her, took a deep breath and began to talk.



* * *



Fifteen minutes later, they still sat together on the sofa, Harry’s hand wrapped gently around Hermione’s wrist as the fingers of his other hand smoothed gently over the clear skin of her forearm, his jaw tight, green eyes cast down at the place where her scar had once been.

‘I don’t believe Malfoy actually took it,’ he murmured. ‘That’s so insane, Mi.’

‘I know,’ Hermione replied softly, watching Harry’s fingers as they traced the clear skin where the letters used to be. ‘I’m as shocked as you are.’

Harry’s gaze slid up to meet hers, his eyes gentle.

‘Are you…alright? I mean, this is huge, Hermione. It’s life-changing. You’ve had that scar for twelve years. I know it obviously wasn’t something you wanted, but you fought for it. It was a part of you and he didn’t ask. He just took it.’

Hermione picked at a loose thread on the sofa cushion, thinking about what Harry had said. As far as life-changing scars went, he had plenty of experience.

‘But,’ he continued, his expression pensive. ‘At the same time, I get it. In sixth year, when I realised I’d hurt Malfoy so badly, I would have done anything to take it back. I still feel terrible now. I understand why he wanted to do this, why he feels like he should. If he wants to prove to you that he’s remorseful for his past, then I suppose this is an irrefutable way to do it…but Mi,’ Harry shook his head, his expression disbelieving. ‘The magic he must have used. Christ, it’s powerful. I don’t know as much about Cursebreaking as Malfoy does, but I know enough. This is not something someone does lightly.’

He paused, his next words measured and careful.

‘It just seems like a massive thing to do for someone you used to hate. I mean, what is your relationship with Malfoy now? I know you were beginning to get close a few months ago, but after the funeral parlour and all the drama surrounding that, you haven’t seen him in a while, and… you’ve got your own things going on now. How do you even feel about him?’

‘We’re just friends.’ Hermione said quickly. ‘Malfoy’s wife hasn’t long died and he has a tiny baby to bring up. You were there at the funeral home, Harry. You understand how hard things are for him. All I know is, we get along well, and he’s been so open about how he feels, how much he wants to make up for the past. I just…’

‘You like him.’ Harry said, simply, and his expression wasn’t judgmental, nor disapproving. There was no insinuation in his tone.

Hermione sagged, unbearably relieved that Harry knew her as well as he did, that he really meant it when he’d said all those years ago that he would always be there for her, no matter what.

‘Yes,’ she replied quietly. ‘As a friend, I like him a lot.’

‘And clearly, he likes you, too…A lot.’

‘As a friend.’ Hermione clarified.

Harry nodded slowly. Hermione knew him well enough to see that Harry had more he wanted to say, but, in a very rare turn of events, he decided to keep it to himself. ‘You didn’t answer me earlier, when I asked if you were okay.’ He said instead. ‘How have you left things with him now?’

‘Well,’ Hermione began. ‘I actually told him I’ll go back there tonight. We’ve obviously got more talking to do, and also, I want to see Aurora.’

Harry rubbed his chin thoughtfully. ‘You didn’t already have other plans tonight?’

‘That’s tomorrow,’ Hermione replied, flushing. ‘Actually, there was an invitation for you, too. For dinner, at Theo’s. He’s going to be there. He said he’d love to see you.’ The last part wasn’t strictly true, but Harry didn’t need to know that.

Now it was Harry’s turn to blush. Almost immediately the tips of his ears were bright red, colour creeping across his cheeks and down his neck to the collar of his T-shirt.

‘Theo said that? He wants to see me?’

Hermione nodded enthusiastically, hoping that Harry was distracted enough that he couldn’t see she was over-egging it. Sometimes it was difficult being friends with an investigative Auror - he could always tell when there was skullduggery afoot.

However, this skullduggery was necessary, she felt. Sometimes you needed to give ‘shy’ people a helping hand.

She needn’t have worried - Harry most definitely was sufficiently distracted. In fact, he was spiralling.

‘Well… I mean… I want to talk to Malfoy about all this… and I needed to update him on the Greengrasses, anyway. It could be a good time… but Theo didn’t ever text me…I wasn’t sure if…do you think he meant it? Do you really think he wants me to go?’

Hermione smiled. Harry was adorable when he was flustered. ‘Yes, Harry.’ She said, cupping his face so she could use her wand to heal the cut above his eyebrow. ‘I really think Theo wants you to go.’

Harry took a deep breath. ‘O-okay. I can do that. I’ll come after work.’ His whole face was alight, a hopeful spark in his eyes she didn’t think she’d ever seen before. ‘I’ll meet you at the Penthouse. What time?’

As Hermione filled Harry in on the plans for the evening, a nervous bubble of anticipation swelled in her own stomach. He had taken the news of what Malfoy had done as well as she could have hoped. As usual, Harry trusted her judgement. He never tried to tell her how she should feel about things. If she was happy, he was happy. She was glad he was going to be there with her tonight - a familiar strength when she was feeling fragile, a lighthouse in unfamiliar waters.

As Harry left for work, he was positively thrumming with nervous energy, doing up the clasp of his Auror robes with fumbling fingers. ‘See you tonight.’ He said, giving her a tight hug. ‘You’re sure you’re okay?’

Hermione nodded, feeling like she’d already climbed several mountains that day instead of only one relatively small hill. ‘I’m fine,’ she replied. ‘See you later.’ They Apparated away together.



* * *



Thankfully, the rest of the day passed quickly. As usual, Hermione’s shift was busy. She spent the first hour completing ward rounds and overseeing the discharges before she and Katie were called into the operating theatre to help with the delivery of a set of slightly premature twins.

She kept her sleeves firmly pulled down the entire day, in no way ready to tell anyone other than Harry what Malfoy had done just yet. She needed to think about how to explain where her scar had gone, to come up with a story slightly less implausible than the actual truth.

As five o'clock rolled around, Hermione gratefully passed over to Danielle, then headed home to freshen up.

After her shower, she changed into the outfit she’d set out, freeing her hair from her work braid and spraying it with a leave-in conditioner to rejuvenate the curls.

Then she applied some simple make-up and her perfume before leaving the flat, choosing to walk rather than Apparate, hoping to stretch out the ache in her thighs from her earlier run. She stopped in an Off-Licence on the way, picking up a bottle of wine and a bottle of Ogden’s wrapped in brown paper, before continuing on the short distance to Theo’s.

When Hermione arrived outside Hebridean Heights, the doorman simply stepped back to push open the door, lifting his hat to greet her with a tip of his head and a polite, ‘Good evening, Miss Granger.’

‘Thank you, uhh…Jason.’ She smiled, reading the gold name badge on his chest. Jason grinned back, his chest puffing up proudly as Hermione passed, stepping inside the large, echoing lobby.

She didn’t think her legs could handle so many sets of stairs in their sorry state, heading to the lift instead and asking, very quietly and politely as the doors slid shut, ‘Slow trip to the penthouse, please.’

She braced herself, smiling faintly at her own ridiculousness as the elevator lurched gently and then trundled up towards the penthouse at a maddeningly slow pace, almost as though it were trying to antagonise her.

What felt like almost a full ten minutes later, she stepped out of the glass doors and into the now familiar hallway of the top floor, huffing slightly as the doors immediately began to slide shut, barely giving her enough time to exit.

Anticipation built as she neared Theo’s door, a renewed fizz of nerves zinging up her spine. Hermione loitered outside for a moment, psyching herself up. As she reached up to knock, she became aware of a sound coming from inside, muffled by the thick oak of the door - A loud, high-pitched wail, one Hermione would recognise anywhere.

‘Ohh.’ She grimaced. It sounded like Malfoy was right, Aurora certainly had upped her game.

It took a few increasingly hard knocks before the door swung open and Malfoy poked his head out, looking almost as surprised and dishevelled as he had earlier that morning. He was wearing a… a hoodie? Soft grey and form-fitting, with a small embroidered badge on the chest. She’d never imagined Malfoy in a hoodie, but as usual, he pulled it off ridiculously well. He looked hot…sweaty, a fine sheen gleaming on his forehead, his cheeks more flushed than she’d ever seen them.

Aurora was cradled in the crook of his arm, her little face red and screwed up as she screamed blue bloody murder. Malfoy bounced her frantically, his eyes slightly wild.

‘Granger!’ She thought he said, although it was hard to tell over Aurora’s din. ‘You came.’

He beckoned for her to enter, grey eyes flicking up and down her body, then lingering over her hair before moving to fix on her face, his jaw firm.

‘Come in, come in.’

Hermione entered the penthouse, slightly alarmed by the sight that greeted her.

Theodore Nott stood next to the large range cooker, a plume of grey smoke emanating from a pan that simmered there. He raked one hand through his hair, the other stirring whatever was in the pan maniacally, splashing a brownish liquid everywhere.

Aurora continued screaming as Malfoy shifted her onto his shoulder, taking the Ogdens from Hermione’s outstretched hand and shouting his thanks.

Hermione sniffed the air covertly, trying her best not to look concerned by the distinct aroma of burning.

‘Hi,’ she called, and Theo straightened and turned from where he was now peering into the oven, the bemused look on his face quickly changing to panic when he saw her. He was wearing an apron, the embroidered letters on his chest imploring the reader to ‘Kiss The Cook.’

‘Shit. It’s already seven?’ His eyes darted frantically around the room, a mix of relief and disappointment obvious in his expression when he realised Harry wasn’t with her.

‘Harry won’t be long.’ She said. ‘He’s coming straight from work.’

Theo paused for a moment, his eyes lighting up in an almost mirror image of the way Harry’s had earlier that day. ‘Okay, wonderful,’ he grinned. ‘We’re kind of running a little behind on dinner anyway.’

Hermione stepped closer to the kitchen area, peering around in what she hoped was veiled horror.

The beautiful marble countertops looked as though a Bombarda had gone off in the vicinity. There were several vegetables strewn about, chopped into chunks with varying levels of success. Some potatoes lay in a heavily oiled roasting dish, others remained scattered over the countertop. A bag of flour was overturned, the contents fanned out across the marble.

But, most concerningly (and somewhat gruesomely), there were also matching spots of bright red blood, leading from a discarded knife on a chopping board, over the pages of what appeared to be some sort of cookbook, and straight towards Theodore Nott, who now, thankfully, appeared unharmed.

‘Sorry!’ Malfoy shouted from her side, rubbing his hand fruitlessly over Aurora’s back as she writhed angrily, her cries unceasing.

‘We’ve had a bit of a nightmare. It’s all under control now, though.’

Hermione nodded encouragingly, casting her eyes around again. There were several baby clothes spread out on the large corner sofa, a lone tiny pink sock draped over one arm next to a half-finished bottle.

On the floor was a brightly coloured playmat, some discarded rattles and a pale blue stuffed dragon, along with what appeared to be the other sock.

Aurora’s little feet were bare, and Malfoy clasped one absently, running his thumb over her toes as he turned to Hermione, pulling an apologetic face.

‘I was really hoping Lady Malfoy might have done me a solid tonight,’ he said. ‘But she’s on form. I haven’t had a second to help Theo with the dinner.’

‘Oh, it’s okay.’ Hermione reassured him. ‘There’s no rush. Can I do anything to help?’

‘No, no. It’s fine. I’ll get you a drink. What do you fancy? Wine? Champagne? We’ve got everything and anything.’

Hermione was mostly relying on lip-reading, such was the volume of Aurora’s cries.

Malfoy’s face was tight, his smile plastered on as he attempted to look unbothered. He rocked back and forth a little as Aurora writhed angrily on his shoulder, her cries unceasing.

Hermione wasn’t sure what to do. He was clearly used to this happening, but…

‘Can I take her for a moment?’ Hermione offered again. ‘Do you need a sec?’

Malfoy shook his head, his arms tightening around his daughter.

‘No. No, thanks. She won’t settle for anyone else when she’s like this.’

He glanced up at Theo, who was pouring an extremely generous amount of salt into the smoking pan of sauce, which he had still failed to stir, frowning at the cookbook he now clutched in one hand.

‘Nott?’ He called. ‘Can you get Hermione a drink? I’m going to try and settle Aurora in the other room.’

He looked embarrassed. ‘Sorry. This isn’t how I envisaged tonight going.’

‘Draco,’ Hermione put a hand on his arm. ‘It’s okay. Take as long as you need. I’ll be happy here, drinking wine with Theo.’

He nodded. ‘Alright. I have a technique that usually works.’ He pressed a kiss to Aurora’s temple. ‘I won’t be long.’

She watched as he left the room, murmuring to the wailing baby in his usual quiet fashion, swiping the half-finished bottle from the arm of the sofa as he passed.

‘Wine?’ Theo called from the kitchen area.‘Do you want the one you brought, or I’ve got an open bottle of Pinot here?

‘Pinot is perfect.’ Hermione replied, rounding the island to stand next to him. Theo poured them both a generous measure and they clinked glasses before each taking a large sip. The wine was delicious, and clearly expensive. Hermione took another sip, savouring the crisp, dry flavour.

‘Cheers to you, darling.’ Theo said. ‘The newest member of Team ‘Save Draco Malfoy.’

Hermione’s throat tried to close around her swallow. She blinked furiously, blindsided by the rush of emotion Theo’s words invoked.

‘He’s been a nervous wreck waiting for you to arrive,’ Theo said. ‘Panicking all day that you wouldn’t come.’

‘Well… I came.’ Hermione replied softly and Theo smiled, kissing her tenderly on her cheek.

‘Yes, you did. Thank you.’

Hermione swallowed heavily again, turning to peer into the slowly congealing mixture on the hob to distract herself.

‘I… I think this might need stirring, Theo love.’ She said. ‘May I?’

‘Go for it.’ He murmured, taking a large swig of wine. ‘I don’t have a clue what the bloody hell I’m doing.’

Hermione picked up a wooden spoon and began stirring, choosing to ignore the burnt flakes that rose to the surface.

‘Erm, what are we actually having?’ She inquired, looking over at the cookbook.

‘Oh fuck knows.’ Theo replied. ‘Those who must not be named popped over from the manor and left a load of ingredients with this cookbook, apparently it was the simplest thing we could make from scratch, so easy that even two idiots like Malfoy and me couldn’t cock it up.’

Hermione bit her lip to stop herself from laughing. Clearly, the manor elves had been a little overoptimistic.

‘There’s a whole roast chicken in the oven too,’ Theo said. ‘Although it doesn’t look like the picture. It’s a bit… pale.’

He suddenly fixed her with a hopeful look. ‘Can you cook, Granger?’

Hermione was, thankfully, saved from replying by a knock at the door. Theo flinched like a gun had gone off. ‘Circe, it’s him.’

He hurriedly whipped off his apron to reveal a fitted blue shirt underneath, undone at the neck, the same way his black one had been the last time. The blue was almost exactly the same shade as his eyes, offsetting his olive skin perfectly. He fiddled with his hair, sweeping it back from his face as he turned to Hermione.

‘Do I look okay?’

‘You look gorgeous, Theo.’ Hermione replied honestly, reaching up to straighten his collar. ‘Go and let him in.’

Theo wetted his lips, grabbed his glass of wine and then headed to the door. She watched him forcibly relax his posture, his movements turning loose, a slow, languid smile crossing his face as he pulled the door open.

A moment of absolute silence followed. Hermione watched, waiting, unable to see Harry from her vantage point.

‘Hello, you.’ Theo said eventually, his voice a low purr. ‘Come in.’

‘Theodore.’ Harry’s reply was equally as low as he stepped inside, a wolfish smile on his face.

He was still wearing his Auror robes, a tactical move if Hermione had ever seen one, however, they clearly seemed to be having the desired effect. Theo’s eyes were on stalks, his gaze hot on Harry as he stepped closer.

‘Thanks for the invite,’ Harry held out yet another bottle of Ogden’s. ‘It was a nice surprise when Hermione asked.’

‘Yeah?’ Theo licked his lips again as he took the bottle from Harry, their fingers brushing for a beat longer than necessary. ‘You wanted to come?’

Harry’s eyes followed the swipe of Theo’s tongue, his own darting out to mimic the movement as he subconsciously leaned closer. ‘I did.’

There was silence again, so loaded that Hermione felt sweat prickle on her own neck, never mind theirs. Theo and Harry were utterly lost in each other, Theo’s chest rising and falling rapidly under his shirt as he stared at Harry like he wanted to absolutely devour him.

‘Hello, Harry.’ She called from the kitchen, slightly worried that Theo really had forgotten she was there and she might suddenly get more than she bargained for.

The two men stepped apart, Harry turning around dazedly, his eyes slightly unfocused. She recognised the same bamboozled expression he’d worn the last time she’d left him alone with Theo, like he’d already drunk a whole bottle of Ogdens to himself.

‘Mione.’ The sound of her name seemed to break the spell as Harry finally crossed the room to kiss her cheek, his own nose wrinkling as he registered the smell in the air. ‘Bloody hell, what’s burning?’ He grimaced down into the now almost solid lump in the saucepan on the hob.

‘That’s gravy,’ Theo shrugged as though it were obvious. ‘To go with the roast chicken in the oven.’

Harry bent to the oven, frowning for a moment before pressing his hand to the back of the glass.

‘Nott…’ he said. ‘I hate to break it to you, but this oven isn’t even on.’



* * *



Five minutes later, Harry had taken control of the kitchen.

Theo poured them all fresh glasses of wine and then leaned against the counter, watching intently as Harry replaced his Auror robes with Theo’s apron, rolled up his sleeves and got to work.

Within seconds, the ingredients were organised, the vegetables sautéed perfectly, and the oven actually turned on, magically charmed to cook the chicken in record time.

‘Nott, can you help me with these potatoes?’ Harry asked, and Theo, who had been staring fixedly at Harry’s hands as he chopped, looked up at him, his eyes heavy, the blue a thin ring around his pupils.

‘I need to make sure they’re all tossed perfectly.’ Harry smiled, showing a set of sharp, white teeth.

Theo’s answering grin was positively filthy. ‘I’d love to help you, Potter,’ he drawled. ‘I’m very good at tossing.’

Hermione took Harry’s answering swallowed groan as her cue to leave. Malfoy had been gone almost twenty minutes and she could no longer hear Aurora’s cries, although she thought she could hear something else, a faint sound, trickling down the hallway.

She left the kitchen area and followed the sound, heading out of the large living room and down the passage, her steps muffled by the thick carpet.

The hallway was long and high-ceilinged, and Hermione immediately recognised several of the art pieces hung along the pristine white walls. There were several doors on each side, but she quickly discovered the room where Malfoy had taken Aurora.

Music. That had been what she could hear. A gentle, familiar melody reaching her ears as she stopped outside the open door.

Hermione peered inside.

The room appeared to be a second sitting room, or possibly a music room. There was a piano at one end, a squashy leather sofa positioned next to it at an angle, clearly meant for the pianist’s audience. On the other side sat an old Muggle record player, wall-to-wall shelves stacked full of records running the full length of the back wall.

The music was coming from the record player, an old Motown song Hermione knew well from her childhood.

Malfoy stood in the center of the room, his back to Hermione, so that all she could see were long legs, tousled blonde hair and a broad, muscular back. He hadn’t seen her or heard her, had no idea he was being observed.

He turned slowly, moving in time to the music, his daughter held tightly to his chest, one hand curved under her bottom, the other carefully cradling the back of her head. Aurora was now fast asleep, content in her father’s arms, the fingers of one small hand splayed over his shoulder, the other fisted under her chin. Malfoy’s head was dipped, his face pressed into Aurora’s hair, the pale shade of blonde almost identical to his own. His eyes were closed, eyebrows drawn together as he quietly murmured the words to the song.

Hermione couldn’t speak. She couldn’t bring herself to make her presence known. The feeling that something was going to burst out of her chest rose again, fluttering behind her rib cage. She brought a hand up to her sternum, the arm that had once been scarred, but now was smooth and unblemished. She pressed it over her pounding heart, feeling it thud heavily against her palm.

After a few minutes, the song ended and a hush fell over the room. The only sounds were Aurora’s steady breathing and Hermione’s pounding heart, blood rushing loud in her ears.

As though he could sense her, Malfoy suddenly raised his head, grey eyes snapping open to fix on hers.

Hermione cast about, desperately needing an excuse as to why she’d been watching him dance with his daughter, lurking in the shadows without letting him know she was there. However, her throat seemed to have closed up, she couldn’t find her words.

But Malfoy didn’t move either. He only held her gaze, his eyes dark, his Adam’s apple sliding down his throat as he swallowed.

Hermione was frozen, her heart stuttering in her chest, her stomach churning violently.

‘I..’ she began. ‘I’m…’

Her phone suddenly beeped in her pocket, the message tone loud and obnoxious in the silence.

Malfoy blinked, the tension bleeding out of his expression, his eyes pulling away from hers.

‘Sorry,’ Hermione muttered, fumbling in the pocket of her dress to fish out her phone. ‘Sorry.’ She ignored the message icon, turning the phone to silent and looking back up at Malfoy.

‘Don’t you need to reply to that?’ His voice was quiet, one eyebrow lifting.

Hermione shook her head, shoving the phone back deep into her pocket. ‘It’s fine. I’m sure it’s nothing important.’

Malfoy smiled. ‘Alright.’ He turned his attention back to Aurora, looking down and stroking her hair softly. ‘She’s out like a light. I should have a few hours before she needs her next bottle. Shall we go and sit down for dinner?’

Hermione nodded, still feeling a little unmoored, her legs slightly wobbly. She blamed it on the wine.

They headed back to the living area silently, Malfoy leading the way.

Hermione had expected to find Theo and Harry still cooking dinner, but the expansive room appeared to be empty, there was no one at the glass dining table or on any of the large white sofas. Hermione looked outside, but could see nothing except the glowing blue light of the pool, steam once again rising from the surface.

The smell of roast chicken and buttery potatoes filled the space, a wooden spoon charmed to stir the gravy that simmered on the hob, the ingredients still spread out over the counter. There was absolutely no sign of Theo or Harry.

‘Oh,’ Hermione murmured as she looked around. ‘Harry was here. I don’t know where they’ve gone.’

Malfoy smirked. ‘I do.’ He flicked his hand in the direction of the kitchen area muttering, ‘Revelio.’ Instantly, two tall figures materialised, one leaning down, bent over the other, pressing them firmly back against the countertop.

Harry and Theo sprang apart, Harry’s hands falling away from where they’d been fisted in Theo’s hair, his thigh immediately removing itself from its place firmly inserted between Theo’s.

Both men were breathing hard, their lips pink and swollen, their faces flushed.

‘Hello, Potter.’ Malfoy grinned, his grey eyes crinkling with mirth as Harry floundered, stepping away from Theo, who was still flat against the countertop, running a hand through his hair and panting raggedly. ‘Did you know you’ve got two flour handprints on your arse?’





Chapter End Notes

🤍🤍🤍 MY LOVES! I could have kept going and going this chapter. I’m so sorry we didn’t get to the actual dinner! However, I’m so excited for the awkwardness and emotions that come next chapter!

Thank you, as always for reading, I love you all!

Nicky





Chapter 13: By me


Chapter Notes

I’m sorry! I had to post a day early as this chapter was burning a hole in my docs. Again, I’m so grateful to everyone who is following along. This fic is so healing to me for so many reasons. Truly, every comment and interaction means the world. As someone who is very insecure and constantly overthinking, it really gives me so much happiness to know that others are falling in love with these characters along with me!

Thank you so much for reading!

Nicky x



See the end of the chapter for more notes



It turned out Harry didn’t just have flour on his bum. It was also in his hair, on his face - everywhere that Theo had touched, which appeared to be…pretty much everywhere.

There was also flour all over Theo’s hands, in his own hair and over his back where Harry had pushed him down into the spilt flour on the countertop.

All in all, the evidence was pretty damning. Hermione couldn’t be quite certain what might have happened had she and Malfoy not interrupted.

As it was, the next few minutes were more than a little awkward as both Harry and Theo attempted to compose themselves, a crimson-faced Harry sheepishly casting a wandless Scourgify over Theo and then himself as Malfoy watched with a wry smirk, not allowing either of them the slightest reprieve.

Hermione nudged him in the ribs. ‘Stop it, you,’ she murmured. ‘You’re making it worse.’

‘Oh, I know,’ Malfoy grinned. ‘You missed a spot, Potter.’ He called, snickering when Harry gave him the finger.

Once he’d been thoroughly de-floured, Theo busied himself, sticking his head into cupboards and pulling out plates and cutlery, clattering them noisily onto the marble. Harry jumped at the request for help, and within seconds, low, secretive murmuring had started up in the kitchen area again, punctuated by bursts of hushed laughter.

Malfoy looked over helplessly at Hermione, who shrugged, inordinately pleased.

‘Looks like Harry and Theo have dinner perfectly in hand.’ She smiled primly.

Malfoy grimaced. ‘Quite literally.’ He turned to watch them again. Harry was now attempting to stir the gravy manually, his rhythm faltering when Theo moved to press close behind him, gripping the counter hard and whispering something into Harry’s ear that had him blushing to the roots of his hair.

‘Is this really happening, do you think, Granger?’ Malfoy asked. ‘My best friend and yours?’

‘This is most definitely happening, Draco.’ Hermione confirmed gravely. ‘I’ll be surprised if they even make it to dinner.’

‘Merlin, help us. Theo will be absolutely insufferable.’ He shook his head, although his lips quirked upwards. ‘This is every one of his boyhood wet dreams come to life.’

‘Oi, I can hear you, dickhead.’ Theo called from the kitchen, and Hermione couldn’t help but laugh. ‘Bugger off and leave me and Potter to cook in peace, would you?’

Hermione and Malfoy looked at each other, another unintended giggle bubbling up in her chest at the sight of Malfoy’s disgruntled expression.

He motioned towards the corner sofa in the living area section of the open plan. ‘Shall we sit for a bit, then?’

Hermione nodded, waiting while he topped up her wine one-handed and carried it for her, placing it down on a glass coffee table that matched the dining set and then sitting down, arranging Aurora comfortably in the crook of his arm, a cream velvet pillow propped under her bum. He plucked the lone pink sock from the arm of the sofa, tucking it into the pocket of his hoodie.

Hermione joined him a moment later, settling into the corner seat and reaching for her wine, sipping slowly, savouring the sharpness on her tongue.

‘Are you not having one?’ She asked, noticing Malfoy hadn’t poured wine for himself.

He shook his head ruefully. ‘No. Not when Aurora is this little and Theo’s already sunk half a bottle of Pinot.’ He looked rather longingly at Hermione’s beading glass as he continued. ’It’s the same reason I don’t use my Occlusion any more. In the past… I found it too easy to shut myself away, make myself numb, especially when things felt like too much. I… I got reliant on it, and I missed so many things because of it. I don’t want to do that again. I’m Aurora’s sole parent. I want to be alert, prepared if anything goes wrong. I need to be present for her.’

Hermione hadn’t known Malfoy was an Occlumens. She thought back to the ‘episodes,’ Anastasia Greengrass had mentioned that day at the funeral home and wondered if Malfoy had been using his Occlusion to try and keep himself sane during his time in Azkaban. Walling yourself off was a useful tool to have, but one that she imagined could easily become a habit any time a person was overwhelmed. She thought about how much she’d watched him suffer after Astoria’s death and once again was astounded by Malfoy’s love and dedication to his daughter. It took a huge amount of inner strength to deny yourself a form of self-preservation, especially when faced with what Malfoy had been over the past few months.

‘That makes perfect sense, Draco.’ She agreed, placing her wine back down.

On the coffee table in front of them was a thick photo album. The front cover was a pale cornflower blue leather, padded and decorated with tiny gold stars, embossed with the words:

My First Year

Aurora Astoria Narcissa Malfoy

A Polaroid camera sat next to the album, several photos spread out on the glass.

Hermione leaned forward to get a better look.

The first photo was of Aurora, lying on her playmat in just a nappy. She was grinning up at the photographer, her little feet firmly grasped in her hands. Hermione noticed small, chubby rolls finally beginning to appear on her arms and thighs. Her cheeks were bunched, her eyes shining with joy. Draco had written the date and an accompanying note below it in his familiar looping script.



Hermione's chest constricted a little.

In the second image, Aurora was on her playmat again. This time, the picture had caught her reaching up to swipe at a star-shaped rattle that hung from the activity gym arcing over her head.

Malfoy was lying next to her on the floor, one arm stretched out towards Aurora, the other bent underneath his head where he’d evidently fallen dead asleep on the carpet, blonde hair cascading in a tumble over his forehead, his lower lip pouting in repose. The caption for this picture simply said:



The constriction in her chest tightened, Hermione’s poor heart squeezing painfully.

The third picture was of Theo, sitting on the same couch Hermione and Malfoy were sitting on now. Theo held Aurora aloft, his forearms taut, large hands gripping firmly onto her waist as he grinned up at her. Aurora was clearly squealing with delight, her mouth open wide. Theo’s eyes sparkled with affection, his love for the little girl movingly evident. The photo’s caption read:



Hermione smiled, her eyes running over the joyful faces in the photographs, beautiful images that betrayed nothing of the heartache that underpinned Aurora’s entry into the world.

‘Those are just the ones I haven’t stuck in yet.’ Malfoy murmured, indicating the album. Hermione leaned over and picked it up carefully.

‘May I?’

He nodded. ‘Of course.’

Hermione gently opened the front cover, finding the same picture she had at home, printed on the front of the card Malfoy had given her. The photo of Aurora in the hospital, just a day or two old and yawning widely. She smiled faintly at the familiar image before turning the page, holding it carefully by the corner.

The next double spread was filled with writing, an introductory page for Aurora entitled ‘All About Me.’

Hermione’s throat began to ache as she read.



Hermione’s vision blurred as she remembered Malfoy’s first moments with Aurora, picturing him bent over her crib in the hospital, talking and talking as tears fell freely from his eyes. The memory as clear in her mind as if it were only yesterday. She blinked rapidly, trying to clear her brimming tears away as she turned the page.

The next section was entitled IMPORTANT PEOPLE IN MY LIFE and Malfoy had begun filling it with photographs, all Polaroids except for one.

The first was a photograph of Draco and Aurora. He was wearing a shirt and the soft grey jumper she’d seen him in before. Aurora was wrapped in a knitted blanket, cradled tightly in his arms. His eyes were closed, his face pressed tenderly into her hair. Beneath the photo, he’d written:



There was one of Theo, awkward in those first few weeks, one ankle propped on the other knee as he held Aurora for the picture, Malfoy was also in shot, hovering at Theo’s elbow, anxiously waiting to take Aurora back.

Blaise and Pansy were sitting together for their photo, Blaise’s head thrown back as he laughed at something unknown, brown eyes shining with amusement. Pansy, however, looked straight at the camera, her skin and make-up flawless, despite the relaxed atmosphere of the shot, smiling wryly like she was posing for a modelling shoot. They held Aurora between them, their knees touching, both as immaculate as always.

The last photo was older, a moving, magical picture. In the image, Astoria Malfoy smiled on a loop. She was in a garden, it appeared, maybe the grounds of Malfoy Manor. The sun was shining and she was barefoot on the neatly mown grass, colourful flowers blooming in the hedgerow behind her. She was wearing a blush pink dress, high-necked and made of lace. She looked almost exactly as Hermione remembered - small and pale, her eyes the lightest of blues, her mousy brown hair fine and straight, falling to her elbows. However, although she still appeared fragile, she ran her hands over a large baby bump, smoothing down her dress and turning to the side, obviously being directed by the photographer whom Hermione could only assume must have been Draco. She looked happy, her eyes tired around the edges but bright and full of joy, a jarring contrast to the last time Hermione had seen her.

Written underneath was:



Hermione swiped surreptitiously at her eyes.

Behind her, Malfoy was silent, his teeth worrying at a thumbnail.

She noticed there were no photos of Narcissa, and Hermione couldn’t help wondering again where she was. Malfoy hadn’t mentioned her at any time in the last four months, other than to make the pointed decision to name his baby after her. There was obviously no bad blood between them, and Narcissa hadn’t died (Hermione had checked), so where on Earth was she?

Hermione flipped the page, relieved to find that the rest of the album consisted mostly of shots of Aurora over the weeks and months she’d missed. There were two or three Polaroids for each week , each one captioned with an explanation of what Aurora was doing, or who she was with.

As she looked at the pictures, Hermione gradually got her emotions under control, laughing as Malfoy pointed at one and told her that it was the day of Aurora’s first ‘Poonami,’ giggling uncontrollably when he explained what that was. In the photo, Malfoy held Aurora gingerly away from his white shirt, his expression horrified as Blaise cracked up next to him, holding his hands up as if to keep Malfoy back.

‘These are wonderful,’ Hermione breathed. ‘The perfect way to memorialise her first year.’

‘I think so.’ Malfoy’s voice was low in her ear. He was closer than she’d realised, his exhales tickling her neck where he’d leaned in to look at the album over her shoulder. He smelled of aftershave and washing powder and she could feel the heat of his forearm where it pressed at her back-

‘Ahhh, you’re showing Granger the memory book.’

Hermione jolted, looking up to find Theo standing in front of them, the bottle of Pinot in hand. ‘Top up, darling?’

Hermione shook her head. ‘I’m good, thanks, Theo.’

‘Did he show you the nappy blowout photo yet?’ Theo smirked. ‘All over his Gucci shirt too.’

Hermione laughed. ‘He did. That’s one to keep for her eighteenth birthday.’

Theo suddenly became animated. ‘Oh, Malfoy, shall we try and get the picture of Granger you wanted?’ Hermione glanced sharply up at Malfoy, who immediately coloured, a pink flush dusting his cheeks.

‘It’s- it’s not like that,’ he stuttered, throwing Theo a murderous look. ‘It’s just, I ah, I did mention that I kind of feel like you deserve a spot on the ‘People who are important to me’ page. Aurora might not even be here if it wasn’t for you.’

‘Oh,’ Hermione whispered, unbelievably moved by the sentiment.

‘Go on, then.’ Theo urged. ‘Hand her the baby and I’ll take the picture.’

‘Really? Are you sure… ‘ Hermione began. ‘I don’t know if..’ but Malfoy had already risen, bending to place Aurora carefully into her arms. Hermione took her, seemingly being given no choice, settling the baby into the crook of her arm.

Aurora began fidgeting, jostled by the transfer. Hermione readjusted her arms to make her more comfortable, watching her little face relax as she settled, twitching slightly in sleep. She dipped her head to breathe in Aurora's sweet, milky scent, smoothing her hair back from her face.

The sudden pop and flash of the Polaroid took Hermione by surprise. She snapped her head up to find Theo squinting one-eyed into the viewfinder, slowly lowering the camera.

‘That’s a good one, I think.’

‘But I wasn’t ready.’ Hermione protested, aware she sounded a little petulant. ‘I didn’t know you were taking it.’

‘That’s the whole point,’ Malfoy replied as Theo took the small rectangle of card that slid slowly out of the slot by the corner, waving it a few times and then placing it down on the table. ‘Natural shots are better. They show the person as they genuinely are, rather than in a manufactured pose.’

‘Oh.’ Hermione supposed it made sense, but she’d really have appreciated being prepared - she didn’t think she was the most photogenic.

They all looked down as, slowly, the image on the Polaroid began to develop, the white surface gradually filling in with colour and shapes.

Hermione saw herself appear as she’d been captured in the moment, unaware and unselfconscious.

A rogue curl had escaped from behind her ear, brushing her cheekbone as she gazed down at Aurora, nestled comfortably in her arms. Her lips curved into a small, tender smile, her fingers frozen in the act of gently sweeping the blonde strands away from Aurora’s forehead.

Malfoy walked around and picked up the photo, smiling. But as the image fully materialised, he stilled, his breath catching in his throat.

He looked down at the Polaroid for an unbearably long time, the tension in his jaw evident through the flex of the tendons in his neck, his pulse throbbing beneath the runes.

Finally, he swallowed with an audible click, his eyes flicking up to meet hers.

‘I-‘ he began. ‘Ah, if you’ll just… excuse me a moment.’ He placed the picture down on the coffee table, turned and walked straight out of the room.



* * *



Theo lowered the camera slowly to the table, his expression confused. ‘What-?’ He looked down at the photo and then back up at Hermione, something dawning behind his eyes as he did.

‘Shit.’

‘Theo,’ Hermione’s voice was small. ‘Should you go after him?’

Theo shook his head. ‘No. Just give him a minute. He’ll be okay.’ But he looked upset too.

Harry had stopped what he was doing, watching from the kitchen. ‘Everything okay, Mi?’ He called.

‘Everything’s fine,’ Theo answered for her, because Hermione couldn’t speak. Harry frowned, beginning to make his way around the island, but before he had the chance to take more than a step, Malfoy reappeared. If Theo also noticed his red-rimmed eyes, he didn’t mention it, and neither did Hermione.

‘Sorry,’ Malfoy didn’t look at either of them. ‘Sorry. Just needed the loo.’ Hermione stared mutely at his profile, her fingers twisting in the material of her dress, but Theo nodded, clapping him gently on the back and giving his shoulder an affectionate squeeze that Hermione felt conveyed much more than he was saying out loud. ‘Alright, mate,’ he said softly. ‘I’ll just get back to Harry.’

Draco stood for a moment, his hands in his pockets, blonde head bowed, nudging at the edge of Theo’s cream rug with his socked toe. It seemed to be with great effort that he finally lifted his eyes to look at her. Despite saying that morning that he was doing better, Hermione saw the depth of pain that remained in the stormy grey, dark and profound, seeming to catch him by surprise when he least expected it. Grief had a way of doing that, she knew.

He finally gave her a stiff sort of smile and then moved to sit next to her on the sofa. Hermione noticed that he didn’t look at the photo still lying on the coffee table, his eyes remaining firmly averted. She desperately wished she could swipe it under the sofa, or shove it under the photo album, anything so that Malfoy didn’t have to see it again.

‘Can I take her?’ He reached for Aurora, and Hermione could tell that he needed to hold his baby. She handed Aurora back and he sighed, holding her tightly to his chest. Their contact-comfort was still going strong, Hermione saw.

She was still trying to think of what to say when the silence was suddenly broken by a string of loud, vibrant swear words erupting from the general direction of the kitchen area.

Harry was bent over the oven, holding the door open as a cloud of black smoke streamed out into his face, dispersing into the room. Theo stood next to him, coughing and waving away the plume. He pointed his wand at the fire alarm on the ceiling, silencing it as it immediately began to wail.

‘Bloody, buggering, wanking FUCK.’ Harry groaned. ‘I got distracted.’

The wicked smile Theo flashed from his side was utterly devoid of remorse.

‘Wait,’ Hermione said, rising to stand, unutterably glad for the distraction. ‘Are you telling me we’ve gone from having completely raw chicken for dinner, to having completely burnt chicken for dinner?’

Harry didn’t need to reply, they could all see for themselves as he flicked his wand and levitated a charred, blackened shape out of the oven, dropping the smoking oven tray onto the countertop. He and Theo looked at it sadly for a moment before Theo snorted, a huff of uncontrollable laughter bursting from his nose. Harry stared at him for only a beat before losing it too, and for the next few minutes the two of them were almost bent double with laughter, Harry lifting his glasses to wipe at his eyes and swearing again softly.

From their place on the sofa, Hermione and Malfoy couldn’t help joining in, the absolute ridiculousness of the failed meal the perfect antidote to the heaviness of the minutes before.

‘For fucks sake,’ Malfoy muttered under his breath. ‘Not even the bloody saviour of the wizarding world could salvage this shit show of a dinner.’ Hermione laughed, relieved that the tension was broken.

‘Bollocks to it,’ Theo said eventually, his chest still hitching with errant bouts of laughter. ‘Let’s just admit we’re crap and order a takeaway.’

‘We should have asked Granger to help. She’s good at everything.’ Malfoy said, and the incredulous look of indignation on Harry’s face immediately set Hermione off again. If they thought she was any better than Theo, then they still had a lot to learn.



* * *



And so, an hour later, they sat at the glass dining table, pulling the foil carton tops off what appeared to be enough Chinese food for fifty people. Malfoy, who had been in charge of ordering, simply shrugged when Hermione quizzed him on the sheer volume of it. ‘I wasn’t sure what you liked,’ he said. ‘I thought if I ordered one of everything, then you’d definitely find something you wanted.’

‘Why didn’t you just ask me?’ Hermione asked, and he cocked his head, looking even more confused. ‘Granger,’ he drawled. ‘I live with Theo. I can guarantee you, none of this food will go to waste.’

The meal was relaxed and informal, despite Theo’s insistence on laying the table ‘properly.’ His Pureblood sensibilities soon made themselves known in the gold placemats and chunky cutlery he laid out lovingly. Harry raised his eyebrows at the cloth napkins, rolled and secured with thick gold metal rings. Hermione didn't have a clue which fork to use, waiting until Theo and Malfoy had picked theirs up before lifting her own, side-eying Harry and noticing him do the same.

She wasn’t particularly hungry, still overloaded by the emotions of the day and so Hermione just picked at some stir fried broccoli and a few noodles, feeling warm and pleasantly relaxed as she sat back and sipped at her wine, marvelling at the easy back and forth between Harry and Malfoy, their mutual teasing remaining good-natured, the conversation flowing naturally.

She noticed Theo covertly studying Harry as he ate, his blue eyes glittering, a small, secretive smile curving his lips. Inevitably, every few minutes, Harry’s own eyes found their way back to Theo too, their gazes repeatedly connecting and holding over the rims of their glasses. The two men constantly found reasons to touch, their fingers brushing with every ‘pass the sweet and sour,’ or ‘another Spring roll, Potter?’ Malfoy had clearly noticed too, his expression softening as he watched them. Hermione thought he probably saw what she did - Theo and Harry were perfect for each other.

Malfoy had been severely mistaken when he’d assumed Aurora would give him time to eat. She’d woken almost the second he sat at the table and now sat propped on his thigh, her dad’s forearm banded around her tummy, grinning gummily at Theo who only occasionally paused eye-fucking Harry long enough to pull faces at her while Malfoy jiggled her on his knee and picked at his dinner, swearing under his breath when he inadvertently dropped a beansprout onto her head.

He left to try and put her into her Moses basket, stopping when he was accosted by Theo, who demanded bedtime kisses and cuddles beforehand. Hermione didn’t miss the thunderstruck look on Harry’s face as he watched Theo with the baby and smiled to herself. He was clearly so gone, and it was adorable.

Her phone buzzed again in her pocket, and Hermione pulled it out, her lips thinning as she opened the messages she’d received over the course of the night.

HI, GORGEOUS, HOW ARE YOU? The first one read.

She opened the next. LOOKING FORWARD TO TOMORROW NIGHT. WEAR SOMETHING NICE. I’M PLANNING ON SPOILING YOU.

Hermione swallowed heavily, something like guilt trickling through her veins. Her fingers hovered over the buttons for a moment as she debated her response, typing and then deleting a few different sentences. Eventually, she closed the message with a sigh, promising herself she’d reply later, when her head was a little clearer.



* * *



By the time Malfoy returned ten minutes later, they’d moved to the sofas. Hermione sat with her feet in Harry’s lap, giggling as she listened to him tell one of her favourite stories about his first week as an Auror and a ridiculous case he was given involving a missing person that turned out to actually be an old lady's cat.

‘How was I supposed to know ‘Barry’ wasn’t an actual person?’ Harry sniggered. ‘She called him in as a missing persons case. When she was describing him, I just thought he was a particularly hairy, ginger-haired man.’

‘Are we talking about Weasley?’ Malfoy asked, dropping several bags of sweets onto the table and collapsing heavily beside Theo onto the sofa. ‘Dessert, anyone?

There was an immediate scramble for the Percy Pigs, Theo swearing loudly as Harry wandlessly Accioed the last one from his fingers just as he was about to put it in his mouth. ‘I’d be furious if that wasn’t so bloody sexy, Potter.’ He murmured, and Harry’s face heated.

Malfoy rolled his eyes, leaning forward to take a lolly. As he did, the sleeve of his hoodie rode up slightly. Hermione cringed as Harry’s eyes honed in on the small, reddened patch of skin visible at his wrist. The slashes of the D were puffy and swollen, possibly looking even more inflamed than earlier that morning.

The indulgent grin fell from Harry’s face, the atmosphere instantly sobering as his eyes remained fixed on Malfoy’s arm for a painful few seconds before moving up to his face with a slight lift of his chin.

‘We…should talk.’ He said gruffly, and Malfoy nodded, rubbing a hand over his jaw, the taut lines of stress she remembered from the hospital making an unwelcome reappearance around his eyes.

‘We should.’

‘Theo,’ Hermione jumped up. ‘Do you want to help me clear up?’

Theo followed behind her as they moved to the kitchen area, his eyes flinty. Malfoy cast another monitoring spell on Aurora, his wand glowing as he motioned for Harry to follow him and the two men slipped out onto the balcony, their silhouettes lit up by the glowing blue lights of the pool.

Hermione was silent, methodically wiping the marble tops, needing the distraction.

‘I can’t believe I finally snogged Harry fucking Potter.’ Theo breathed at her side.

She turned, smiling at the dreamy expression on his face.

Theo caught her looking and shook his head.

‘Quick, slap me, Granger’. He put down the tea towel he’d been holding and pointed to his cheek, turning his face to the side. ‘I need to check it’s real and not just another one of my dirty dreams…Actually,’ he backtracked almost immediately, seeming to think better of it. ‘Please don’t, Malfoy said you’re stronger than you look. Supposedly, those little paws are deadly weapons.’

Hermione laughed. ‘I would never slap you, Theo. You’re too pretty.’

He smirked, glancing back outside where Malfoy and Harry remained.

‘Do you think they’re alright out there? Why is Harry gesturing like that?’

‘They have a lot to discuss.’ Hermione reminded him. ‘I know Harry wants to update Draco on the Greengrasses too.’

‘I just hope nothing is said to set him back, that’s all.’ He murmured. ‘We worked so hard to hold on to him after that day in the funeral home and all the shit that happened. Then he got this idea about your scar and, with Malfoy, there’s no telling him if he decides something. He really felt like it was the only way to show you that he’d changed, and I know how glad he is that you don’t hate him for it. I want him to be able to move forward, to keep getting stronger, not fall back to where we were three months ago.’

‘I don’t think you need to worry,’ Hermione said gently. ‘I actually think Harry understands Draco better than any of us realise.’

Theo nodded, his eyes taking on that faraway look again, the one Hermione was beginning to recognise well.

He turned to her. ‘He’s… a good person, isn’t he, Harry? A good friend, a good man.’

‘The best,’ Hermione smiled. ‘I think you make a great match.’

Theo groaned again, a distressed look suddenly crossing his face. ‘This all just feels… I don’t fucking know... I’ve wanted this for so long, wanted him for so long. But I never thought he’d reciprocate, I didn’t even know he was gay. But now he’s here, and he’s kissing me and flirting with me, and… fuck, now it’s actually happening, I think I’m actually a bit bloody terrified. I don’t know what he wants, what he’s thinking…’

‘Theo,’ Hermione said. ‘I think he made what he wants pretty clear, don’t you? You both have. It seems pretty mutual.’

Theo’s mouth twisted. ‘Anyone can want that, Hermione. I can do that with anyone. But I don’t know if I can just do it with Potter without needing more.’ Hermione was speechless, surprised by Theo’s sweet vulnerability. ‘I asked around, after I last saw him,’ he continued. ‘And the general consensus is, he’s a huge fucking slut. I can’t… I don’t want to just be another one of the Chosen One’s fuck buddies, I…’ Theo’s mouth snapped shut as the glass door suddenly slid open and Harry stepped inside, his hair windswept, his cheeks pink from the cold.

‘Salazar,’ Theo muttered under his breath. ‘Actually, forget what I said. He can use me for anything.’

Malfoy stepped in behind him, and Hermione could see the tension in both of their faces, Malfoy’s jaw was set, a muscle ticking there, and Harry’s green eyes were harder than usual, but they both smiled as they headed to the kitchen, and Hermione let herself relax a little.

‘Everything okay?’ Malfoy asked, and Hermione couldn’t help but turn to Theo, who looked as emotionally sucker punched as she felt.

‘All good.’ He replied weakly. ‘Everything’s great.’

‘It’s getting late.’ Regret laced Harry’s tone as he looked at his watch. ‘I’ll have to head off.’

‘I’ll walk you out.’ Theo squeezed Hermione’s hand under the countertop before heading out towards Harry.

Harry paused. ‘I’ll meet you in the lobby, Mi?’ She gave him a thumbs up, glad she’d have a minute to talk to Malfoy. ‘I’ll see you in a sec.’

Theo waited while Harry found his Auror robes and put them back on, his eyes darkening appreciatively, and then he pulled Harry by the hand, leading him out towards the elevator. ‘Thanks for dinner, Malfoy.’ Harry called on his way out, his voice suddenly muffled by what Hermione could only assume was Theo’s mouth.

Hermione and Malfoy were alone.

He turned tired eyes to hers. ‘Are you alright?’ He stepped closer. ‘I know today has been a lot.’

‘My scar is hurting you.’ Hermione blurted, needing to let out the niggling worry she’d had since she’d glimpsed it earlier.

Malfoy’s face instantly closed, his eyebrows drawing together in a frown. ‘It’s fine, Granger. It’s just fresh, that’s all.’ He insisted. ‘I’m more than used to dealing with scars. I said the same bloody thing to Potter. Please don’t start worrying about it.’ He blew out a frustrated breath. ‘I don’t want to… I really hoped things were…’

‘I’m not going to be able to accept what you did as easily as you want me to, Draco. It’s not as simple as that.’

He sighed, looking resigned. ‘I know.’

‘I can’t explain… it took a lot for me to get used to actually having it, and now it’s gone and you’re wearing it. I don’t want it to hurt you. I understand your reasons, but it’s been a part of me for so long. I’m confused about how I feel, and-‘

‘I’m sorry.’ He said, reaching for her, catching hold of her fingers and twining them with his. ‘I’m sorry. I’m sorry. Please don’t be upset, Granger, that’s the last thing I want.’

Hermione looked up at the ceiling, willing herself not to cry. ‘I’m alright.’

Malfoy shot her a sceptical look. Clearly she absolutely was not.

‘I will be.’ Hermione conceded. ‘Just… Draco, will you at least let me heal you? Only a little. It won’t take much. I’m a highly trained mediwitch. I can make it less inflamed, take away any infection…’ Malfoy was already shaking his head, and Hermione groaned with frustration. She’d known he’d say no. This godsdamn man - he bloody wanted it to hurt. It was all part of his self-imposed reparations mission.

‘It’s not infected.’ He shrugged, dropping her hand. ‘And it doesn’t hurt.’

Hermione frowned up at him, irritatedly blowing a loose curl out of her face. ‘I know that’s not true.’

‘You look cute when you’re cross, you know.’ Hermione twitched at the obvious distraction technique, ashamed at the way her stomach flipped when she looked up and found him smiling at her.

‘WHAT?’ She spluttered. ‘Draco, you can’t say that…it’s not…’ but he was laughing, the sound vibrating low in his chest. She swatted at him, her palm glancing off the hard muscle of his shoulder.

‘Oi!’ He grinned. ‘You don’t always have to immediately resort to violence as a means of expressing yourself, Granger. Potter was right when he said you were scary.’

‘Oh, you’ve seen nothing yet, Malfoy. I work in a public hospital - I’m hard as nails.’

He laughed even harder. ‘I believe it. Stop pouting, will you, and just give me a hug.’ He reached out, sliding a hand around Hermione’s shoulders. ‘It’s been a fucking mental day and I think we both really need one.’

Hermione should have put up more of a fight, but she was tired and his arms felt good as they tightened around her - warm and strong and safe. She sagged against his chest, breathing in Malfoy’s cologne and feeling his heart beat steadily against her cheek as she let her own hands encircle his waist. After a moment, he dipped his head, pressing his face into her hair in the same way he did with his daughter and inhaling deeply. Hermione closed her eyes, very much needing him to not do that.

She didn’t like the nagging awareness that was slowly forming in the back of her mind, the awful feeling of something blooming in her chest that shouldn’t be.

Eventually, Malfoy released her and stood back, yawning. He stretched, and Hermione looked away quickly from the glimpse of pale skin and curling vines.

‘Are you working tomorrow?’

Hermione grimaced. ‘Yes, I have a twelve-hour shift. I’m covering for Ernie.’

‘Urgh,’ he scowled at the mention of her colleague. ‘Well, Aurora and I could come and meet you for lunch, maybe? I’ll bring something.’

‘That sounds lovely,’ Hermione replied. ‘But I’ll bring the lunch. I make a great sandwich, actually.’

He smiled at that, and Hermione realised with dismay that the eye-crinkle was beginning to become a thing for her. Malfoy was so rarely truly unguarded that his real smile felt like something precious, a gift bestowed upon her - fragile - like a butterfly landing on your arm, there for a moment and then gone, fleeting and beautiful.

‘Okay. We’ll see you tomorrow.’ He fetched her coat and then waited at the door.

Hermione looked up at him. ‘Goodnight, Draco.’ She said softly. ‘Thanks for dinner.’

‘Night, Granger. Good luck extracting Potter from Theo’s clutches. Return Nott to me, if you can.’

Hermione laughed as Malfoy finally dragged his eyes away, giving her a small wave and turning to head back inside. It was only as she glanced down that Hermione saw the Polaroid - the photo of her and Aurora, sticking out of the back pocket of his jeans.



Chapter End Notes

Soooo…Those feelings are GROWING!!!

Just to clarify, I tried to write Draco’s little breakdown over the photo as a combination of things, sadness, guilt and maybe something else that he isn’t quite ready to get his head around yet. For now, he just knows that he wants to be around Hermione ALL THE TIME and he is doing everything he can to make that happen.

Next chapter we see their friendship grow, along with their understanding of one another. We also get more Theo and Harry, who are both also helplessly gone for one another!

The chapter will branch out a little, showing more of Hermione’s life and her goals etc.

Thank you again for reading!





Chapter 14: Oh stand, stand by me


Chapter Notes

🥹 Every week I am just so grateful for the response to this fic.

It’s a difficult subject matter at times and I’m trying to be so sensitive with how I portray everyone’s jumbled emotions, particularly Draco’s, as he forges ahead on his healing journey.

There will be steps forward and back along the way, but ultimately I need him to be ready, because this poor baby needs ALL the love and care.

The support I’ve had in the comments as I try my best to help them navigate such a difficult situation whilst also making this a Dramione (and NottPott 😏) fic, means so much! Thank you!

Thank you to my beta and cheer readers as always and thank you to ApplesandMint for all the help with the Neonatal/ hospital aspects this chapter! I appreciate you!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione - once again absolutely blindsided by Draco Malfoy - lingered in the quiet of the hallway for a moment after the penthouse door closed, gathering her wits.

Had it really only been that morning that she’d woken up and discovered her scar had disappeared?

She felt as though she’d spent the day in the eye of a Malfoy-shaped storm, tumbled around, battered by every possible emotion on the human spectrum and then deposited back to the ground from a height.

Now she was left in the aftermath, confused and disoriented, aching for something that she couldn’t even bring herself to identify.

Her picture was in his pocket.

Why?

Hermione grimaced as she felt her phone vibrate against her hip for the third time that night. She fished it out and unlocked it, opening the newest message.

I HOPE EVERYTHING IS OKAY AND WE’RE STILL ON FOR TOMORROW? MY PORTKEY ACTIVATES AT SEVEN, SO I’LL PICK YOU UP AT EIGHT.

The instinct to just make an excuse and be done with it was strong, but then Hermione thought about her recent promise to herself, and before she could change her mind, she hit reply and typed.

Sounds good. See you at eight.

She debated for a moment, her fingers hovering over the keys, before she added,

Looking forward to it.

She bit the inside of her cheek as she slid her thumb to rest on the SEND button, suddenly filled with an overwhelming sense of trepidation.

But just yesterday, she had been looking forward to this date, hadn’t she? Yes, she’d been nervous, slightly unsure if she wanted to go there again, but the first date had been good, the best she’d had in years. What possible reason did she have for not going on a second?

Hermione had made a vow to herself during her period of self-reflection that she’d stop being so closed off, that she’d try and give dating a real go. A second date was just that - dinner and a drink, she told herself. It didn’t have to lead to a third if she didn’t want it to.

With a determined exhale, she jabbed her finger on the SEND button and shoved her phone back into her pocket, making her way down the thickly carpeted hallway.

On the approach to the elevator, Hermione paused. She’d heard a sound - a sort of whimper. She cocked her head, listening. Now she could hear more - low, fervent whispering, rustling, and was that…panting?

‘Harry?’ She called, closing her eyes. ‘I’m not going to bust you again. I’m going to keep my eyes shut and give you a moment. But, do I need to leave?’

She heard a muffled snort of laughter, coming from just around the corner, behind the glass elevator.

Theo.

‘Harry?’ She called again. ‘Theo?’

More frantic rustling from around the corner, followed by Harry’s disembodied voice, sounding very unlike him - sort of breathy and hoarse. ‘No, you’re alright, Mi… just one… just give us one sec.’ She heard another stifled groan, a muted ‘fuck’, and then a silencing charm was cast, a thick blanket of quiet falling over the hallway.

‘I’m just going to go,’ Hermione called, her eyes squeezed tight. ‘It’s fine-‘ but a moment later the charm dropped and both Harry and Theo appeared, stepping around the corner at the same time, looking equally as dishevelled and sweaty.

Theo’s shirt was untucked, the bottom few buttons undone, revealing a peek of tanned abdomen. His lips were puffy, his jaw scarlet with stubble burn. He looked almost drugged, blue eyes unfocused as he slumped against the wall, a dopey grin on his face.

Hermione raised an eyebrow, turning to let her gaze travel up and down the rumpled form of Auror Harry Potter. His hair was positively wild, his glasses askew. Hermione only noticed how heavily he was breathing at the same time that her eyes snagged elsewhere, and she gasped - ‘Oh! Harry!’

Harry’s eyes widened, his hands flying down to his crotch as he muttered a surreptitious notice-me-not. ‘Sorry,’ he muttered apologetically, a flush creeping up and along his neck. ‘That’s not… I didn’t mean for you to...’

Behind him, Theo smirked, looking exceedingly pleased with himself, but Hermione hadn’t missed the fact that he had his own notice-me-not firmly in place.

‘It’s fine,’ she replied, averting her eyes and trying to sound breezier than she felt. ‘Don’t worry, it’s just.. biology isn’t it. It’s a perfectly normal physiological reaction when you find someone attractive, n-nothing to be embarrassed about, of course.’ Hermione was aware she was rambling, actually fearing that she might just carry on babbling indefinitely until Theo burst out laughing.

‘You’re right, Granger,’ he drawled. ‘It’s just biology. Certain physical responses can’t be helped when you find someone mind-blowingly attractive.’ He held Harry’s eye meaningfully, raising an eyebrow of his own.

Harry was almost puce, his mouth trying its best to smile even as he fought to remain stoic.

‘Shall we go, then?’ Hermione suggested, not feeling remotely hopeful. Harry didn’t appear to have heard her, having gainfully entered back into a staring contest with Theo.

‘Harry?’ This time she was louder. ‘Oh, for goodness’ sake. This is ridiculous, I can walk home by myself.’

‘No!’ Harry winced a little at the impatience in her tone. Hermione hadn’t meant to sound that way, but she was tired and emotional, and she was more than ready to go home and overthink in peace. ‘Let’s go. Sorry, Mi.’ He turned back to Theo, suddenly inexplicably shy. ‘Can I call you? Tomorrow, maybe?’

Theo responded in kind, his smile lighting up his whole face. ‘I’d like that, Potter, yeah. Definitely.’

‘Okay then, I will.’ Harry stepped away, then back again, throwing a glance at Hermione before leaning in to press his lips against Theo’s, quickly and chastely. Theo’s eyes fluttered closed, and Harry clenched his jaw, slowly turning away. Hermione saw the effort it took for him to take the first step to begin walking towards her.

‘Bye, Nott.’

‘Night, Theo.’ Hermione called.

Theo remained slumped against the wall, his eyes heavy-lidded, watching them as Harry reluctantly stepped with Hermione into the elevator.

Hermione waited for Harry to command it, hoping he had figured out the correct way to coerce the lift into a smooth ride.

‘Harry.’

Theo’s voice was quiet, but Harry didn’t hesitate.

‘Sorry, Mi, just one sec.’ He whirled around and stepped out of the lift, striding purposefully back down the hallway towards Theo and shoving him against the wall. Harry used one hand to cup Theo’s jaw, the other coming up to fist in the curling flicks of hair at the nape of his neck. He thrust his thigh back between Theo’s legs and kissed him, desperately, as though those few minutes when he hadn’t been were too much.

Theo let out a positively indecent sound in response, grasping at the collar of Harry’s Auror robes and yanking him even closer.

‘Okay,’ Hermione called, throwing her hands up in submission. ‘I’m waiting in the lobby. I’ll see you down there.’

She fervently wished she hadn’t had so much wine and could just Apparate home, but alas, it was just Hermione versus the lift.

‘Can you take me…at a reasonable pace… to the ground floor?’ She asked tentatively, holding her breath as the doors slid smoothly shut and…nothing happened. Hermione waited for a moment longer, huffing with impatience, before realisation dawned.

‘Oh,’ she muttered. ‘Please.’

With a satisfied ‘Ding!’ the lift obliged, and a moment later Hermione was deposited gracefully back into the lobby. She headed straight for the nearest sofa and collapsed into it, certain she was in for rather a long wait.



* * *



In actuality, only five or so minutes had passed before Harry appeared, falling out of the lift and looking just as flustered and frustrated as Hermione had left him. He shuffled towards her, and Hermione wondered how one man could look so crushingly disappointed and yet so hopeful at the same time.

‘Alright?’ She asked, and he nodded, running a hand roughly through his hair.

‘Sorry for making you wait.’ He dropped onto the sofa and tipped his head back, whipping off his glasses before covering his face with his hands and groaning loudly into them. From his place at the door, Jason looked over, concerned.

‘We’re fine, Jason.’ Hermione called. ‘Don’t worry.’

Harry paused his groaning to peek out between his fingers, frowning confusedly. ‘Jason?’

Hermione shrugged. ‘The doorman. We’re on a first-name basis now.’

‘Oh. Right.’ Harry closed his eyes and resumed his meltdown.

‘Harry, are you okay?’

Harry moved his hands away, turning to look at her, his expression solemn. ‘No, love. I don’t think I am. Nott has scrambled my brain. Kissed me until I couldn’t walk and then just… left me. Waltzed back into his apartment, told me to ‘call him’ and then shut the door in my bloody face.’

Hermione smiled, smoothing down Harry’s rumpled collar affectionately. ‘Who would have thought it?’ She murmured. ‘Theodore Nott, a Slytherin, finally being the one to get under Harry Potter’s skin.’

Harry closed his eyes. ‘I’m fucked, Mi.’ He muttered miserably. ‘Absolutely fucked.’



* * *



Ten minutes later, when Harry had gathered his faculties enough to stand, they left Theo’s building.

‘Night, Jason,’ Hermione waved, and he grinned, tipping his hat respectfully.

‘Goodnight, Miss Granger, Mr Potter. Good to see you.’

It was chilly outside, and despite it being nearly the end of March, warming charms were necessary as they descended the marble steps of Hebridean Heights and began the short walk home. Both Harry and Hermione glanced up at the Penthouse, but the windows were mostly dark, no one visible from the street below. They walked arm in arm, silent for the first five minutes until Harry turned to her, his voice gentle.

‘I’m really sorry about tonight.’

Hermione turned to peer up at him. ‘What do you mean?’

Harry looked shamefaced, seemingly regaining his senses a little now that he was further away from Theo. ‘I’ve been selfish, I didn’t check in on you enough. How are you feeling now? Did you manage to talk to Malfoy about everything?’

Hermione shrugged. ‘We did talk, but ... He’s insisting the scar doesn’t hurt him when I can tell that it does, and that bothers me immensely. What did he say when you took him outside? You both looked a little tense when you came in.’

Harry sighed. ‘He told me what he told you, I guess. That he had to do it, that he has a lot of regrets about his past and that he’s pleased to wear the scar in your place. In his own weird way, he made it make sense, you know? I understand his guilt, his need to take responsibility.’

‘But it’s hurting him, Harry. You saw that, right?’

Harry’s mouth twisted. ‘I only saw a glimpse, but yeah, it looked pretty nasty. He didn’t seem like it bothered him, though.’ He turned to look at her as he continued. ‘He seems to have pretty strong feelings regarding you in general, actually, Mi.’

Hermione deliberately kept her gaze trained on the ground as she asked, ‘How so?’

‘Basically, Malfoy seems to think the sun absolutely shines out of your arse. He banged on for a solid ten minutes about all the things you’d done for him, how you helped him with Aurora, how selfless you are, how kind, how intelligent.’

Hermione couldn’t quite take in a full breath. She felt a bit dizzy, wishing again that she hadn’t drunk quite so much wine.

‘I put him straight, obviously.’ Harry said, nudging her gently and grinning. ‘Said he’d soon find out you were just a tiny, bossy pain in the bum.’

Hermione laughed and shoved him a little with her elbow, sending an unsuspecting Harry stumbling into a lamppost.

‘Thanks a lot, Harry, and to think I had your back when Theo asked about you.’

Now it was Harry’s turn to flounder. He turned wide green eyes to hers, his expression suddenly serious, but he didn’t ask her to elaborate. They walked silently again, each lost in their own thoughts.

Hermione couldn’t stop going back to what Harry had said about Malfoy.

He always credited her for so much regarding Aurora, and yet seemed determined to ignore his own successes - Theo had said as much when he came to visit her that day.

Draco was growing in confidence as a single father. She could see it in the patient and competent way he dealt with Aurora’s needs and in the beautiful relationship reflected through the Polaroid pictures.

His daughter adored him, she was healthy and happy, everything Hermione had hoped for when she’d given her vote of confidence in the hospital all those months ago. Aurora was thriving, and that had nothing to do with Hermione but everything to do with Malfoy and his unwavering devotion to his daughter.

But… despite all of those things, Hermione couldn’t deny that some of Draco’s behaviours were concerning.

Finding a way to take her scar had required powerful magic, but it had also required time and energy, two things she knew were in short supply when doting upon a small baby. Hermione had a horrible feeling that he’d spent the past few months running off adrenaline, trying to find peace in redemption rather than dealing with his grief.

Finding a distraction was a common coping method, especially finding one that made you feel good. It wasn’t necessarily wrong, but Hermione was worried that his insistence on making himself hurt ran deeper even than the reasons he’d given her that morning. He’d spoken many times about his guilt surrounding Astoria and his absence during her time of need. Combine that with his visceral reaction to the Polaroid, and Draco’s behaviour was worryingly close to self-flagellation.

He was choosing not to Occlude, but instead, he was hurting himself physically as a way to dull the pain he felt emotionally.

Hermione bit back tears for what felt like the hundredth time that day.

Malfoy needed more time with a Mind Healer, that much was clear, but she also knew, instinctively, that he would never be completely honest with a stranger, especially not one foisted upon him by the Ministry. He seemed determined to always pretend he was coping, to only show the pain that overflowed before he could rein himself in, even with his closest friends. If she was the queen of ‘I’m fine,’ then he was almost certainly the king.

Hermione thought about what Theo had said the day of Aurora’s birth. Malfoy had never told any of them exactly what had happened to him during his time as a Death Eater, nor discussed what he’d endured in Azkaban. He’d only told Astoria, and he’d insinuated that it was because he felt like she was stuck with him, that she couldn’t leave him even if she wanted to. But Hermione knew how Astoria had called for Draco in her final moments, had studied Astoria’s expression in her photograph, the way she’d smiled past the camera at the person taking the shot.

She didn’t look like a woman under duress. Astoria had loved Malfoy, deeply, and Hermione thought she could understand why.

Three months ago, he hadn’t been ready to talk, he’d pushed her away, believing that he was protecting her. But now, he seemed to want Hermione in his life as much as she, inexplicably, wanted to be there. She could only hope that over time, as someone separate from his group of ever-loyal friends, Hermione could somehow enable him to see that he was no longer as tainted as he seemed to believe, that he was a good father, and a good man. Malfoy deserved peace and happiness as much as anyone else.

‘Mione?’ Harry was looking at her again. ‘You sure you’re alright?’

She lifted Harry’s arm and snuggled underneath it, needing the familiar comfort of her best friend. ‘I’m fine,’ she murmured, laughing quietly to herself at the irony. Harry’s eyebrows pulled together, and he tightened his arm, running his thumb over the cap of her shoulder through her coat.

‘Are you… still going on your date tomorrow?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione swallowed her reticence. ‘I’m going to go.’

‘Good,’ Harry said, and she heard a tinge of relief in his tone. ‘I think you should. I know I joke around, but Malfoy was right. You deserve happiness. You deserve the world.’

She turned to look up at him, startled. As often happened during their years of friendship, it was as though Harry had been reading her mind. He knew her better than anyone, and so he’d know her head and her heart weren’t in it. She knew what he was doing, saw the way he was trying to protect her by steering her in the most straightforward direction. Hermione sighed. She appreciated and loved Harry for wanting the best for her, she just wasn’t quite convinced that she was going to find everything she’d been looking for on tomorrow night’s date.



* * *



When they got back to the flat, Hermione was surprised to find an owl waiting at the window, pecking impatiently to be let inside. She immediately recognised the insignia on its harness as being the one for St Mungo’s and ran to the window, casting a warming charm around the old bird and feeding him some cubed cheese as she removed the scroll from his outstretched leg.

‘Oh my darling,’ she crooned, stroking over the owl's soft feathers. ‘How long have you been waiting out there in the cold?’

As she unfurled the parchment, Hermione gasped, a sudden wave of nausea rolling over her.



It had been months since Hermione had put forward her application for a healing research grant, an opportunity that rarely came up within St Mungo’s and was highly sought after.

If successful in securing the grant, candidates would be given time and money to research and trial new treatment plans, potentially with an opportunity for further roll-out depending on their success. There were only two or three spots given out every few years, and the offer went out hospital-wide to all medical staff with enough qualifications to deem them eligible.

As Chief Mediwitch for the Neonatal department, Hermione had known she was eligible to qualify, but competition was fierce and there were plenty of other Healers in her position throughout St Mungo’s. Just to be considered was an honour, and if she could produce results, it would be a huge addition to her CV, another step closer to achieving her goal of becoming Chief Healer one day.

Harry had come to read over her shoulder, and he swore softly as he read the parchment ‘Oh shit,’ he muttered. ‘Is that good?’

‘I have no idea.’ Hermione read the letter again. ‘I can’t tell anything from this.’

‘Well, don't panic,’ Harry said, although he knew she definitely would. ‘Go in tomorrow and see what Jennings says. I bet it’s good news. You worked hard on that application.’

Hermione nodded, her stomach churning as she read the short note over and over, searching for a hidden meaning that just wasn’t there.

‘We’ll see, I suppose. Nothing I can do now but wait.’

She kissed Harry on the cheek, handing him his phone from the kitchen counter where it had lit up several times since they’d arrived home. He opened his messages, green eyes going wide and then immediately darkening, his pupils visibly expanding as he read. He turned the screen away, covering it with his hand as a slow smile tugged the corners of his mouth.

‘I’m- I’m going to head to bed.’ He whispered, his voice cracking a little.

‘Sure,’ Hermione replied. ‘See you in the morning. Say hi to Theo for me.’

Harry grinned, already typing a reply as he made his way to his bedroom. He was so caught up in his phone that he walked straight into the door frame, stumbling and grabbing at his big toe with a muttered ’bollocks,’ but still not looking up from the screen as he hopped inside and slammed the door.

Hermione got ready for bed slowly, knowing already that she wouldn’t be able to sleep. She climbed under her duvet and pulled it over her head, her mind swirling as she ran her fingers down the soft skin of her inner arm, ruminating over the events of the day and worrying about what tomorrow might bring.

On the nightstand, her phone vibrated with yet another text message. She rolled her eyes, fully planning to ignore it. But as she reached over to turn the phone off, she realised she didn’t recognise the number that had flashed up on the screen. She unlocked it to see the newest message.

Please tell me Potter managed to get you home safe? Also, I think he might have broken Theo. The man is a horny, dribbling mess. D

Hermione smiled, quickly typing out her reply.

Yes, all home safe. Harry isn't faring much better. I had a lovely night, Draco. Thank you X

He replied instantly,

I did too. Aurora is asking what time we can come and see you tomorrow? D

Tell her my lunch break starts at one. I’ll meet you at the entrance to the hospital. What’s your favourite sandwich filling? X

She waited, a little frisson of anticipation lancing through her when her phone lit up again a moment later.

If you make it, I’ll like it. Surprise me.

Still smiling, Hermione curled onto her side, clutching her phone in one hand. She’d almost fallen asleep when it vibrated again on her pillow.

X

She looked at the single letter for a long time. Something fluttering behind her ribcage that she chose to ignore. After a few minutes, Hermione pressed the reply button and typed her own single-letter response.

X

It was a long time before she drifted off again, and when she did, Hermione dreamed of Astoria. She dreamed of Malfoy and Aurora, a beautiful family that had never been given the chance to be whole. She saw herself, standing in the operating theatre as she watched a desperate mother resist the fading light in her eyes, reaching towards the baby she’d fought so hard to protect. This time, when Astoria cried out for Draco, butterflies flew from her mouth, filling the room until they were all Hermione could see.



* * *



‘Come in.’

Hermione pushed her way into Chief Healer Jennings’ office the next morning on shaky legs. She hoped that the glamours she wore were enough to hide the bags under her eyes, that the calming draft she’d taken along with her Pepperup at breakfast was enough to disguise her ever spiralling nerves.

‘Hermione, you’re perfectly on time, of course. Please, sit down.’

Hermione sat, placing her hands in her lap and crossing her legs. She schooled her expression into something neutral, waiting with bated breath.

‘No need to look so worried, dear,’ Healer Jennings said, smiling fondly. ‘I won’t keep you in suspense. This meeting is to let you know that your application has been successful in the first round. This year’s applicants were particularly strong, but we have narrowed the potential candidates down to just two of you, both from the Neonatal department, which is unusual. You will be given a month to plan your research and objectives before you are both required to give a presentation. As long as what you present is deemed viable by the board of directors, you will receive the funding. In six months, we will review the success of both projects before deciding which will be taken on by the hospital and potentially rolled out further. It does mean that you’ll be off the ward more than usual, but Danielle Saidi will fill in for you as Chief Mediwitch when you aren’t here. As you know, Hermione, this is a significant opportunity. I’m certain you will approach it with the dedication and determination you have shown in every aspect of your career so far.’

Hermione was stunned, not sure whether to be elated or terrified. She’d been selected, but so had one of her Neonatal colleagues. They would be in direct competition whilst working together every day.

‘Thank you, Healer Jennings.’ She breathed. ‘Am I able to know who the other candidate is? Just so I can congratulate them?’

‘I have every faith in you, Hermione.’ Chief Healer Jennings smiled, and Hermione allowed herself a small moment to enjoy the little bubble of pride that swelled in her chest. ‘Unfortunately, the other candidate isn’t here today, so I’ll let him know via Floo call later this morning. The official announcement will be made as soon as he comes back to work.’

Hermione waited, but she knew the answer before Healer Jennings even said his name. There was only one other staff member with the same qualifications and experience as she had, even if she had beaten him to the position of Ward Manager the year before.

‘Of course.’ Jennings beamed. ‘Your schoolmate Mr MacMillan was the other successful candidate. Congratulations to you both.’



* * *



Malfoy was waiting for her when Hermione finally escaped the ward at ten past one. He stood at the foot of the front steps, tall and imposing in expensively cut Charcoal robes and a crisp white shirt, his back straight and shoulders squared.

He didn’t notice her at first, too busy warily examining the people walking past, grey eyes coolly assessing. There was a Protego shimmering over Aurora’s pram, but he didn’t need it, most people either knew who he was or were sufficiently intimidated by his demeanour to give him and Aurora a wide berth.

A group of young Mediwitches passed, whispering behind their hands and giggling covertly. One of them, a pretty brunette, lifted her head and attempted to send a coquettish smile in Malfoy’s direction. He didn’t acknowledge her, averting his gaze and turning back to the entrance with a frown.

He finally caught sight of Hermione as she reached the main doors, and instantly his face changed, the frown transforming into a warm smile, grey eyes squinting against the sun as he lifted a hand to wave.

Hermione quickened her steps to meet him, her robes swishing around her feet. ‘Draco, hi,’ she breathed. ‘Sorry I’m late.’ She held up the bag of sandwiches and bottles of Butterbeer she’d packed and indicated the direction of the green. ‘Shall we walk? I only have fifty minutes.’

He looked down at her for a moment, his eyes alight with something unidentifiable, one side of his mouth lifting. ‘Please, Granger, lead the way.’

Hermione felt the Protego shift, the cool shiver of Malfoy’s magic as it stretched to fit over the three of them. She didn’t mention the protection spell, didn’t need to ask him why it was there. Hermione knew exactly why.

They left the hospital and walked slowly towards the green, their pace unhurried, the conversation easy. Malfoy asked Hermione how her day had been, and she filled him in on her meeting, excited to finally have someone to tell.



* * *



Fifteen minutes later, they were on their second lap around the path. Malfoy pushed Aurora’s pram with one hand, gripping his half-eaten sandwich tightly in the other, a ferocious scowl darkening his features.

‘Macmillian? Ernie fucking MacMillan? That wet fart is your competition for the grant?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione replied weakly. ‘He is.’ She held her own sandwich aloft, taking small nibbles as they walked. Aurora was awake in her pram, babbling contentedly and reaching up to grab onto her feet, seemingly determined to pull off both of her little white socks. Malfoy peered inside, rearranging her blanket and lifting her hat up from over her eyes, only for it to slip straight back down a moment later.

‘It’s a shame that I’m going up against a colleague,’ Hermione continued. ‘But this could be a huge opportunity. If I plan my project well, I could potentially get funding for a whole new treatment plan or screening program. We’re woefully behind the Muggle world in terms of maternity care, and this could finally be my chance to make a real difference.’

‘Granger,’ Malfoy mumbled, swallowing down another huge bite of his sandwich. ‘I have every faith in you. You’re one of the most determined and intelligent people I’ve ever met. There’s no way that tosser even stands a chance.’ He paused for a beat. ‘Fuck me, this is incredible. What the hell did you put in here?’ He inspected the small bit he had left, pulling apart layers of salad, meat and cheese before wolfing it down in one bite. ‘I actually think that’s the best sandwich I’ve eaten in my entire life.’

Hermione laughed. ‘I highly doubt that, but thank you. Harry seems to like them.’

They came to the same bench she’d sat at with Theo three months before, and Hermione collapsed onto it, glad for an excuse to rest her legs, still feeling achy after her run the day before and a busy morning on the ward.

Malfoy dropped down next to her, tipping his face up to the sun and closing his eyes contentedly. Hermione did the same, the early spring rays pleasantly warm as a light breeze danced over her skin and tugged a few loose strands from her plait.

‘What else do you two have planned today?’ She asked, stretching out languidly.

Malfoy didn’t reply. Hermione opened her eyes to find him already looking at her, the sunlight hitting his face and making the grey of his irises appear silver, almost translucent.

‘Draco?’

He blinked, dropping his gaze and shifting on the bench. ‘Hmm?’

Hermione noticed the edges of her scar peeking out of the end of his sleeve and frowned. It was even more puffy and angry-looking than it had been the day before. Malfoy moved his arm, surreptitiously pushing his sleeve back down, acting as though he hadn’t noticed her looking.

‘Do you have any plans?’ She asked again. ‘For the rest of the day?’

‘Oh. Uh, I’m meeting Blaise at his office after this, I’ve got a few things I want to move around and need to make sure it’s all done by the book. Then I’ve agreed to try this new bloody game Theo and Blaise are into later tonight. They want me to join their team. Blaise reckons it’s safer than Quidditch and a much shorter match, so I don’t have to leave Aurora for so long. Pans is going to come and watch so she can look after her next to the pitch tonight, I’m not ready to actually leave her yet.’

‘That sounds like it could be good for you.’ Hermione said. ‘Which game?’

‘Football, believe it or not.’ He muttered darkly. ‘Theo’s really into the red team, fancies some guy that used to play for them, David Beckingham or something.’

Hermione’s eyebrows shot into her hairline. She quickly blinked away the image of Malfoy in football shorts, filing it for later. ‘You’re - you’re going to play football? Muggle football?’

Malfoy gave her a wry smile. ‘Why do you sound so surprised?’

‘I’m not,’ she laughed as he appraised her suspiciously. ‘Really, I’m not. It just-‘ Hermione waved her arms around. ‘You know… football, Muggle music. It's just not what I expected, that’s all, what with you all coming from such traditional families.’

‘Granger,’ Malfoy’s expression looked pained. ‘Can’t you tell yet that none of us share any of the same views as our families did? Theo is gay, if his father hadn’t died in Azkaban, he would have been disowned immediately for refusing to accept a marriage bond. Blaise works pro-bono for Muggle-borns seeking compensation for their treatment during the war, suing for loss of education, loss of earnings, trauma and bereavement. And my father and I… we did not have a good relationship after what happened with Dumbledore. He…in his…in his note, he blamed me for my family’s problems, said I’d turned my mother against him. None of my friends give a shit about tradition. We all just want to move on from the war, finally have some choice in our own fucking lives.’ He took a shuddering breath, and Hermione saw the effort it took for him to swallow down the raw bitterness of his words. He closed his eyes momentarily and when he opened them again there was a shift, a forced lightness in his demeanour. ‘Anyway, Wizarding Music is shit. Why wouldn’t I prefer the Muggle kind?’

Hermione laughed, although it was also a little shaky. ‘I’d have to agree with you there.’ She decided to run with the change of subject, sensing that Malfoy needed her to. ‘So I know you like soul and Motown, what else do you like?’

Appearing glad for the redirection, Malfoy immediately launched into a detailed list of all his favourite Muggle singers and bands, asking Hermione question after question about her own, and all too quickly the fifty minutes they had for lunch had disappeared. He walked her back towards the main doors slowly, like he wasn’t ready for it to end either. ‘What about you?’ He asked as they approached the entrance steps. ‘Do you have any plans for tonight?’

Hermione had no idea why she didn’t tell him. It wasn’t as though she thought he’d care, that he’d have any sort of opinion on her dating life. Malfoy was her friend, and only just that. Only a day ago, she’d resigned herself to never seeing him again after he’d told her to stay out of his life. The fact that he was now walking around with her scar slashed along the skin of his forearm didn’t mean he’d give a single shit about who she was dating.

But still, Hermione didn’t tell him.

‘Oh, not a lot.’ She murmured, not meeting his eye. ‘I think I might catch up with Luna later, maybe go for a drink to celebrate today’s news.’

’You should celebrate. Can… is it okay if we come and meet you again tomorrow? I think the fresh air has been good for Aurora.’ Hermione looked down to where the baby dozed peacefully in her pram, one sock clutched tightly in her tiny fist.

‘I’d love that,’ she replied, and she meant it. ‘I’ll text you when I know what time I get my break. Good luck with football training, I’m sure it will be great to try something new.’

Malfoy rolled his eyes. ‘That remains to be seen, Granger. I have no real idea what football bloody even is, yet.’

She laughed. ‘You can fill me in tomorrow, then. Bye, Draco.’

Without thinking, as Hermione turned to leave, she did what she usually would with Harry, Dean and even Ron. She placed two hands on Malfoy’s shoulders, stretching up on her tiptoes to place a small, chaste kiss on his cheek. The action was unplanned and unconscious, the type of platonic kiss that Hermione didn’t even consider, she did it so often.

But as her lips brushed his cheekbone, Malfoy stiffened, inhaling sharply and jerking incrementally backwards, so that her mouth met thin air.

It was subtle, only the barest of movements, but there was no way Hermione had misinterpreted what had happened.

He had pulled away from her.

Malfoy stood frozen, his Adam's apple bobbing rapidly as he swallowed, his eyes on hers. He opened his mouth as if he was going to say something, then closed it again.

Hermione was hideously embarrassed, her lips tingling accusingly where they’d momentarily connected with the warmth of his skin.

She hadn’t even thought about it, would never have expected him to be so taken aback considering they’d hugged plenty of times before.

Mortified, she turned and practically ran up the steps to the hospital.

Malfoy was still at the base of the stairs when Hermione rounded the corner towards the ward. She couldn’t bring herself to turn around, but she could see him in her peripherals.

He was just standing there, tall, blonde and statue-still, one hand clutching the handle of Aurora’s pram, the other held to his face, fingertips pressed to the place her lips had touched.



* * *



The rest of Hermione’s shift passed slowly. For once, the ward was quiet, and she found herself becoming increasingly anxious and irritable, the urge to cancel her date and just get drunk instead growing with each passing hour. When it was finally time for her to leave, she passed over her only patient to Katie, explaining that the mother’s contractions had begun increasing in frequency and they were keeping an eye on her, monitoring the baby's heart rate before moving the family to the delivery suite.

She Apparated home, realising that she only had an hour before she needed to be ready. She’d been told to wear something nice, so Hermione showered quickly, pinning her hair into a curly updo, and pulling out a few wisps to frame her face and neck, twisting them into spirals around her index finger. She chose a long-sleeved black velvet dress, split to the thigh, adding some delicate gold jewellery to accessorise. As she was finishing off her make up she heard Harry come in, shouting her name.

‘Mi? You okay?’ He knocked and poked his head around her door. Hermione was sure he was checking to see if she was still going. ‘Wow. You look incredible,’ he said earnestly. ‘You always do, of course.’

Hermione smiled, slicking on another layer of mascara. ‘Thanks, love. How was work?’

‘Fucking mental. But I can’t stop, I’m meeting Seamus for a drink in an hour.’

‘Have you spoken to Theo today?’

Harry grinned. ‘I have. He’s doing something with Malfoy tonight, but we’re planning to meet up afterwards. I need to go and find something sexy to wear.’

Harry’s eyes shone with anticipation as he disappeared from the room, and Hermione sighed wistfully, wishing she felt as excited about her own prospects for the evening. She wasn’t even sure why she was so reluctant, other than the fact that since breaking up with Neville, she was always reluctant. However, as she’d said to Padma the week before, if she didn’t push herself, she was going to be alone forever.

Doubling down, Hermione bent to fasten the high-heeled Louboutins she’d chosen for the evening. They were one of her favourite pairs, six-inch black strappy stilettos with a pointed heel and a thin gold chain that fastened delicately at her ankle. The doorbell rang, and she frowned, casting a Tempus. She still had ten minutes before pick-up time.

‘Mione,’ Harry called from the hallway. ‘There’s a delivery for you. Come and see.’

Hermione quickly sprayed perfume on her neck and wrists and headed out into the hallway, gasping when she saw the huge bouquet of flowers Harry was wrangling in through the door.

‘Bloody hell,’ he groaned. ‘He’s going all out, isn’t he? Flash git. I expect he’ll be taking you somewhere posh for dinner too. He’s got that international Portkey, remember.’

Hermione let her eyes drift over the flowers as Harry laid them on the kitchen counter. They were absolutely beautiful. A stunning mix of white and pink roses, interspersed with pink lilies, sprigs of gypsophila and large pink hydrangeas. They had been hand-tied, the bow knotted with pale pink silk ribbon.

There was a card attached, and Hermione pulled it free, sliding the card from the envelope.



She was still smiling when the doorbell rang, distracted by rereading the card, so that she didn't hear it ring immediately.

‘Uh, Mi. Do you want me to get that?’ Harry asked, doing up the buttons of his own black shirt.

‘No, it’s okay,’ Hermione replied. ‘I’m ready.’ She peered into the hallway mirror, rearranging the neckline of her dress and rubbing a bit of smudged lipstick from under her bottom lip before taking a deep breath and opening the door.

Viktor Krum stood in her hallway, impossibly tall and dark-haired, long lashes framing deep brown eyes above plush, smiling lips. His suit was well cut, his jacket tailored to show every inch of seeker muscle to perfection.

‘Viktor, h-hi.’ Hermione stammered, her nerves flaring.

His eyes widened, travelling slowly down the length of her body and back up. ‘Herminny, you look beautiful.’ He intoned, his deep accented voice rumbling through his chest. ‘Absolutely stunning as always. Are you ready to go? I have the perfect evening planned for us.’

Hermione got a nose full of cologne as Viktor bent, planting a kiss on both of her cheeks, large hands spanning the entirety of her waist. ‘Of course,’ she made herself say. ‘I’m ready.’ She reached for her handbag and coat, slipping her phone into the pocket. Then, after casting one last look at the flowers on the countertop, Hermione took Viktor’s proffered elbow and allowed him to Apparate them away.



Chapter End Notes

Ahhhh Hermione!!! (Please know, our girl is only trying to protect her heart, she isn’t ready to accept what she’s feeling either!) Did we guess it would be Viktor? and how will Draco feel about it?

Next chapter, Hermione goes on her date, Draco experiences Muggle football, and EVERYONE is struggling with their growing feelings.

Thank you for reading!

Love Nicky





Chapter 15: Stand by me


Chapter Notes

🥹 I am so so happy with the support for Hermione in the comments last chapter! I wasn’t sure how you guys would feel about her date and I’m so pleased you mostly felt like I did - that’s she’s doing the right thing (even if her heart isn’t in it).

Hermione is a smart girl and, although there are clearly growing feelings on both sides, she sees what we already know - Draco isn’t ready to offer more than friendship at this point.

The main plot of this fic is watching how Draco’s incredibly loving support system gets him through this horrendous time in his life, even when he thinks he doesn’t deserve it. Hermione is now becoming a part of that support system.

Thank you for all sticking with this slow burn - it’s a difficult process to navigate and the characters I’m writing are flawed, imperfect people, but ALL of them have their hearts in the right place, and hopefully, when they get there, the pay off will be worth the wait!

I’m so grateful to each and everyone one of you for reading and commenting, it means the world!

Love Nicky x

Also sorry in advance for the butchered Bulgarian translations, I just wanted to add a tiny bit in there!

Thanks to my betas and also to @thedramioneeffect for extra advice this chapter!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Harry had been right, Viktor most definitely did take her somewhere ‘posh’.

Of course, Hermione had heard of L’Ambroserie, one of the most famous and expensive restaurants in Muggle Paris. Now, she knew that there was a wizarding equivalent, owned by a branch of the same family and accessed via a Portkey situated within the stone face just inside L’Ambroserie’s entrance.

Hermione knew this, because for their second date, that was where Viktor took her. As though it was nothing, he took her to Paris, where he had booked a dinner reservation at the most exclusive restaurant in Wizarding France.

Stepping through the hidden entrance into the overt opulence of the dining room, Hermione was immediately intimidated. She tried to ignore the hush that fell over the other diners as she and Viktor followed the maître d to their table, one of Viktor’s large hands guiding gently at the small of her back. Viktor didn't seem to notice the stares, or if he did (like Harry), he was simply used to being the center of attention. He was relaxed and smiling as he pulled out her chair before taking his own seat and sitting back, observing her with sparkling brown eyes.

Hermione fidgeted nervously, picking up her napkin and smoothing it over her thighs, just for something to do.

‘This is okay?’ He asked. ‘You like it?’

Hermione almost snorted with incredulity.‘How could I not?’ She breathed, looking around at the decadent decor. ‘It’s beautiful, Viktor.’

Throughout the restaurant, rich tapestries adorned the walls along with gilt-framed artwork, ornate mirrors and decorative sconces. Above their heads, chandeliers glittered and every table was weighed down with elaborate floral centrepieces. Hermione had been to expensive restaurants before, but she’d never experienced anything quite so overtly extravagant as this one.

‘Hopefully you will enjoy the food too.’ Viktor murmured. ‘This is one of my favourite places to eat in Paris.’

‘I’m sure I will.’ Hermione reassured him, although a quick glance at the menu confirmed she had no idea what half of the items were.

When the sommelier arrived, Viktor was polite and gentlemanly, involving Hermione in the discussion as they were presented with various menu choices and suggested pairings. Hermione smiled and nodded vaguely, hoping she didn’t look as out of her depth as she felt when she was tasked with approving the champagne Viktor had chosen.

‘This is the 2002 vintage Louis Roederer Cristal,’ the sommelier informed her in heavily accented French, pouring a tiny amount into a flute.

Hermione took a small, hesitant sip, her cheeks flaming as the two men watched her expectantly.

‘Umm, yes. Very good. That’s lovely, thank you.’

Viktor grinned, but the sommelier barely restrained his eye roll, thin lips pursed as he filled their glasses and left the table with a deferential nod in Viktor's direction.

Once the bubbles had settled, Viktor raised his glass.

‘To you, Heminny,’ he said. ‘And to a second chance with my dream girl, even if I had to wait fifteen years for the pleasure.’

Hermione swallowed thickly as she lifted her own glass by the stem, clinking it delicately against Viktors.

‘Nahs drav vee.’ He held her eye as they both took a sip. ‘Cheers.’

Hermione took a second generous swallow and placed her champagne back down, suddenly aware that several people had stopped eating to watch them, whispering behind their hands.

Most of the muttering was in French, but some of it was in English, and Hermione caught snatches of conversation from the table behind her.

‘That’s Viktor Krum,’ she heard someone say.

‘And isn’t that Hermione Granger, with him? Harry Potter’s friend.’

‘No, that’s not her. She was much uglier than that. She had that horrible frizzy hair, remember?’

Hermione took another large sip of her drink, wishing the ground would swallow her up.

Viktor seemed not to have heard. He suddenly leaned across the table, reaching for her hand.

‘Tell me, Herminny, what finally convinced you to come on a second date?’ He asked, his eyes never leaving hers. ‘I’ve been asking you out every year since the war ended, and this is the first time you’ve ever said yes to one date, let alone two.’

Hermione hesitated. ‘Oh - well, Viktor, you know I’ve been busy, focusing on my career, working on myself after coming out of a long-term relationship. I haven’t necessarily been ready to date -‘

‘Of course, of course. I understand.’ He leaned closer, brown eyes imploring. ‘I know you’ve been put off by my job too, I understand it can be hard to be with someone who is always travelling. But I’ll be retiring soon. I’m thirty-four - too old for international Quidditch. This World Cup will be my last.’

‘Oh,’ Hermione said, surprised.

‘After I retire, I won’t need to travel so much. I can choose a league club anywhere in the world, and London is one of my favourite cities.’

‘Monsieur, Mademoiselle? Have we decided on what we’d like to eat?’ Hermione looked up at the waiter who had appeared at the table, unbelievably grateful for the interruption.

Vaguely, she heard her phone buzz in her clutch, where it rested on the table and realised with a jolt that she hadn’t yet thanked Malfoy for the flowers. A sharp ache tightened her ribs as a pair of wide grey eyes flashed into her subconscious, followed by the hot flare of embarrassment as she was reminded of the way he’d pulled away from her at the hospital.

Were the flowers Malfoy’s way of acknowledging that moment? An apology of sorts? Or, was it simply something well-mannered men with a lot of money did for their friends when they had something to celebrate?

‘Herminny?’ Viktor’s voice cut through her thoughts and Hermione blinked, the bustle of the restaurant coming back into focus.

The waiter hovered, his expression questioning.

‘Sorry,’ She murmured, sliding her eyes to the menu and reading quickly, trying to decipher the French descriptions.

‘Would it be good if I ordered for us?’ Viktor asked, clearly noting her hesitation. ‘I know all the best things on the menu here.’

‘Yes, of course. Thank you, Viktor.’ Hermione pushed her chair back a little. ‘Actually, do you mind if I just pop to the ladies for a moment? I won’t be long.’

‘No problem. I’ll order whilst you’re gone.’ Viktor turned back to the waiter as Hermione picked up her handbag and rose from the table. She left him pointing to the menu and speaking in broken French.

Hermione got lost on her way to the bathroom, needing to be redirected by two separate members of staff. Again, she felt the prickling heat of numerous pairs of eyes watching her as she wound her way past the other tables. Her discomfort was almost painful as she registered the familiar sensation of being judged and found severely lacking.

When she finally pushed her way into the quiet of the bathroom, Hermione let out a sigh of relief, slamming the door of the cubicle and locking it firmly behind her. She dropped down onto the closed toilet lid, reaching into her bag to pull out her phone. The message she’d received was from Ginny.

Hermione Granger, you devious little minx. Didn’t fancy telling your friends that you were out with Krum tonight, did you? Well, tough tits because Harry told us.

Some advice from me - if ever there was a time to discover your SLUTTY side, this is IT. Show a bit of leg, whisper sweet nothings in his ear. Do anything you can to seal the deal, because half the women in Wizarding Britain would kill to be you right now, and plenty of men, too.

PS: Don’t talk to him about books or work. Be SEXY.

Hermione pressed her lips together primly. That was one piece of advice she did not need and certainly would not be taking. As she held her phone in her hand, another message buzzed through. This one from Padma.

OMGGGGGG Hermione!!!! VIKTOR KRUM?!?! You lucky, lucky girl. I can’t wait to hear all about it! Have fun! Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do xxx

Hermione closed her eyes, dropping her phone to her lap and blowing out a long breath. When she was a little less overwhelmed, she opened a new message and began to type.

Draco. Thank you so much for the beautiful flowers. They made me smile. I’m so sorry about earlier on, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfo

No. It was too embarrassing. She couldn’t do it.

She deleted half the message and tried again.

Draco, thank you so much for the beautiful flowers. You shouldn’t have. I hope you enjoyed football! My lunchbreak is at 12.30 tomorrow. I’ll meet you at the same spot.

Hermione looked at the screen for a long time, before finally adding

X

She spent a moment before she went back out, using her wand to cast a smoothing charm on her hair and refreshing her lipstick. With one final bracing breath, she left the sanctuary of the bathroom and braved her way back through the restaurant to the table.

Viktor watched her approach, sitting back with his champagne in his hand, a small, almost proprietary smile on his face.

‘Everyone is staring at you, you know, Herminny.’ He murmured as she sat down. ‘They can’t take their eyes off you.’

‘Of course they’re staring,’ she replied, flustered. ‘They’re wondering what the hell I’m doing here with you.’

Viktor’s thick black eyebrows drew together as he pulled back in surprise, placing his champagne back down on the table.

‘Is that truly what you believe, Lyubima?’ He asked, looking genuinely concerned. ‘No. No. That is not the reason why. They are looking at you because you are beautiful. I am the one who is lucky to be here with you, not the other way around. How can you not see this?’

Hermione smiled, her heart softening at Viktor’s earnest expression. He really was very sweet.

‘Thank you,’ she murmured. ‘That’s kind of you, Viktor.’

What felt like only minutes later, their food began arriving at the table. After only a few bites, Hermione discovered that Viktor had been right. Everything he’d ordered was delicious. They ate langoustines and caviar to start, followed by tiny portions of lobster, sea bass and beautifully roasted sautéed vegetables. Hermione speared a small piece of courgette, and as she brought it to her lips, it was impossible not to think of Draco and Theo’s disastrous attempt at cooking the night before.

‘You’re smiling,’ Viktor said softly. ‘Does that mean you like the food?’

‘Oh…yes,’ Hermione replied. ‘Everything is delicious, truly.’

He beamed at that, digging into his own food heartily, his knee bumping hers under the table.

The rest of the evening passed quickly and pleasantly. As she’d found on the previous date, Viktor was good company - funny, warm and talkative. Hermione had to do barely any of the work as Viktor regaled her with stories of the various countries he’d visited and the people he’d met.

Periodically, she slid a hand into her bag to check her phone, but there was no reply from Malfoy. The only message she received for the remainder of the night was another from Ginny.

I hope the fact you didn’t reply means you’re finally getting a good dicking down. You deserve it. Call you in the morning and I want ALL the filthy details x

Hermione shoved her phone back into her bag with heated cheeks.



* * *



‘Is everything okay?’ Viktor asked half an hour later as they shared dessert, a decadent praline soufflé that had Hermione’s eyes practically rolling back in her head.

‘You seem to be a little distracted.’ He motioned to her phone, which was now out on the table.

‘Oh. I’m sorry.’ Hermione felt her face flame again. ‘I didn’t mean to be rude. It’s just… sometimes I get calls from work, and I don't want to miss anything urgent.’

It was only half a lie. She did occasionally get phone calls when she wasn’t on the ward, one of her colleagues checking something or asking for advice on a difficult delivery.

Viktor nodded gravely, swallowing down a mouthful of soufflé. ‘You work very hard, Herminny.’ He said, waving his spoon in the air. ‘But sometimes life needs to just be about you, no?’

‘Of course.’ She replied, more sharply than she’d intended. ‘But if the hospital needed me, I would never ignore a call for help.’

Viktor blinked, and Hermione saw her tone had hurt him a little. ‘I know this,’ he replied softly. ‘It is one of the reasons I find myself so drawn to you. You aren’t just knowledgeable, and you aren’t just beautiful. You are so caring, so kind.’

He’d moved closer while he was speaking, and now his face was inches from hers. Viktor took her hand from the table, and Hermione watched as he pressed his lips gently to the back of it.

‘If you were mine, I would treat you like a princess,’ he murmured, his lips brushing against her skin, warm and soft. ‘You would never want for anything. Just imagine what life could be like.’ He looked up at her, and Hermione saw something in his eyes, a longing she hadn’t been expecting. ‘There has been something between us since that first Yule Ball, and through all these years, I’ve held on to it. Now we’re in our thirties, the time for folly has passed. I want a family, I want to settle down. Is that something you want? Could you ever see yourself as a wife, maybe even… a mother?’

Hermione felt like she couldn’t breathe. She looked into Viktor’s eyes as she tried to imagine the life he was describing, tried to imagine herself as his wife, a little dark-haired baby in her arms.

The image was there - just within reach - but for some reason, even though he was describing everything she’d ever wanted, the details were blurry, Hermione couldn’t make the picture form fully in her mind.

‘Viktor, I-‘ she stuttered, sweat prickling along her neck, her dress sticking to her back.

‘No, it’s okay.’ He pulled back but kept hold of her hand. ‘I don’t want to rush you. That’s not what this is. It’s only our second date. I just wanted you to know where I stand in terms of availability, what I see in my future. As soon as this World Cup is over, I’m ready to give this a real try, if that’s something you would want.’

‘O-okay,’ she smiled, relieved that the pressure of giving him any sort of immediate answer was over. ‘That’s…that’s good to know. Thank you, Viktor.’

He guffawed loudly, sitting back and slapping his knee. ‘Well,’ he murmured. ‘At least that wasn’t a total rejection, although I can’t say I didn’t hope for a little more. Maybe you can think about what I’ve said over the next few months? We can pick things back up properly in August.’

Hermione nodded, finally feeling her muscles unbunch as she remembered that Viktor would be away training with the Bulgarian team until August 10th, when the actual World Cup began.

‘Of course,’ she replied. ‘I’ll definitely think about it.’



* * *



Half an hour later, Hermione waited while Viktor paid the bill, having point-blank refused to allow her to contribute. He reached for her hand as they left the restaurant, and Hermione didn’t have the heart not to allow him to wind his fingers through hers as they stepped outside into the cool night air.

‘I’m so sorry,’ she said, turning to him. ‘I do need to get home. I have work tomorrow.’ Viktor looked disappointed, and Hermione felt a stab of guilt, knowing he’d hoped to Apparate them to see the Eiffel Tower lit up at night. However, she was exhausted, having barely slept the night before worrying about her meeting.

Viktor was, unsurprisingly, a gentleman as always. ‘Of course,’ he smiled through his obvious disappointment. ‘No problem. Thank you for coming tonight. It was wonderful.’

‘No,’ Hermione smiled. ‘Thank you. I had a wonderful time.’ It wasn’t a lie.

Viktor offered her his arm as he touched the Portkey, and a few moments later, they arrived back at her flat. He left with nothing more than a gentle hug and a peck on her cheek, Portkeying away with promises of a phone call later that week.

Hermione looked at the empty space where he’d been and heaved a sigh of relief, a sense of achievement flooding through her as she closed the door. She’d done it. She’d been on a second date, and it had been fun. She hadn’t had to do anything she didn’t want to, nor specifically commit to a third.

She tottered inside on her heels, her feet beginning to ache despite the cushioning charms she’d cast in the soles.

The scent of Malfoy’s flowers permeated the small flat, and Hermione looked up at them, now arranged in a vase on the worktop. They really were beautiful.

With a sigh, she headed to the sofa, planning to collapse onto it and take off her shoes.

‘Oh!’ Hermione let out a small squeak of surprise when she found Harry already lying on the three-seater, his long body stretched out from one end to the other. One of his arms dangled over the carpet, his phone clutched loosely in lax fingers, the other hand splayed out over his chest. He was breathing deeply and evenly, thankfully not yet snoring. There were several empty lager bottles on the coffee table, the last one half finished.

Hermione cast a quick Tempus and frowned. It was only half past eleven, and Harry didn’t have work the next day. On his nights off, anything before two am was practically the morning for him. What had happened to Theo?

‘Harry?’ She whispered, nudging him slightly with her knee. He twitched and tried to roll over with a beer-scented grunt, his eyes remaining closed.

She nudged him harder. ‘Harry!’

‘Uhhhh.’ He finally opened his eyes, green irises hazy and unfocused.

‘Mione.’ He murmured, reaching for his glasses and lying back down. ‘You’re back from your date. How was it?’ He stretched lazily, glancing at his watch. ‘It’s only early, how come you’re back?’

‘I have work tomorrow, remember?’ Hermione said, perching on the arm of the sofa. ‘Why are you? I thought you were meeting Theo tonight?’

Harry sat up slowly, his bottom lip pushing out and his eyebrows drawing together in the closest approximation of a pout a six-foot-tall, twenty-nine-year-old man could affect. ‘I was supposed to. But he went to football training with Malfoy and Blaise. Apparently, Malfoy was pissed off all night, lamped some guy in the face over a tackle and started a fight. They had to sort that out and wait for Pansy to heal them. After that, Theo wanted to stay with Malfoy, and they all ended up having dinner at the Penthouse.’

Harry looked distraught about the fact his plans for the evening had been ruined, but Hermione couldn’t concentrate on anything other than the first thing he’d just said.

‘Wait, Malfoy got into a fight? With who? Was it serious?’ Her heart immediately began pounding, thoughts of Auror visits and the CPS immediately flying into her head.

‘No, no. It’s sport - fights are normal, no one cares.’ Harry flapped a nonchalant hand. ‘Anyway, apparently Malfoy was booking it down the pitch with the ball and someone fouled him. He didn’t like that, so he started mouthing off and went for the guy, next thing, everyone was involved. Theo said it was a whole club scrap.’

‘Oh God.’ Hermione breathed. ‘Is everyone okay?’

Harry pulled a face. ‘Of course. All healed now and laughing about it. They’re going back next week. Theo sent me a picture though, if you want to see?’

Hermione turned to him. ‘A picture of what?’

Harry grinned, a wicked look gleaming in his eyes. ‘You’re going to want to take a look at this, I think.’ He said. ‘And really, Mi. I think it’s time you got rid of that old brick and got an iPhone. You are the only person I know without the ability to receive picture messages.’

‘Not this again, Harry.’ Hermione groaned. They’d had the exact same conversation plenty of times before. She’d never felt the need to receive picture messages, but she was aware that her phone was more than a little out of date.

Harry patted the couch next to him, unlocking his iPhone and turning it to her. Hermione leaned in as he swiped, shrieking in surprise when an image flashed up on the screen.

She squeezed her eyes shut, but she was nowhere near quick enough to miss the picture Harry must have already had open. It was of Theo, his eyes heavy-lidded, bottom lip pinned between his teeth. He was leaning back on what she assumed was a bed, a fist wrapped tightly around his very hard - ‘Oh my GOD, HARRY!’ She cried, covering her face with her hands. ‘I don’t think that was meant for me.’

‘Shit.’ Harry muttered, quickly swiping off the picture and snorting with laughter. ‘Maybe don’t tell Theo you saw that one, yeah?’

‘Merlin,’ She murmured, pressing a hand to her chest. ‘I’ll never be able to look at him the same. You might have to Obliviate me.’

‘Well,’ Harry shrugged. ‘We had plans for tonight that got thwarted. We needed to keep the momentum going.’

‘A-and you sent a picture like that back?’ She whispered, incredulous. ‘What if that got out, Harry? What if someone saw?’

Harry only laughed. ‘It won’t, and besides, it was a lovely photo I sent him. I’m sure no one would complain.’

Hermione said nothing, unable to do anything except gawk at Harry, still in shock from the unsolicited and unwelcome mental image of Theo in such a compromising position.

‘Aaanyway,’ Harry continued, only looking mildly put off his stride. ‘Hold onto your knickers because that’s obviously not the picture I wanted to show you. It was this one.’ He thrust the phone back under Hermione’s nose, and she peered down warily, more than a little concerned about what she might see.

However, as she focused on the image, Hermione was stunned into momentary shock, her mouth falling open as a horrible, unexpected flush of heat seared through her lower belly, closely followed by a wave of burning shame.

‘Oh my Christ.’ She murmured, the words little more than an exhale.

‘Did you know?’ Harry’s voice was almost accusing. ‘Did you know he looked like that under those posh boy shirts?’

Hermione stared down at the phone, her eyes sliding over the screen so she could take in every single detail of the photograph. She had a terrible feeling it was another picture she’d never be able to unsee.

The photo was of Malfoy, presumably taken in Theo’s kitchen earlier that night.

He was shirtless, leaning up against the marble countertop, his mouth curved up into a bloody smirk, silvery grey eyes narrowed as he held his middle finger up to Theo’s camera. His other hand was up by his face, captured in the act of batting away the tissue Pansy wielded as she attempted to clean him up.

There was bruising around his eyes, blood dripping from his chin onto his bare chest. Hermione followed the path of a single crimson droplet, her gaze sliding down the sharp planes of his abdominals and then lower, to where the delicate tattooed vines dipped out of sight, disappearing into a pair of - oh God - black football shorts. His long socks were pushed below his calves, there was mud on his knees and on his shins.

The quality of the picture was such that you couldn’t really make out the pale scars of the Sectumsempra, the forearm that bore her scar, hidden by Pansy’s elbow.

However, the parts of Malfoy you could see were enough to leave Hermione unwell, her blood rushing in her ears.

‘So did you know?’ Harry asked. ‘Because I don’t know how to feel about the knowledge that Malfoy now looks like that.’

Hermione turned to see Harry studying the picture closely too, his eyes roving over Malfoy’s tattooed shoulder, zoning in on the twin hollows either side of the dipped V between his hips.

‘Yes. I mean, no.’ She stuttered. ‘I have seen him shirtless, briefly, when I arrived yesterday morning. But I wasn’t focusing on his body, not with everything else that’s been going on.’ She trailed away, swallowing heavily. She knew she needed to stop looking at the picture, but it was…challenging.

‘Told you you needed a camera phone.’ Harry said smugly.

‘Harry!’ She huffed, pushing at his arm weakly. ‘Stop insinuating things. Malfoy is just my friend. I’ve told you that.’

Harry laughed, holding up his hands.

‘I know, I know. I’m kidding, obviously. But I definitely won’t be looking at him the same way after this, I don’t see how anyone could.’

He finally swiped off the picture, locking the phone and putting it down on the table. Hermione blinked, trying to clear her addled brain. There was still a residual outline of the image trapped behind her eyelids, refusing to go away.

‘So how was it with Viktor?’ Harry asked after a moment, pulling her feet into his lap to undo her shoes. ‘Did the second date go as well as the first?’

‘It was fine,’ Hermione replied, turning her ankle so he could get at the clasp. ‘Lovely,’ she clarified when Harry frowned at her. ‘Obviously, he’s busy now with the World Cup approaching, but we’re going to meet up again once it’s done.’

‘That’s a while away, though.’ Harry said, gently lifting off her second shoe and placing it on the floor with the first. ‘Don’t you mind?’

‘It can’t be helped, Harry.’ She muttered, deliberately not giving him a straight answer. ‘Viktor has a job that takes him away from home.’

‘You had fun though?’

Hermione felt her heart squeeze at the hopeful look in his eyes. ‘Yes.’ She sat up, taking her feet out of his lap and kissing his cheek. ‘I really did, love. Now I’ve got to get to bed. I’ve got work in the morning.’

‘I’m going to head off, too,’ Harry said, yawning. ‘Theo and I have hopefully got an actual date tomorrow night, and I think I’d better get my rest in now. Night, love.’

‘Night, Harry.’

Hermione checked her phone once more as she got into bed, but there was still nothing. The glowing green screen remained stubbornly blank.

With a sigh, she Noxed the lights and cast a silencing charm. Then, she turned over, buried her face in her pillow and screamed.



* * *



Hermione wasn’t sure if Malfoy was going to come and meet her the next day. She heard nothing from him overnight, and nothing came through on her phone over the course of the morning other than a phone call from Ginny, who spent almost half an hour berating her for missing her chance to take the ‘Bulgarian Bonbon’ to bed.

‘For goodness sake, Hermione.’ Ginny moaned. ‘Your bloody virginity will have grown back soon the way you’re going.’

When she arrived at St Mungo’s for her shift, the ward was busy, her colleagues all frantically rushing around trying to manage the chaos whilst still being one person down. Hermione spent several hours with a patient who had been in prolonged labour overnight and was now exhausted and in pain, too tired to keep pushing even though her baby was finally ready to make his entrance into the world.

She moved the mother to the delivery suite, calling on Mike and Danielle to help with a magically assisted birth. Once again, she was exceedingly grateful for pain relief potions and calming draughts, both for the labouring mother and the decidedly queasy-looking father who sat off to one side, clutching his wife’s hand in an iron grip. Hermione took charge, using the magical equivalent of forceps to gently turn the baby and support the mother to use her contractions to ease his way out.

The baby boy, described by Mike afterwards as a ‘Little bruiser,’ was eventually born weighing 9lb 10oz. He was very sleepy after a delayed birth, so Hermione stayed with the family, using her monitoring spells to keep an eye on him whilst Danielle looked after mum and Mike brought the tea and toast.

At half past twelve, she left the ward and made her way out towards the main doors, not expecting Malfoy and Aurora to be there but unable to stop herself from checking regardless.

As always, the hospital entrance was busy, a steady stream of medical personnel, patients and visitors making their way up and down the steps. Hermione craned her neck, scanning for that inimitable shock of blonde hair rising above the crowd. She peered around the corner, checking the benches along the wall and down the entryway path.

He hadn’t come.

Fighting against an unexpected wave of disappointment, Hermione turned to walk back into the hospital, hurt quickly turning into frustration.

Why didn’t Malfoy just tell her if he wasn’t going to turn up? And why send flowers if he was just going to ignore her and refuse to return her texts? She’d been going to kiss his cheek, that was all. It wasn’t like she’d tried to bloody mount him.

‘Granger?’

Hermione stopped walking, something dropping heavily into her stomach as she turned to find Malfoy standing at the top of the steps, Aurora strapped to his chest, slight purple shadows still under both eyes.

He was wearing a hoodie again, blonde flicks of hair curling out underneath the baseball cap pulled low over his face.

He wasn’t smiling, a tightness around his eyes and mouth that was a stark contrast to the openness from the day before.

‘Sorry we’re late,’ he muttered. ‘We had to do a last-minute outfit change.’

‘Oh,’ Hermione breathed. ‘It’s okay. I -I wasn’t sure you were going to come. You didn’t text me.’

He frowned down at the ground, his lips pressed tightly together. ‘I know. I’m sorry.’

From her place on his chest, Aurora let out a small sound in her sleep, shifting slightly in her carrier. Malfoy murmured something softly into her ear, tucking her arm gently back into the carrier and planting a kiss on the top of her head.

Hermione dithered, caught off guard by the awkwardness. Why wasn’t he saying anything?

‘Draco?’

He finally looked up, and Hermione couldn’t decipher what she saw when his eyes met hers. The grey was dark, his expression guarded, almost like it hurt him to look at her.

‘Shall we walk?’ She asked. ‘I’m really glad you came.’

His tensed shoulders relaxed, just a little. ‘Yes…let’s go.’

They were quiet as they made their way down the steps and towards the green. After a few paces, Hermione felt the cool glide of his Protego slide over her, Malfoy’s magic shimmering protectively around them as they walked.

‘I brought you lunch,’ he said, holding up a deli bag she hadn’t even noticed in his hand. ‘Potter said you like cheese salad.’

‘I do,’ Hermione smiled. ‘Thank you.’

When they got to the bench, Malfoy took Aurora out of the carrier, holding her in his arms while Hermione ate her sandwich. He turned his baseball cap around so he could dot soft little kisses over Aurora’s face, his palm cupping her silky cap of hair. He didn’t say anything to Hermione, the silence stretching out for so long that eventually, she couldn’t stand it any longer.

‘Draco, if this is about yesterday, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you so uncomfortable, but really-‘

He sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face and tipping his head to exhale at the sky. ‘You didn’t make me uncomfortable, Granger.’

‘I don't understand, then,’ she continued, frustrated with the lack of communication. ‘You told me I was better off out of your life, but now you’re walking around with my scar on your arm. You invite me to dinner, buy me flowers, hug me all the time, and then when I go to give you a friendly kiss on the cheek, you pull away like you can’t bear for me to touch you. I’m just so confused-‘

‘I’M confused, Granger!’ He burst out, so abruptly that several people walking nearby turned to look at them.

He lowered his voice. ‘I’m constantly confused, and I’m sorry - for everything. I know I’m getting things wrong, and I’m upsetting you all the time. It’s not intentional, but I…I’ve never done this before. My friends have always been there, like family. You’re the first person I want… I mean, you’re the first person I’ve cared about outside our group for so long. I know I’m shit, but I’m trying. I’m trying to get better so I can - so I can keep you in my life, be your friend.’ He said the word almost contemptuously. ‘I just…’ he looked up at her, and Hermione almost felt sick with the wave of emotion that followed when their eyes met. ‘I’m just…I’m… doing my best. I’m sorry.’

Now it was Hermione’s turn to draw out the silence as her mind worked over how she could possibly respond. Malfoy looked down at Aurora, chewing roughly on the inside of his cheek.

‘I am your friend, Draco.’ She said slowly. ‘And we’re both allowed to get things wrong. Friends don’t turn their backs on each other after every little mistake, okay?’

He took in a deep shaking breath.

‘I’ve told you this before and I mean it - I care about you. I want you and Aurora in my life. But if that’s what you want, I’m going to need you to do something for me, alright?’

Malfoy turned shining grey eyes to hers. ‘Name it.’

‘I need you to stop hurting yourself, Draco. I need you to talk to someone, properly, about your grief. I don’t know much about your relationship with Astoria, but I do know that you loved each other, and now you have a baby that is a continuation of that love.’

He turned away, his throat working.

‘You are getting better, and you will keep getting better over time. But only if you stop punishing yourself.’

Malfoy was already shaking his head. ‘I just feel so guilty.’ He whispered. ‘Guilty all the fucking time that I’m here and Astoria’s not. I feel like I shouldn’t be happy because she never got to be, not really.’

Hermione fought not to cry.

‘Do you really think she’d want you to be miserable? Is that what you’d want if it were the other way around?’

He shook his head vehemently. ‘No, of course not.’

‘Well then,’ Hermione said. ‘Astoria isn’t here, but Aurora is. You give that baby your heart and soul, but you need to start dealing with these things for her, okay? So she gets to grow up with a father that’s healthy and happy.’

She watched as unshed tears pooled on his lashes. He blinked, swiping at his eyes furiously, holding Aurora more tightly to his chest.

‘You deserve peace, Draco,’ Hermione continued. ‘But it has to be a choice. Don’t deny yourself a happy future because of a past that was out of your control.’

He didn’t respond for a long time. Hermione watched him struggle, watched him battle to push down whatever was fighting to rise in his throat. Eventually, he turned to her. ‘Is that what you’ve done?’ He asked. ‘Decided to finally go for what really makes you happy?’

Hermione paused, caught off guard at the change in direction, but before she had the chance to respond, Malfoy’s phone began to ring.

He manoeuvred Aurora into one arm, pulling his phone out of his pocket and swearing when he saw the screen.

‘I’m sorry. I have to take this.’ He said, standing up and taking a few steps away from her to answer.

‘Yes?’ His tone was sharp. ‘This is Draco Malfoy,’ The person on the other end spoke rapidly for several seconds, and Hermione watched as his face suddenly paled.

‘Okay. Has anyone tried-‘

The person on the other end interrupted him, speaking for even longer this time. His eyes fell closed, and he nodded, even though the other person clearly couldn’t see him.

‘Right,’ he said. ‘Okay. No worries. I’ll be there as soon as I can.’

He hung up the phone and pushed it into his pocket.

‘I’m sorry. I need to go.’

‘Now?’

He nodded. ‘Unfortunately.’

She rose to help him with Aurora, enabling him to gently wrangle her back into the chest carrier without waking her up.

‘Is everything alright?’ She asked quietly.

Malfoy’s expression was grim. ‘It will be fine, I’m sure. I’m going to have to walk you back now, though.’

‘It’s okay,’ Hermione said. ‘You go. I’ll Apparate from here. But later, I want you to text me and we’re going to meet up so that I can take a look at your arm, okay?’

He took a deep breath, his jaw clenching tightly. ‘Yes, Granger.’

‘That’s, ‘Yes, Healer Granger’ to you.’ She teased, arching an eyebrow.

He gave her a wry smile for the first time that day, and Hermione was glad to finally see a glimmer of light in his eyes.

As Malfoy began to step away, he paused, appearing to debate for a moment. Then, slowly, tentatively, he bent down so that his face was just millimetres from hers. Hermione froze when his hair tickled her jaw, his breath skating over the shell of her ear. The scent of his washing powder was all around her, the spiced notes of his aftershave.

Malfoy exhaled slowly, and then with almost unbearable gentleness, he pressed a small, featherlight kiss to her cheek.

‘Thank you,’ he said, his voice low in her ear. ‘You are the bossiest witch I’ve ever met, but I actually think you just said something I really fucking needed to hear.’

‘Th-that’s okay. That’s what friends are for.’ Hermione stuttered, her whole body suffused with tiny bolts of lightning.

He stepped back and smiled ruefully, turning to begin walking back towards the entrance of the green before stopping once more, cool grey eyes fixed on hers.

‘I need to say one last thing, before I go.’

‘What’s that, Draco?’

He sighed, his expression almost regretful, standing with his hands in his pockets, Aurora dozing on his chest.

‘I just really hope Viktor fucking Krum knows what a lucky man he is.’



Chapter End Notes

🥹🥹🥹 Dracoooooo!! He tried, but he just couldn’t keep that last comment to himself!

So now Hermione knows he knows… and I’m sure we can guess exactly who she’s calling first!

Next chapter we have our first healing session (physically and emotionally), Theo and Harry have a first date and the friendship groups finally come together.

Thank you for reading! 🤍





Chapter 16: If the sky


Chapter Notes

🤍🤍 I’m so sorry for the delay on this chapter! Life has gotten in the way these past few weeks and coupled with that, I’ve had a horrendous bout of imposter syndrome. I have such big plans for this fic and so many plot points I want to include that sometimes I get overwhelmed with how to deliver them and then I just end up stuck! (Not that anyone asked, I’m just rambling in the notes).

I’ve loved reading your comments on the last chapter and I’ll finish responding to them asap!! They give me so much joy! I’m so glad we all enjoyed sexy football and jealous Draco 🤣

Saying that, this chapter is definitely a little less lighthearted and poor Draco is going through it, however, grief isn’t easy and Draco has a lot of things to work through so that he’s ready to be the man we know Hermione needs. Every week he is making small steps towards healing, he’s letting Hermione into his life, even though it’s hard for him. There are a few reveals this chapter which maybe explain some of my plot decisions now and in the future.

Extra thanks to my betas (Smudgesonapage and Didsomeonesay_Dracomalfoy) for their support this chapter as well as Black_phoenix22 who has had to listen to me freak out for two weeks!

Thank you, as always for your support!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione Apparated away from the green and directly into her office, silencing and locking the room with a flick of her wand.

She pressed her back against the door and squeezed her eyes shut, waiting for her heart rate to slow down and reason to find her again. Her skin tingled all over, her body still reacting to the brush of Malfoy’s lips and the shock of his parting words.

After five or six calming, measured breaths, she reached into her pocket for her phone, tapping out Harry’s number with embarrassingly clumsy fingers.

‘Mione?’ He answered the call almost immediately, sounding slightly winded. ‘Is everything okay?’

Hermione couldn’t bring herself to formulate a greeting, her need for answers driving her to get straight to the point. ‘Harry,’ she breathed. ‘Who, exactly, did you tell about my date last night?’

Harry paused. ‘I…uh... just a few people.’ He was wary, already contrite. ‘Why?’

‘Who?’

There was another long pause, then eventually Harry’s voice, quiet and uncertain.

‘Well, Ron, obviously. He’s...uh, he's here with me now. We’ve just come back from flying.’

‘Hiya, Mione.’ Ron’s muffled voice came over the line. 'I was wondering, do you think Krum might be able to get us World Cup tickets? We'd only need seven, maybe eight. He wouldn't mind, would he?’

There was the sound of a scuffle. ‘Not now, you knob.’ Harry hissed, clearly unaware she could hear him.

Hermione ignored Ron, too focused on what she needed to know. ‘Harry?’ She asked again. ‘Who did you tell?’

‘Umm, I told Ginny and Dean, so technically I guess that also means Seamus, and Ron obviously told Padma.’

‘Anyone else?’

Another pause. Hermione waited, holding her breath.

‘Theo.' He said eventually. ‘I told Theo, when I called him after work.'

Even though Hermione had already known, the confirmation sent a fresh rush of heat through her entire body, her mind immediately jumping to conclusions that she had to quickly push away.

Distantly, she could hear Ron’s muffled voice on the other end of the line. ‘Theo?’ He asked. ‘Theo who, Harry? Do you mean..?’ The phone rustled loudly, Harry’s hand covering the speaker as he mumbled something to Ron before coming back on the line.

‘Hermione?’ He murmured. ‘Was I not supposed to tell Theo? I'm really sorry. I didn't think you’d mind.’

‘I don’t- I don’t mind, Harry.’ She insisted weakly. ‘I just don’t think the whole world needs to know I went on a date, that’s all.’

‘Shit.’ There was another maddening pause from Harry’s end of the line. ‘I’m guessing you haven’t seen it, then?'

Hermione's stomach dropped. ‘Seen what?’

Harry didn’t reply.

‘Seen what, Harry?’



* * *



Five minutes later, Hermione stood frozen, staring down at the copy of the Prophet she'd snatched off a chair in the hospital waiting room. Her hands shook, a swell of horrified embarrassment growing in her chest as she took in the image on the front page.

It was a photograph of her, sitting opposite Viktor in L’Ambroserie, their knees touching, her hand grasped tightly in his.

In the image, Viktor’s head was bowed as he pressed a kiss to her knuckles, dark eyes gazing up at her. Her dress was dipped low where she leaned forward, a spiral of hair trailing down her neck to her flushed collarbone. She was smiling, her eyes fixed on Viktor’s face. Hermione knew that in the moment, the blush that brightened her cheeks was due to surprise at the unexpectedly forward plans he had proposed for their future - but it certainly didn’t look that way.

In the photo, she looked like she was revelling in Viktor’s affections, her smile appearing almost seductive.

Realistically, Hermione knew that Draco Malfoy should not be all she could think about when looking at the photograph. Her picture was once again on the front page of the Prophet, the screaming headline making wildly inaccurate assumptions about her private life.

The damned intrusiveness of it all should be her biggest concern.

And yet…

Malfoy.

He had known she was on a date before he started the fight at football training, and he’d likely seen the newspaper prior to meeting her at the hospital - there were countless newsstands between Hebridean Heights and St Mungo’s - it was almost impossible for him to have missed it.

For a brief moment, Hermione let her thoughts slip back to how she’d left him, standing with his hands in his pockets, silvery eyes intent on her face. Giving in, she let herself really look at him - the hard clench of his jaw, the way his top teeth pushed into the plush pillow of his lower lip when he enunciated the ‘f’, a flash of sharp white against soft pink.

‘I just really hope Viktor Fucking Krum knows what a lucky man he is.’

Hermione’s head dropped back against the door, her eyes sliding closed as something dangerous hummed in her veins, snaking its way through her system to curl low in her belly, potent and hot. It settled there, simmering, waiting for her to acknowledge it.

But she wouldn’t acknowledge it.

She couldn’t.

Because Draco Malfoy was a grieving man. He still wore a band around his finger that signified his devotion to a woman who had died not five months before. He cried for her - his best friend and confidant, the mother of the tiny baby he clung to like a lifeline.

He’d already confessed to Hermione that he felt out of his depth as he navigated his new life alone. He was confused. He was vulnerable. There were a million reasons why he might think someone like Viktor was lucky, because so far in life, Draco’s own luck seemed to have deserted him.

Hermione squeezed her eyes shut, an icy dose of reality spreading through her consciousness, snuffing out the smouldering embers she should never have allowed to catch alight in the first place.

‘Hermione?’

She turned to find Danielle peering at her, her expression a mixture of wry curiosity and friendly concern. Hermione realised with a start that she’d been standing motionless in the hospital waiting room, the Prophet still clutched tightly in her hand.

‘You’re front page news.’ Danielle nodded towards the crumpled paper. ‘And a dark horse too. You kept that one quiet, you lucky girl.’

Hermione folded the paper up, forcing her face into something approaching neutral. ‘Well, I wasn’t really planning on seeing my dating life splashed all over the tabloids if I’m honest, Danielle.’

Danielle pulled a face. ‘I’ve been dying to find a moment to talk to you, but we’ve been so busy without Ernie.’ She stepped closer, putting a hand on Hermione’s arm. ‘I know you, and I know you’ll hate all the attention, so I won’t make a big fuss. All I’ll say is I’m so happy for you, and please don’t forget about us when you leave to go and be a rich Quidditch wife. I don’t know what I’ll do here without you.’

‘Gods,’ Hermione huffed at the preposterousness of it all. ‘I won’t be leaving, and I’m definitely not planning to run off and be a Quidditch wife. This was only a second date.’

‘But the article says…’

‘I know what it says,’ Hermione replied. ‘But it’s the Prophet, Dani. You can’t believe a single word Rita Skeeter writes. Viktor and I went on a date, we don’t currently have plans for another because he’s away now, training for the World Cup. That’s it. That’s the whole story.’

‘Oh,’ Danielle looked disappointed. ‘But still, there’s potential there? I’ve just been so excited for you. I feel like you always do so much for everyone else, I just want to see you finally get the happily ever after you deserve.’

Hermione forced a smile, unable to stop the wistful sigh that made its way up from her chest. ‘I don’t know if life is ever that simple, Dani,’ she said. ‘Not everybody gets to have what they really want. Maybe those things just aren’t in the stars for me.’

Danielle shook her head. ‘That’s bullshit, Hermione. Personally, I think that everyone has a soulmate - the one person you meet in life that shines so brightly you can't look away from them, even when you keep trying. Maybe the stars haven’t aligned for you yet, but they will. Good things happen to good people, and you-‘ she pointed a finger at Hermione’s chest. ‘Are a good person.’

Hermione swallowed, her throat aching again. Danielle was young, naive. She hadn’t experienced the world the way Hermione had. The picture she painted was pretty, but it wasn’t realistic. Being a good person ultimately meant very little in the grand scheme of things - she'd seen some of the best people dealt the worst hands imaginable. And as for soulmates? The idea that there was only one person out there for everyone? Hermione couldn’t think of anything less statistically plausible.

‘That’s a lovely thought, Dani,’ she said neutrally, unable to bring herself to throw Danielle’s kindness back in her face. ‘And I’d love to imagine you could be right.’

‘I know I’m right.’ Danielle said, bending to gather up the pile of maternity notes she’d set down on one of the blue plastic chairs. ‘Just…don’t give up on him yet, okay? There’s a reason he’s come back into your life after so long, and if he’s the one that keeps shining brighter than everyone else, then he’s definitely worth waiting for.’

With one last pointed look, Danielle gave Hermione’s elbow a gentle squeeze and stepped away, heading back towards the reception area.

Hermione walked in the other direction, dumping the copy of the paper into the bin as she passed. It was almost half an hour later when she realised that Danielle had actually been talking about Viktor.



* * *



The rest of Hermione’s shift passed slowly, she spent it growing steadily more irritated, painfully aware that she was the topic of almost all the conversation between her colleagues on the ward. She chose to ignore the covert glances from Mike and Katie and did a relatively good job of pretending that she didn’t notice the way people stopped their conversations when she walked past, only snapping once at a young Mediwitch who was brazen enough to ask her if Viktor was as good in bed as the rumours made out.

To keep her mind busy, she did what she always did and focused solely on her patients, spending several hours monitoring a mother who had come in panicking after experiencing some early contractions. Hermione settled her patient into a bed and closed the curtain before sitting next to her and squeezing her hand comfortingly. She ran her wand over the swell of the mother’s rounded belly, quickly finding the rapid throb of a tiny heartbeat. ‘There we go,’ she said, smiling. ‘Baby’s heart rate is perfect, nice and steady. I’ll monitor you for a little while, but I’m pretty sure you're just having some Braxton Hicks contractions, they should ease soon.’

Once she was confident her patient definitely wasn’t in early labour, Hermione left Mike to continue monitoring and moved around the ward, checking charts.

Yesterday’s ‘Little Bruiser’ was named Sebastian, and he was doing so well he was almost ready to go home. Hermione oversaw the discharge process, ensuring he was weighed and had his reflexes and hearing tested. She spent a while talking mum through all of her questions whilst simultaneously pretending she hadn’t noticed the baby’s father squinting at her, his eyes sliding between her face and the newspaper he held in his hands.

In the end, Hermione worked an hour past when her shift ended after being caught up in helping Healer Jennings with an emergency C-section to deliver a set of beautiful twin girls. She left the hospital drained and dishevelled but with a grounding sense of satisfaction, glad to have had something else to focus on for a few hours.

She checked her phone as she made her way down the hospital corridor, unsurprised to find a ridiculous amount of missed calls and messages. Hermione replied to Luna and Padma, seething quietly at the audacity of the voicemail she’d received from Rita Skeeter asking for an interview.

There was a sweet message from Viktor checking that she was okay. She replied to him too, reassuring him that she knew he’d had no idea they were being photographed and that it wasn’t his fault. She promised him she’d call him later in the week.

She stopped when she saw Malfoy’s name on her unopened message list, holding her breath as she opened his text.

Granger, I’ve been held up here and won’t get back until around eight. Is that too late to come over? X

Hermione replied instantly.

No, it’s not too late. Don’t worry, just come whenever you can. X

His reply was also instantaneous, almost as if he’d been waiting for her message to come.

:) Great. We’ll be there X

Smiling to herself at the bizarre improbability of Draco Malfoy using text emojis, Hermione entered the hospital Floo and made her way home.

When she arrived back at the flat, she was welcomed by utter chaos and the sight of Harry, storming around in only his pants and a state of absolute panic.

‘Hermione, thank GOD.’ He grabbed her the second she stepped through the door, crushing her in a cologne-scented hug before pulling back and grasping her shoulders so he could look into her face. ‘Are you okay? Do you have that bitch Skeeter back in a jar yet?’

Hermione laughed. ‘I wouldn’t tell an Auror if I did now, would I?’

‘That’s because you’re smart.’ Harry grinned. ‘But you know, if you do have any nefarious urges, I have several dodgy contacts who could help you out, no questions asked.’

‘I’ll bear that in mind.’ She replied, gazing around at the clothes and shoes strewn haphazardly around the flat. ‘Are you going to tell me what’s going on here?’

‘Ugh,’ Harry groaned, flinging himself onto the sofa and dropping his head into his hands. ‘I appreciate that this doesn’t even register on the crisis scale after the day you’ve had, but I’m absolutely freaking the fuck out.’

Hermione pulled off her shoes and sat down next to Harry, reaching up to rub his back soothingly.

‘Don’t worry about me, I’m fine. What's gotten you into such a state?’

Harry turned anxious green eyes to hers, and Hermione’s heart lurched at the rare vulnerability she saw reflected in them. She reached for his hand and held it between hers. ‘Harry, what’s wrong?’

He sighed, using his other hand to lift his glasses and pinch the bridge of his nose. ‘So…I’m going out with Theo later, you know that, right?’

Hermione nodded. ‘I thought you were really looking forward to it?’

‘I am,’ he insisted, looking absolutely miserable.

‘That’s the bloody problem, Mi. This is the first time in as long as I can remember that I’m nervous. I usually don’t care what my dates think of me. I’m usually just…’ he paused, but only momentarily - she and Harry had no secrets. ‘I usually just want to get off and get out. I don’t ever plan for it to go any further than a casual hook-up, and so I’m always in control. But Theo…he makes me all…’ Harry’s face twisted as he waved his hands around. ‘I don’t know. I don’t know how to do this. I don’t know how to be around someone I actually like. Theo’s all sexy and clever and funny, and I’m just… What am I? A famous name and stories of things I did fifteen fucking years ago. What if we go on this date and he’s…disappointed?’

Hermione’s heart ached sharply in her chest. Very few people knew Harry the way she did, but despite his disarming confidence and apparent inability to take anything seriously, Harry’s horrendous childhood experiences had left him with deeply buried insecurity and an immense fear of letting people down.

‘Oh, Harry,’ she murmured, reaching to pull him into a tight hug. ‘My darling. You sweet, sweet man. Don’t you see? Theo doesn’t want you for who you were fifteen years ago. He wants you for who you are now - the most wonderful, kind and brave man. Don’t overthink it, just be yourself and it’ll be absolutely impossible for Theo to not fall even harder for you than he already has.’

Harry buried his head in Hermione’s neck as she felt him nodding against her collarbone. ‘Okay.’ He sighed uncertainly. ‘Okay, yeah. I won’t know unless I try, I suppose. His arms tightened around her waist. ‘l love you, Mione.’

Hermione smiled. ‘I know. I love you too, Harry.’ She pressed a kiss to the top of his messy head. ‘Do you want me to help you choose something to wear? Would that be a good start?’

Harry nodded again, pulling away to give her a small, lopsided grin. ‘I haven’t got a clue. I even debated going out in my uniform just to get him all horny again.’

‘Merlin.’ Hermione laughed. ‘Don’t do that, he’ll combust on the spot.’ She looked around at the piles of clothes strewn across the floor. ‘Right, come on, Cinderella,’ she said, rising to stand. ‘Your fairy godmother is here, let’s get you ready for the ball.’

Half an hour later, Harry was dressed and ready, practically vibrating with nervous energy as he waited for Theo to arrive. His white shirt was crisp and tucked, the top button undone to reveal a small slice of bare skin at his throat. He wore dark jeans and a grey tweed jacket that fitted his seeker’s body closely, showing off the sculpted muscles of his back and arms.

He grinned at Hermione through the mirror as she finished running her wand over his hair, adding some wax to the ends to keep it in place. It was bizarre to see Harry looking so put together, the jagged edge of the lightning bolt scar just peeking out from under the tidy sweep of his fringe.

‘You look gorgeous,’ she said. ‘Theo is going to lose his mind.’

‘That’s the plan.’ Harry’s wink was salacious, and Hermione was glad to see him back to his usual cocky self. ‘I want to put that man on his knees.’

She smiled, absolutely no doubt in her mind that Harry would be successful in his endeavour.

‘Did you end up telling Ron about you two?’ She asked. ‘What did he say?’

Harry pulled a face ‘I did. I don’t think he was that surprised, to be honest. He knows a bit about what’s been happening with Malfoy, knows you and I have been hanging out with the Slytherins a little.’

‘He does?’ Hermione asked, momentarily surprised until she remembered that Harry and Ron still told each other everything.

‘Yeah, he did kind of try and warn me off a bit, though. He said that I should be careful about being seen associating with known Voldemort supporters, given my job and all.’

Hermione huffed irritably. Whenever she began to think that Ron had finally matured, he disappointed her with his inability to let go of the past. ‘I hope you put him straight,’ she retorted. ‘None of them were actually Voldemort supporters. They were just isolated teenagers, manipulated by their families into repeating the vile nonsense they’d had shoved down their throats from birth. They were scared and did what they thought they had to to survive, just like us.’

‘I know that now.’ Harry replied. ‘I told Ron the same thing, but it’s harder for him. He lost his brother in that war, and it almost destroyed their entire family. Molly has never been the same since Fred’s death, and neither has George. It’s understandable that Ron needs someone to blame, especially seeing as most of the actual Death Eaters are already dead.’ Harry sighed. ‘We argued a bit about it, but by the time I left, he seemed to understand, especially when I told him about Aurora and the Greengrasses.’

‘Malfoy didn’t kill Fred, Harry,’ Hermione replied. ‘And Theo certainly didn’t. Ron must know that, especially after so long. We’re the adults now. We need to stop letting the hatred forced upon us as children remain a barrier. Our generation has to move on together - otherwise Voldemort still bloody wins.’

‘Oh, he knows, deep down.’ Harry said. ‘It’s all just new for him, and you know what Ron’s like, love. Once he’s had time to think about things and been given a good earful from Padma, he’ll be fine. He just needs a bit longer to adjust, that’s all.’

A sudden sharp pull on the wards had them both jumping up, followed by a quiet knock at the door.

‘Fuck, it’s him.’ Harry hissed, looking around at the messy room, his expression panicked. A quick flick of Hermione’s wand had the immediate vicinity looking semi-decent, a large pile of discarded clothes zipping into Harry’s room for him to deal with later.

Harry locked his eyes on hers, and she gave him an encouraging nod, watching him take a deep breath before he walked towards the door, smoothing down his hair nervously. Hermione couldn’t help but smile at how similarly Theo had behaved just a few days prior. They were both so anxious to impress, it was adorable.

After taking a few seconds to collect himself, Harry swung open the door to the flat. This time Theo didn’t hesitate. He was inside with his tongue in Harry’s mouth before either of them had even taken a breath, walking Harry backwards until he was pressing him against the wall of the entryway. Harry didn’t argue, kissing Theo just as fervently in return, seeming to have immediately forgotten that Hermione was there, again.

‘Fuck,’ Theo breathed, his hands gripping the back of Harry’s neck tightly as he wrenched his lips away, mouthing along Harry’s jaw between gasps. ‘Fuck. I need you, Harry. That fucking photo you sent earlier…I’ve been hard as a rock since lunchtime.’

‘Hello, Theo.’ Hermione called, and Theo lifted his head from where he’d been licking up the side of Harry’s throat, his swollen pupils contracting when he saw her standing there, one hand raised awkwardly in greeting.

He let out a long, frustrated groan, pressing one hand to the wall as he stepped back from Harry a scant inch. ‘Granger, Darling.’ He practically growled. ‘It’s lovely to see you as always, but seriously, are you actually a professional cockblock? Every time I think I’m finally alone with Potter, you or fucking Malfoy appear, like it’s your godsdamned job to give us blue balls.’ He began to look slightly unhinged as he continued ranting. ‘I’m actually at the point where I might just need to carry on defiling Potter regardless. You don’t mind, do you? I’m sure you’ve seen your best friend naked before.’

Harry let out a small, garbled sound of surprise. He sounded partially horrified but also, much to Hermione’s dismay, partially aroused too.

‘Merlin,’ he muttered, blinking owlishly behind his glasses. ‘Hermione and I are close, Theo, but not that close. And anyway,’ he gripped Theo’s chin, turning his face gently back towards his own. ‘I thought you and I were going out on an actual date, first. You said I had to wine and dine you before I’d be getting into your pants, and I took that request very seriously. I got dressed up and everything, can’t you tell?’

Harry’s words finally seemed to force Theo to claw back some semblance of control, the desperate urgency in his eyes fading slightly. He stepped back further so he could look Harry over properly, dragging his eyes slowly from his ankles, up and over every inch of his body, finally settling on his face.

‘You look incredible,’ he muttered. ‘Like every one of my fantasies come true.’ Harry’s answering smirk was smug, but he was clearly affected by the inspection, practically melting under Theo’s lingering gaze.

Hermione felt her own cheeks grow warm, certain that the two men had forgotten they had company once again.

‘Just one thing…’ Theo paused momentarily, biting his lower lip as he reached up to slide his fingers into Harry’s hair. Harry stopped breathing, his eyes fluttering shut as Theo dragged his fingers through the coarse waves, feathering the strands between his knuckles, pulling and ruffling until all of Hermione’s hard work was undone and Harry’s hair was as wild and unruly as it had been before she started.

‘There,’ a satisfied smile curled one side of Theo’s lips. ‘Now you look perfect. Now you look like Harry Potter.’

Harry groaned, grabbing hold of Theo’s belt buckle and yanking him closer so he could kiss him again. ‘And you look like Theodore Nott,’ he muttered. ‘The sexiest fucking bastard I’ve ever met.’

‘Wasn’t the reservation you made for eight o’ clock, Harry?’ Hermione piped up, aware she was being annoying but also gravely concerned that Theo might decide to try and make good on his earlier threat. ‘It’s half past seven now.’

Theo pulled his mouth away from Harry’s with a frustrated sigh, rubbing a hand over his smoothly shaven jaw. ‘Christ, this dinner is going to kill me.’ He muttered. ‘Come on, Potter, let’s go. I’ll let you take me out, and we can both pretend we’re actually interested in eating our meals instead of eating each other.’

‘Theo!’ Hermione cried, unable to hold back her gasp of shock. ‘Please.’

‘Sorry, Granger,‘ he laughed. ‘Sometimes I forget you’re a bit more buttoned up than Pans is.’

‘I’m not…buttoned up,’ she frowned, and this time it was Harry’s turn to laugh.

‘Sure, you’re not, Mione. You went on a date with an international Quidditch player last night, and the most you let him do was kiss you on the bloody cheek.’

‘Oh?’ Theo’s ears had pricked up. He finally stepped back from where he’d been crowding Harry, stalking towards Hermione with one raised eyebrow.

‘So Krum didn’t take you back to his hotel room last night, then? Because that’s what the Prophet said happened.’

‘No!’ Hermione spluttered, horrified. ‘He didn’t! Is that what she actually wrote? God! Rita Skeeter does deserve to live in a bloody fucking jar!’

‘Ohhhh,’ Theo replied thoughtfully, the eyebrow raising even higher. ‘Interesting… ‘ He trailed one finger absently over the Formica countertop of the kitchenette. ‘I know someone who will find that information very interesting.’

Hermione paused. ‘What do you mean?’

Theo shook his head. There was something indecipherable in his eyes that Hermione couldn’t gauge, but he sort of looked a little pleased, his expression almost triumphant.

‘Nothing,’ he replied quietly. ‘Nothing at all.’ He turned to Harry. ‘We’d better go then, Potter. I hear Granger has plans of her own this evening. A certain grumpy blonde has apparently agreed to some private healing.’

Harry turned to Hermione. ‘You’re seeing Malfoy again tonight? You didn’t say.’

‘Yes,’ she nodded. ‘We had a chat earlier and he agreed to let me look at his scar. There are some charms I can do to reduce the swelling, hopefully make it a little less tender.’

Theo huffed a small laugh down at the ground, and Hermione frowned at him again. ‘Theo? Are you sure you don’t have anything to say?’

‘It’s just funny, that’s all.’ Theo replied. ‘I’ve never seen Malfoy so happy to let someone boss him around. He’s usually one of the most irritatingly stubborn people I’ve ever met, but when it comes to you, he suddenly turns into a puppy dog. I honestly think he likes being told what to do by you. He’d probably do anything you ask.’

Hermione felt her heart flutter behind her ribs again, a tug low in her abdomen.

She snorted to hide how flustered she was, flapping her hands irritably in their direction.

‘I thought you were leaving? Haven’t you just been complaining about not getting any time alone?’

Theo grinned, but Hermione didn’t miss Harry’s slightly worried frown.

‘Just keep Draco and Aurora here as long as you can,’ Theo said, turning to Harry. ‘That way you and I can go back to the penthouse and I can show you my massive… jacuzzi.’

Any misgivings Harry may have had about how Hermione spent her evening seemed to instantly disappear as he flashed a hungry smile back at Theo, his eyes dark with lust.

‘Yeah,’ he replied hoarsely. ‘Keep Malfoy here, Mione.’

‘I’m sure he won’t need too much convincing.’ Theo threw her a gentle wink, although Hermione knew, despite his teasing, that Theo would be glad to see Malfoy accepting some help. It was a step forward, rather than a step back, which had been Theo’s primary concern at dinner just a few days ago.

The two men finally left the flat ten minutes later, each giving Hermione a kiss on the cheek before Disapparating, their fingers entwined, eyes bright with anticipation. Hermione smiled as she watched them go, wondering if either of them had any idea how much the other was actually invested.

With the flat finally empty, she looked around, seeing it for the first time as Malfoy might - a man who was essentially a billionaire. He lived in a Manor House on acres and acres of land. The entire flat was probably smaller than one of his bathrooms, and it was undeniably tatty, although she and Harry liked to call it cosy.

Nothing they had was extravagant or shiny (except her unashamedly large shoe collection), and almost nothing matched. Every piece of art and ornament had sentimental value, many things were cracked or dented, and although the flat was clean, neither she nor Harry were particularly tidy. Hermione had a terrible habit of leaving books piled up in corners, and Harry was notorious for leaving half-finished cups of tea on every available surface.

Gasping when she realised the time, Hermione cast a slightly more thorough cleaning charm and then dived into the shower, her anticipation growing as eight o'clock drew nearer.

By eight fifteen, she was pacing the kitchen, a damp patch spreading down her back as her clumped curls slowly began to separate, twisting into gradually tightening spirals.

She had dressed casually in a pair of light blue leggings and a navy sweatshirt, putting on a minimal amount of fresh makeup to cover up the eyebags of another highly emotional day.

By half past eight, she’d checked her phone several times, a small inner voice whispering that Malfoy had probably changed his mind and wasn’t going to come. Ultimately, he didn’t really want her to heal him, he’d probably just text her when he got home with an excuse.

Nine o'clock came and went with no word, and by ten pm, Hermione thought she should probably just give up and go to bed. She sat on the sofa with her phone clasped between her palms, staring down at it as she debated what to do.

Gradually, worry began worming its way in to niggle in her gut. Malfoy had said he was coming. The texts she’d reread at least ten times had definitely indicated he was coming. He hadn’t messaged or called since to say otherwise.

But then, he wasn’t the most reliable with his phone, and he’d obviously had somewhere important to be, whatever the phone call had been about had kept him busy all day.

Were they at the point where she had any right to message and ask if he was okay? Would he view that as Hermione overstepping her mark? After all, they’d recently gone more than three months without speaking after the last time he’d felt that she had.

Several times she pulled up his number and stared at it, not sure what to do. She wished she had Pansy’s number or some way of checking he was alright without bothering him.

Hermione had no idea when she fell asleep, but a sharp pull on the wards around the flat jerked her unceremoniously awake. She pushed herself upright in a daze, frowning when she looked at the cooker light and realised it was almost midnight. Hermione waited, listening, unsure if the wards had just picked up Harry, arriving home from his date.

A quiet knock at the door a few seconds later confirmed that it was not.

Hermione stood up, rubbing at her tired eyes. After a second of debate, she picked up her wand from the kitchen counter and padded silently to the entryway, pausing to listen for a moment longer before tentatively pushing down the handle and pulling the flat door open.

No matter what Hermione told herself, no matter how inherently wrong she knew it was, the sight of Draco Malfoy standing in her hallway felt like a Bombarda had gone off in her chest.

Hermione’s stomach lurched as she took him in, her heart banging so forcefully behind her ribs that she felt like it might suddenly burst free and fly away.

Malfoy stood silently outside her door, tall and elegant and ruined.

His whole body swayed as his eyes met hers, almost as though it was all he could do to stay upright.

He was still in the hoodie from earlier, although the baseball cap was nowhere to be seen. His hair was spiked into dishevelled peaks, the shadows under his eyes a concerning shade of violet. He was deathly pale.

Aurora was held at his side in a car seat, thankfully fast asleep. He held a set of car keys clutched in his other hand.

‘Draco,’ she breathed. ‘Are you alright?’

Malfoy jerked at the sound of her voice, swallowing hard, a muscle twitching in his cheek.

He didn’t say anything for several long beats, rocking back on his heels, his eyes never leaving hers. Hermione hovered, holding her breath, unsure of what to do.

‘Draco?’

‘No,’ the word was a croak. He swallowed again, his eyes closing momentarily. ‘I’m not alright, Granger. I can’t… I need…’

He stepped towards her just as Hermione let go of the doorframe and reached for him.

The second Hermione wrapped her arms around his neck, Malfoy gave in. His body hunched inwards as he bowed his head and buried his face deeply in her hair just as a raw, anguished sob ripped from his throat, breaking Hermione’s heart in two. He clutched at her jumper with his free hand, his fingers gentle but desperate as he pulled her body closer, like he needed the contact to survive.

‘Granger,’ he gasped, shuddering violently, ‘I can’t. I tried. I’ve had the most horrendous day - ’ his words cut off as another sob wracked through him. Without loosening her hold on his shoulders, Hermione carefully unwound one arm to gently reach down and tug the handle of Aurora’s car seat from Malfoy’s grip. He resisted for a moment and then let her, gradually relaxing his fingers so she could take the weight of the seat. Hermione bent to set the baby down on the ground before standing up and wrapping her arms firmly back around Malfoy’s neck as she felt the first of his tears begin to soak into her hair.



* * *



Hermione held Malfoy that way for a long time.

She couldn’t even begin to estimate how long they remained standing together in her entryway, the seconds and minutes ceasing to have any tangible meaning as she smoothed her hand down his back and stroked his hair and murmured comforting words in his ear despite having no idea what had knocked him so violently off kilter.

Malfoy cried as though his heart was breaking, his face pressed into Hermione’s shoulder, his whole body pressed tightly to hers. Her legs trembled with the effort of holding them both up, but she didn’t loosen her grip on him, even for a second. She held on, letting Malfoy finally release all of the tension he’d been holding on for months as he fell apart just as thoroughly as he had that first night at the hospital, messy and unguarded and cathartic.

He was burning hot despite the shivers that wracked his body, his face pink and shining when he finally lifted his head. His chest still hitched, his breathing erratic as he began slowly trying to get himself under control.

‘Sorry,’ he rasped. ‘Fuck, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have…I just didn’t know where else to go. Pansy and Blaise are in Italy, and I couldn’t go back to the Penthouse, Theo needs time… he deserves time with Potter. I thought about just going home, but the manor it’s... I just wanted to be somewhere warm. You’re so… I needed…’

‘Shhh,’ Hermione murmured. ‘Draco, don’t. You don’t have to apologise. I’m glad you’re here.’

He began pulling away. ‘No, I’m sorry. It’s late, I shouldn’t be burdening you like this.’ He scowled suddenly, catching her off guard when he added. ‘Your boyfriend wouldn’t like it.’

He dropped to kneel next to Aurora, wandlessly casting the monitoring charms he definitely shouldn’t still be reliant on. He pulled back the soft white blanket and watched her chest rise and fall for a moment before gently undoing a few buttons of her jacket.

‘We’re going to go.’ He stood up sharply, his shoulders squaring as he scrubbed a hand over his face, clearly about to pretend he hadn’t just completely fallen apart in Hermione’s arms.

‘Draco,’ she implored, placing a hand on his back. ‘Please don’t. I don’t want you to be alone when you feel like this.’

He turned away from her, already shaking his head.

‘Granger-‘

‘Just stay, Draco. Talk to me. You don’t always have to try and keep things in. Sometimes there’s strength in allowing someone, anyone, to share the emotional load. I’m here, I’m your friend. I’ll listen as long as you need me to.’

He let out a growl of frustration, eyeing the door, still aiming for escape.

‘I can’t, Granger.’ He moved to step away, and without thinking, Hermione reached for him, grabbing his wrist. Clearly, Malfoy hadn’t been expecting her to do it - hadn’t braced - because he suddenly hissed with pain, his face going chalky white. He yanked his arm out of her grasp, gritting his teeth as he bent to pick Aurora carefully up from the floor.

‘Don’t you dare.’ Hermione moved quickly to stand in front of him, blocking the exit to the flat. Looking down, she could see the fingers of infection working their way down his wrist and into the veins of his hand. Small, spidery red lines, his pale skin already beginning to stretch taut as the swelling spread outwards from the scar he’d put onto his own body.

‘Draco Lucius Malfoy,’ she huffed. ‘I am not letting you leave here like this.’ Hermione planted her hands on her hips, glaring up at him as fiercely as she could manage. ‘I’m not letting you spend this night alone. You agreed. You said you’d let me help you, and so help me Merlin, you’re going to do that or I swear I’ll show you exactly how bloody bossy I can be.’

Malfoy stopped in his tracks, swearing under his breath as his eyes narrowed and he pulled himself up to full height, breathing hard. His magic swirled around them, dark and agitated and tempestuous. Hermione held his gaze, her chin tilted up in defiance as her own magic crackled in return.

They entered into a stalemate, nose to nose, toe to toe. Malfoy’s nostrils flared with irritation, but as she held her ground, Hermione saw something gradually change in his eyes, a small twinkle pushing through the thick fog of his anger. His lips twitched, his fingers clenching and unclenching at his side.

‘Fuck.’

The word was low, coming from somewhere in the back of his throat, and the cadence of it reverberated through Hermione’s entire body, like a stone dropping into a lake, lapping outwards in ripples so that she couldn’t help but shiver.

The room was filled with magic, both hers and his, it sparked around them, small zaps of electricity pumping Hermione’s blood faster around her body, adrenaline, frustration and something else, that unconscionable heat, the one she absolutely could not be feeling.



Malfoy suddenly stepped back, blinking as he seemed to realise how close their faces were at the same time Hermione did.

His eyes were bloodshot, his exhaustion painfully clear as his body suddenly seemed to sag, all the fight going out of him. ‘Fine. You win.’ He sounded utterly defeated.

Hermione paused, having expected far more resistance than she had gotten. Sighing loudly, Malfoy turned and began striding towards the flat door, pulling it open and stepping out into the hall with Aurora in hand.

‘Really?’ Hermione called. ‘That’s it? You’re going to shut me out again already?’

‘No,’ Malfoy sighed. ‘I’m going to let you in. You really want to know about where I’ve been all day, Granger? You think you can actually help? Come on then. Get in the godsdamned car.’

Blindsided, Hermione didn’t argue, and she didn’t waste any time in case he changed his mind. She quickly pulled on her trainers and grabbed a coat before following Malfoy down to the street where he’d parked his car, another Mercedes, black and sleek and shiny, with chrome accents and a supple leather interior.

They drove silently through the sleeping city, Malfoy constantly checking on Aurora, who dozed peacefully in the back, once again completely unaware of the drama that swirled around her. Hermione glanced at him several times, but Malfoy kept his eyes on the road, exhaustion pulling his face tight and making him look ghostly pale in the headlights of the other cars when they shone on his face.

Hermione didn’t say anything, not wanting to spook him as she recalled the last time they’d been in the car together.

After around half an hour of driving, he slowed down, indicating right and turning off an A road Hermione didn’t recognise and travelling slowly for several miles down a narrow country lane.

After ten or so minutes, without stopping the car, Malfoy muttered something quietly under his breath and suddenly a building appeared out of the gloom, a huge and imposing stone estate, set behind a set of tall wrought iron gates. Malfoy turned smoothly onto the long drive, the gates opening automatically. As they drew nearer to the house, Hermione was able to read the sign erected outside, floodlights illuminating the swooping cursive lettering.

The Grove - Luxury Residential Suites

Malfoy remained silent as they parked up in one of the designated spots, stepping out of the car and slamming the door shut before moving around to open Hermione’s side and help her out.

She waited while he leaned in to grab Aurora’s bag and then lift her from the carseat, shushing her gently when she predictably began to grumble. He cast a warming charm and wrapped the soft knitted blanket tighter around her as Aurora gradually settled back down onto his shoulder, happy once she realised she was in her father’s arms.

‘This way,’ he murmured, and Hermione followed him towards the entrance, their feet crunching loudly over the gravel. She waited when they reached the entryway, Malfoy muttering his name into a gold speaker set into the stone.

The heavy wooden doors swung open, and they stepped inside, Hermione’s senses immediately assaulted by the familiar antiseptic smell of a hospital.

A woman was already moving out from the reception desk towards them, her immaculate green robes starched and pressed, the gold badge on her chest giving her name as Healer Pennie Simons.

‘Mr Malfoy,’ she breathed, looking concerned. ‘Did someone call you? I was unaware there had been any further problems today.’

‘No,’ Malfoy replied, curt but forcibly polite. ‘No one called. I simply require further visiting time this evening.’ He motioned to Hermione, who stood shifting uncomfortably at his side. ‘This is my friend, Hermione Granger. I’ll need you to give her clearance for tonight, Pennie.’

The nurse's eyes widened, her lips parting slightly as she looked Hermione up and down. ‘Oh my,’ she whispered breathily. ‘I know who you are, of course. It’s so good to meet you, Miss Granger.’ Hermione cringed as she took Pennie’s outstretched hand and shook it, unsure whether Pennie’s response was related to her past or present fame.

‘I’m sorry, we weren’t expecting to see you again tonight.’ The nurse said, finally turning back to Malfoy. ‘The sedative we had to use earlier was very strong. I expect it will be in effect for several hours.’

‘That’s alright.’ Malfoy said, shifting Aurora off his shoulder and into the crook of his arm. ‘It will just be a brief visit. Can you please go ahead and clear Miss Granger’s wand? Thank you, Pennie’.

The nurse nodded quickly, recognising the request as the dismissal it was. She scurried back behind the desk and then called Hermione over, asking her to tap her wand between the pages of a large book as she recited an unfamiliar incantation.

Malfoy seemingly needed no such clearance, he waited silently while Hermione’s wand was processed before turning and motioning for her to follow him down a large, darkened corridor, striding away with Aurora nestled in the crook of his arm.

Hermione’s shoes scuffed on the shining hardwood floors as she followed behind, the sound echoing loudly in the hush of the silent hospital.

They turned down several winding corridors until Malfoy finally stopped outside a heavily warded, magically reinforced wooden door.

He turned to face her for the first time since they’d left her flat, grey eyes finally meeting hers. He looked sixteen again, so much like the terrified young boy Hermione remembered from their school days, anxious and uncertain, desperately alone.

But Malfoy wasn’t alone. Whatever lay on the other side of that door, Hermione was at his side, and he’d brought her there for a reason.

Without hesitation, she reached for his hand, quickly finding his own searching the space between them. Their fingers intertwined, gripping tightly. Malfoy squeezed Hermione’s hand like she was an anchor, the only thing keeping him from floating away on the tide.

With a final deep breath, he swished his wand and disarmed the wards before pushing open the door, and together they stepped inside the silent room.

Malfoy moved towards the bed, and Hermione went with him, tugged in that direction by the hand still holding tightly onto hers.

The small huddled figure under the blankets was instantly recognisable by the white stripe in her otherwise greying hair, fragile but still somehow beautiful, even with the long scratches that marred her cheeks, her undeniable genes passed on to both the son who stood before her, and her baby granddaughter, clutched tightly in her father’s arms.

Hermione felt tears spring into her eyes as she watched Draco bend to place a small, tender kiss on his mother’s forehead, his eyes filled with love. It was so reminiscent of the way he treated Aurora, his gaze reverent and protective as he touched a hand gently to her cheek.

‘Hiya mum,’ he murmured, even though Narcissa clearly couldn’t hear him. ‘We’re back.’

Hermione wasn’t expecting Narcissa’s eyes to drift open a few seconds later, the blue of her irises hazy, her pupils swollen and unfocused with the effects of whatever sedative potion she was floating on. She shifted a little on the bed, and it was only then that Hermione realised that her movements were restricted as she recognised the spell that shimmered around Narcissa, a gentle version of the body bind they sometimes used at Saint Mungo’s when they didn’t want a patient to hurt themselves.

‘Draco?’ Narcissa’s voice was thin and scratchy, like she’d been screaming, although she was peaceful now. ‘What are you…Did they call you again? Did I do something? I’m.. sorry, darling.’

‘No, mum.’ He replied. ’Don’t say sorry. You know I’m always happy to come when they call me. But that’s not why we’re here. I wanted to see you, that’s all. I brought a friend, too.’

Narcissa smiled, blinking slowly as she attempted to focus on Hermione’s face.

‘Hello, dear.’ The syllables were slurred, her lips barely parting around them. ‘You must be the one Draco has been telling me about. The pretty healer who’s been helping him with Aurora.’

Malfoy barked out a cough. He straightened. ‘Mum-‘ he began. ‘You already know her. I told you, this is-‘ but Narcissa continued speaking, almost as though she couldn’t hear him.

‘You remind me of someone.’ She murmured vaguely. ‘That Muggleborn girl Draco was so infatuated with in school.’ She suddenly let out a laugh, high- pitched and slightly hysterical. ‘His father would never have allowed it, of course, even if he hadn’t already been betrothed to poor Astoria. Draco insisted he was only interested in that girl’s academic ability, certain that she must have been cheating to rival him in all of their classes, but I knew that wasn’t true. A mother always knows her son.’ Narcissa suddenly looked sad, her blue eyes growing misty. ‘It was a terrible thing, what my sister did to that girl later on. We all felt just awful about it…What was she called, Draco? You must remember her, Harry Potter’s friend?’

Malfoy looked absolutely horrified, his eyes darting between Narcissa and Hermione, his mouth opening and closing like a fish as a fierce blush spread up his neck and onto his cheeks. Hermione’s heart began to pound again. She looked at Narcissa, who had appeared to drift back off to sleep.

Malfoy relaxed slightly, his shoulders slumping.

‘Erm..’ he began, but Narcissa suddenly opened her eyes again, turning to squint at Hermione. ‘That’s it!’ She cried enthusiastically, making Hermione and Malfoy both jump, Aurora twitching restlessly in his arms.

‘You look just like her, only your hair is less frizzy… Helena…no…Hermione. Hermione Granger, that was her name. That’s who you remind me of.’



Chapter End Notes

🥹🥹🥹 Ughhh that was an emotional one to write! I always knew it was coming and we will find out lots more about Narcissa as the fic progresses! Poor Draco’s meltdown was definitely needed and certainly a culmination of all his big feelings.

Quick question: would anyone like to see the NottPott first date from a different POV? And if so, would you prefer it as a bonus chapter or a separate one shot? (There WILL be smut but also insight into the main fic too)

I’m sorry I didn’t get to the group meet up, but I promise it’s coming!



Thank you so much for reading!

Nicky x





Chapter 17: That we look upon


Chapter Notes

😭 I know I say it every week but UGHHHH! Thank you all so much!!! Truly, your comments and support mean everything when writing such an emotionally challenging fic! (I’m working my way through replies!)

I have fallen in love with these characters so much and I’m so honoured to have you all along for their journey. As we know, it’s not easy but bit by bit they will get there!

The vote was an overwhelming YES for NottPott, that’s on the way one day this week and contains info on H and D that is definitely insight but can be skipped if it’s not your thing!

A little note: The giraffe toy Draco gives to Aurora this chapter is a little callback to my own daughter’s favourite chew toy (Sophie La Girafe) and a product you can still buy! I’m loving dropping in little self inserts here and there, reminding myself of those mental but beautiful baby days!

As always, thank you so much for reading!

Nicky xx



See the end of the chapter for more notes



The silence in the car was deafening.

After making her shocking declaration, Narcissa Malfoy had smiled softly as she drifted off to sleep, peaceful now that she’d remembered the name of the girl her son had been infatuated with at school.

Infatuated.

The word repeated in Hermione’s head on a refrain as Malfoy drove them away from The Grove, joining the constant echoes of Draco’s own words, already waiting in the recesses of her psyche where she’d tried to bury them.

‘You’re everything I thought you were.’

‘You aren’t less.’

‘I can think of a thousand other words that define who you are, but none of them could ever even begin to do you justice.’

She risked a sideways glance at Malfoy, who was staring ahead at the road, unblinking, his expression reminiscent of a man trying desperately not to vomit.

‘Thank you,’ she began tentatively, knowing that she’d need to be the one to break the awkward silence between them. ‘Thank you for letting me into this part of your life. I know that it must have been difficult.’

Feeling somewhat reckless, she reached over to put what she hoped was a comforting hand on his knee. Malfoy flinched at the contact, but then seemed to forcibly relax, taking his own hand off the wheel to reach down and cover hers. He didn’t say anything, and Hermione wondered how much he regretted taking her to meet Narcissa.

‘I’m so sorry about your mum.’ She continued. ‘I’m sorry you have so much to deal with.’

He swallowed hard, turning to glance at her before quickly flicking his eyes back to the road. ‘It’s alright.’ He shrugged, although Hermione was positive, after the way he’d arrived at her door earlier that night, that it definitely was not alright. ‘She’s been this way for such a long time now that I can barely even remember what she was like before.’

‘Does she have GMD?’ Hermione asked gently, having picked up on some of the symptoms Narcissa was displaying. Geriatric Magical Declination was a form of dementia often seen in the magical world, although usually in people far, far older than Narcissa Malfoy.

Malfoy grimaced. ‘Of a sort.’ He frowned for a moment before pressing on. ‘After I got married and my father died, my mother was alone a lot. She… she wasn't doing well, and she attempted to Obliviate herself. She wanted to get rid of certain… memories. But…it went wrong. She didn’t complete the spell. It left her with some cognitive damage, which can make her magic hard to control. Sometimes she’s lucid, but other times, she forgets where she is, who she is. She misremembers things.’

He’d said the last words meaningfully, and despite herself, Hermione’s heart sank. Malfoy was telling her, very clearly, that Narcissa often said things that weren’t true. She didn’t know why the confirmation hurt so much, why she’d even believed for a second that Malfoy might have had feelings for her at school. Of course he hadn’t. He’d just hated her for beating his grades. That made a lot more sense, of course.

‘Initially, there was hope for recovery.’ Malfoy continued, unaware of Hermione’s inner turmoil. ‘I had some of the most esteemed healers in the magical world looking for a way to reverse the Obliviation. But it’s been nearly ten years now, and she’s no better. Sometimes she gets scared and forgets where she is. When that happens, her magic goes crazy. She can be dangerous. When she really loses it, the only thing that can calm her is me. I-I use my Legillimency to get inside her head and talk her down from the inside…I’m gentle.’ He clarified, as though Hermione might doubt for a second that he would be. ‘I don’t hurt her. I just remind her where she is, that she’s safe. It calms her enough so that the Healers don’t have to stun her. I don’t like it when they do that.’

Hermione listened silently, her heart aching once again for Malfoy.

‘It’s harder now that I have Aurora.’ He said, turning off the motorway and heading towards the city. ‘I can’t just Apparate straight there when they call me. Mum was…’ his voice cracked slightly. ‘She was in a bad way when I arrived earlier. It’s- it’s really hard to see her so distressed. I try to tell myself that most of the time, she seems happy enough at The Grove. Happier than she was at the manor anyway, and much safer.’

‘You’re doing the right thing.’ Hermione told him with absolute conviction. ‘Sometimes we have to make difficult choices to keep the people we love safe. Even if it hurts us to do it.’

Malfoy looked sideways at her, clearly picking up on her tone. He waited, and without planning to Hermione suddenly found herself saying something she’d only ever admitted to her closest friends.

‘I… I actually Obliviated my own parents.’ She said shakily, hating the way the words sounded coming out of her mouth. ‘Thirteen years ago… I didn’t want them to become collateral in a war they didn’t understand, and I didn't want them to become a target as a way to get to me. Th-they live in Australia now. They don’t remember me, don’t remember they had a daughter at all.’

Malfoy had gone still, the hand that covered hers squeezing tighter.

‘Granger,’ he breathed. ‘Fuck. I'm sorry…I had no idea.’

Hermione felt tears spring into her eyes, her mouth suddenly dry. She hadn’t spoken about her parents in a very long time, not even with Harry - It was too painful.

‘Have you seen them since?’ Malfoy asked gently, the sensation of his thumb rubbing slowly over the back of her hand more comforting than Hermione thought he knew.

‘Once.’ She nodded. ‘Harry and I took a trip about five years ago. I’d finally had to accept that there was no safe way to reverse an Obliviation, but I thought, maybe they’d see me and they’d somehow know. I thought I could stage an accidental meeting, find a way to insert myself into their lives so that eventually, I could tell them who I really was.’

She blinked at the blurry lights passing by the windscreen. ‘But when I saw them, they looked so healthy and so happy that I just… I had to let them live. I didn’t l want to do anything that might inadvertently hurt them or cause them any distress. So I didn’t talk to them, I didn’t let them see me. I just came home and had to accept the fact that I no longer have any family…at all.’

Hermione didn’t even realise Malfoy was pulling the car over until he was reaching across the seat for her, gathering her towards him. She melted immediately into the embrace, too sad not to let herself give into his warmth, his clean scent, the almost unbearable rightness of being cocooned within his arms, so strong but so gentle. ‘I’m sorry,’ he murmured quietly, his fingers smoothing over her hair, his face pressed into the top of her head.‘I’m so sorry, Granger. You’re so fucking brave. You did the right thing too.’

Hermione closed her eyes against his chest and let Malfoy comfort her, dimly aware of the complete reversal of their roles from earlier that night. She had never intended to divulge something so deeply personal, but Draco had been so vulnerable with her over the past few hours, he felt like the only person she wanted to tell, the only person she wanted full stop.

When she finally managed to pull away, Hermione looked out of the window to find that they were parked up in a side street just a few hundred metres from her flat. Malfoy hadn’t waited to complete the journey. He’d known she needed his comfort there and then. The realisation made her heart hurt, aching with all the ways she just wanted more and more from him, so much that wasn’t hers to take.

He waited patiently for her to calm down before restarting the car and less than a minute later they were pulling up smoothly into the parking space outside the flat.

‘You’re sure you’re okay?’ He asked, dragging up the handbrake and turning to look at her.

Hermione nodded. ‘I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean to make that about me. You were trying to tell me about your mum.’

‘Don’t be ridiculous.’ He frowned. ‘There was nothing more to tell, and anyway, I can't always be the saddest bastard. Also…’ he peered at her from under a furrowed brow. ‘It sort of felt like you’ve been holding on to that for a long time.’

Hermione sighed. ‘Too long. I-I find it very difficult to talk about. Most of the time, I know I did the right thing, but it doesn't stop me from missing them terribly. It’s a strange feeling, mourning someone who’s still alive, you know?’

He didn’t respond, and Hermione realised that he did know. He probably understood better than anyone.

With the engine off, Aurora began to stir, squirming in her car seat for a few seconds before letting out a small, unhappy cry.

‘Shit.’ Malfoy glanced up at the glowing light on the dash. ‘She’s overdue for a feed. Probably a nappy change too.’

‘Bring her up to the flat,’ Hermione said quickly. ‘You can change and feed her there.’

Malfoy looked doubtful. ‘It’s only another few minutes to the Penthouse from here,’ he said, wincing as Aurora let out another plaintive cry.

‘What about Harry and Theo? They’ll be at the Penthouse.’

Malfoy opened his mouth and closed it again. ‘It’s three am,’ he said hesitantly. ‘I’m sure they’ll be… finished by now, won’t they?’

‘Can you guarantee that?’ Hermione raised a brow. ‘It’s their first date. What if you walk in right in the middle of the action? They left here talking about the jacuzzi. What if you accidentally get an eyeful of Theo’s bare bum… or Harry’s?’

Malfoy almost choked, visibly recoiling in horror as Hermione giggled.

‘Gods.’ He muttered. ‘You’re right. I can’t go back to the Penthouse.’

Hermione shrugged, unable to hide her pleased smile. ‘Well, you’ll have to come in then, won’t you?’



* * *



In her usual fashion, by the time they got up to the flat, Aurora had ramped up rapidly from 0-100 and was now sobbing loudly from her car seat, her face pink and screwed up. ‘It’s alright, my girl,’ Malfoy muttered, casting a silencing charm on the hallway as Hermione fumbled for her wand to unlock the door. ‘Daddy will feed you in just one second.’

Hermione eventually got the door open and they dived into the flat, Malfoy immediately dropping to his knees to unclick Aurora from the car seat. He pulled the screaming baby out and held her to his chest, clearly flustered by the volume of her cries.

‘Can I help?’ Hermione offered.

‘Nope.’ He didn’t look at her, beginning to root around in the baby bag while holding Aurora’s writhing body with his other arm. ‘I’m good.’

The brusqueness of his tone stung a little, but Hermione knew him well enough by now to understand this was how Malfoy got when Aurora was unhappy. He hated it.

‘Bollocks.’ He hissed. ‘I think I left her bottle in the car. I’ll need to go and fetch it.’

‘Don’t panic.’ Hermione reached for Aurora. ‘I’m here. I can wait with her for a moment.’

He dithered for a beat before nodding. ‘Okay. If you don’t mind.’

He handed Aurora to her carefully, pulling an apologetic face as she cried even louder, puce with indignation at the fact someone other than her father was holding her.

‘My goodness, Aurora,’ Hermione crooned. ‘You are fierce, aren’t you. Don’t worry, Daddy won’t be long.’ She rocked the baby gently, moving her up onto her shoulder and rubbing her back in slow soothing strokes.

Malfoy leaned in to plant a quick kiss on Aurora’s hot, red cheek. ‘I’ll be quick.’ He promised and then Disapparated with an alarmingly loud crack and a small twist of black smoke.

Hermione blinked at the empty space he’d occupied, realising that she’d never seen Malfoy Apparate before. It was… aggressive. Within seconds he was back, appearing in the same space with a full bottle of milk and a lilac muslin cloth.

He removed the stasis charm from the bottle and reached for Aurora, gently transferring her from Hermione’s arms into his own as he guided the teat to her mouth. Aurora latched on instantly, taking the milk down in huge, greedy gulps, her silver eyes still filled with tears. Hermione watched as Aurora reached up to clutch at the bottle over the top of Malfoy’s steadying hand and the size difference between their fingers made her heart squeeze.

He dropped to sit next to Hermione on the sofa, kissing away the wetness on Aurora’s cheeks and murmuring low, soothing words against the shell of her ear until slowly, the baby began to calm, her little chest hitching.

The room grew peaceful, the silence broken only by the buzzing of Hermione’s ancient fridgefreezer and Aurora’s enthusiastic gulps as she drained her bottle, her pink socked feet kneading into Hermione’s elbow where they poked over the side of her father’s bicep.

When she’d finished her bottle, Malfoy gently sat Aurora up on his lap, supporting her loosely under her chin with the burp cloth while he rubbed her back in slow circular motions. Now that her tummy was full, the baby seemed quite content, gurgling to herself and grabbing at her feet. She managed to pull one pink sock off in short order, grasping it in her fist and aiming it straight for her mouth.

‘Oh no, socks aren’t for eating, my darling.’ Malfoy smiled affectionately, intercepting the sock from her fist with the air of a man who had done the same thing many times before. He tucked the sock into his pocket and leaned down to pull a small rubber giraffe out from the baby bag instead.

‘Tu veux Sophie la girafe?’ He helped Aurora to coordinate her grip around the chew toy, guiding it carefully to her mouth where she eagerly began gumming down, gripping the giraffe tightly in dribble-soaked fingers.

They both watched her for a moment, Hermione smiling as Aurora grinned at her around her chew toy, Malfoy’s thumbs rubbing gently over Aurora’s leggings as he held her on his lap, resting his chin lightly on the fuzz of her blonde hair and watching the two of them interact.

Finally, Hermione raised her gaze to his, their eyes meeting for the first time since arriving back at the flat. His expression was pained again, almost as if it hurt him to look at her.

‘Draco,’ she began, at the exact same time that Malfoy said….’Granger, I-‘

She waited, looking up at him expectantly, but he seemed to be at a loss as to whatever came next.

‘Umm…coffee?’ She suggested, giving him an out. ‘Or, are you hungry? I could make you a sandwich?’

He grinned, clearly grateful for the reprieve. ‘I’ll never refuse one of your sandwiches, Granger. Not even at three am.’

Hermione was powerless not to smile back, the crinkles at the sides of Malfoy’s eyes slowly becoming her kryptonite.

She left him to change Aurora while she made the sandwiches, and by the time she returned to the sofa, the baby was clean and changed into a set of soft pink, floral print pyjamas.

Malfoy had moved to lie on his back on the floor, holding Aurora above his head and making her squeal with excitement as he lowered her carefully towards his face and blew raspberries onto her belly. Aurora giggled with delight, and it was one of the most beautiful sounds Hermione had ever heard, Malfoy’s answering rumble of laughter threatening to become a close second. She sipped her coffee and watched them together, her chest tight with something she couldn’t define.

Eventually, he sat up, effortlessly transfiguring the car seat into a small crib, and after several minutes of kisses and cuddles, he lay Aurora gently on her back inside. He tucked her blanket tightly around her and then rocked the crib slowly with one foot as he sipped his coffee and ate his sandwich. ‘Jesus Christ, it’s even better than I remember.’ He mumbled, groaning with pleasure after each ravenous bite as though he hadn’t eaten all day. Hermione thought, knowing Malfoy, he probably hadn’t.

She watched him finish up and took his plate, levitating it to the sink as Malfoy let his head drop onto the back of the sofa, his eyes falling closed as a small, satisfied smile spread across his face. Once again, body heat radiated steadily from him, and as she let herself relax against his side, Hermione slowly became aware that the warmth she could feel through his clothes was possibly more body heat than was strictly normal.

Now, with the right lighting, and time to really really look at him, she could see exactly how pale he was, the dark shadows carved deeply under his eyes.

Frowning, she reached a hand up to press the back of it against his forehead. He twitched, and before she could make contact, long, hot fingers were wrapped around her wrist, pulling her hand away. He opened his eyes to appraise her suspiciously.

‘What are you doing, Granger?’

‘You’ve got a temperature.’ Hermione hissed, mortified that she hadn’t noticed sooner. ‘You’re burning up.’

He began pulling away, moving to stand, but Hermione shot out her own hand, curling it in the front of his jumper and pulling him back down. He swore as he unbalanced, thumping onto the sofa next to her.

‘I’m too tired to fight with you again.’ He groaned. ‘It’s nearly four o'clock in the morning. I have to take my daughter home.’

‘You can take Aurora home, Draco.’ She replied evenly. ‘As soon as you’ve let me heal you. That’s the whole reason you came here in the first place isn’t it? It’s practically morning anyway. What difference does it make?’

He scowled. ‘You’re a bloody menace -’

Hermione huffed, rising from the sofa to point a finger at his chest. ‘Stay.’

Malfoy’s eyes went wide, his breath catching in his throat. Hermione hesitated, unsure if she’d gone too far, but he just swallowed thickly and nodded.

She dashed to the cupboard where she’d stored what she thought she’d need to treat the scar before Malfoy had arrived, gathering it quickly and returning to the sofa, half expecting him to have already grabbed Aurora and bolted.

He was still there, watching her with exhausted grey eyes, his expression wary.

Hermione forced herself to swallow a ‘good boy,’ certain that would be a step too far.

He watched silently as she sat down and opened up her medical bag on the small coffee table in front of them, taking out the things she’d prepared earlier - gauze, Dittany, cotton swabs and pain relief potion.

Leaning forwards, he pushed away the vial of pain relief, shaking his head. ‘No potions. Remember, I don’t take anything now I have Aurora.’

Hermione sighed, taking the vial from the table and sliding it back into the medical case without comment. They both knew a simple pain relief potion would do nothing to impair Malfoy’s ability to look after Aurora, but she didn’t want to do or say anything that might spook him.

‘Okay,’ she said quietly. ‘Are you ready? This won’t take long, and then you can go home.’

He sat up straighter, his eyes darting to Aurora, who was sleeping peacefully, the monitoring charms he’d cast glowing brightly above her head.

‘Draco?’

She watched his Adam’s apple bob, his expression reminding her of a rabbit in the headlights. Before he could change his mind, Hermione reached for his hand, sliding her own across the space between them to grasp his fingers.

Malfoy’s response to her touch was immediate, he stilled, his hand closing tightly around hers, eyes snapping to her face. ‘It’s okay,’ she promised. ‘We’ll go slow… I’ll be gentle with you.’ His eyes widened even further than before, the corner of his mouth twitching. Inexplicably though, he seemed to relax a little, blowing out a long breath.

‘Merlin, Granger… a-alright.’

He let go of her hand, reaching over his shoulder to pull his hoodie off in one tug, dragging it over his head and leaving his hair wild as he reappeared in just a soft grey fitted T-shirt. Hermione stiffened as she got her first look at his bare forearm, her stomach lurching violently as the truth of what Malfoy had been hiding came into view.

The soft expanse of his inner arm was mangled, each letter of the scar raw and vicious, much worse than it had been when Bellatrix first carved them into Hermione’s own skin.

His entire forearm was swollen and mottled, red lines of infection bleeding outwards down to his wrist and up to his elbow. She looked up at his face, realising for the first time the true power of Draco Malfoy’s inner strength. It went far beyond what she’d previously thought. He wasn’t just adept at hiding emotional pain. For him to have hidden this level of physical pain for days without potions nor Occlusion… it was just…

Hermione thought back to how he’d handled Aurora with ease, laying her over his arm casually, the way he’d hugged Hermione without flinching. There were no signs to indicate the agony he must have been in. She felt like she was going to cry, again.

Malfoy was watching her, his eyes narrowed. She tried her best to keep her emotions in check, to stop her tears from welling over as she cleared her dry throat. ‘Ridiculous man,’ she muttered and he smirked at that. Stomach swooping, Hermione suddenly found that she had to look away.



* * *



Hermione had healed plenty of people in her life, she’d been in emergency situations, her healing abilities the difference between life and death countless times.

But never had she felt anything even close to what she did now, sitting next to Draco Malfoy on her sofa as he watched her with cool grey eyes and she felt the warmth from his body, the sickly heat radiating from his infected forearm as she wrapped her fingers around his wrist and pulled his hand gently onto her lap.

Usually her patients were in a bed, not sitting opposite her and it made the angle slightly more difficult. Hermione needed to get closer to him in order to get his arm into position and so she shifted forwards as Malfoy turned towards her, bringing one knee up so that she could sit between his legs. She pulled his arm closer, resting it over her thigh. Malfoy had been pliant up to that point, letting her position him however she needed to, but he inhaled sharply as his fingers brushed her lower belly, fidgeting uncomfortably and pulling back a little.

‘Sit still.’ She murmured and he let out a soft laugh.

‘I’m trying to, I’m nervous.’

Hermione laughed too to cover her own terrible nerves. She was painfully aware of how close their faces were, Malfoy’s blonde fringe tickling her face as he bent his head to watch her.

‘I’m going to try and draw some of the infection out first,’ she said, her voice barely above a whisper. ‘It might sting a tiny bit.’ Malfoy nodded, swallowing noisily as his eyes slid up to hers, wide and grey and beautiful.

‘It’s okay,’ he murmured. ‘I trust you.’

Hermione’s stomach plummeted.

The tip of her wand trembled when she first placed it against his skin, terrified to hurt him any more than he must already be hurting.

Malfoy closed his eyes and somehow that was easier.

Hermione closed her own eyes so she didn’t have to look at the mess of his arm as she began to recite the incantation she needed, moving her wand instinctively along the first line in the scrawled letters she knew the exact shape of intimately, without having to see them.

He sucked in a breath as she felt the pull of the spell beginning to work, his fingers flexing against her belly.

Hermione paused, her heart pounding as she looked up at him. He was already trembling, small beads of sweat standing out at his temples. Something was wrong. The spell shouldn’t hurt that much, not straight away and certainly not alongside the pain minimising charm she’d simultaneously cast.

‘Draco?’ She whispered. ‘Are you alright?’

‘Yep,’ he gritted out. ‘It’s just the Black magic being cunty. I’m fine.’ Hermione waited, uncertain.

‘Keep going.’ He urged, and Hermione grit her teeth and nodded. forcing herself to continue moving her wand over the violent slashes of each letter.

D…O...O...L...B

As her wand slowly began trailing over the round curve of the B, Malfoy let out a small whimper, the sound forced through his teeth. Hermione stopped, glancing up at him.

His head was tipped back, the runes below his ear pulled taut over the straining tendons in his throat, his pulse fluttering rapidly.

‘I’m almost done.’ She promised. ‘I’m sorry.’

D….U

He screwed his eyes shut as she began on the M, one tear slowly squeezing out from the corner of his eye and trailing down his cheek. Hermione so desperately wanted to stop and wipe the tear away, but Malfoy needed her to finish. Her scar was poisoning him.

She forced herself to continue, moving her hand up, down, up and finally down again over the M, her wand vibrating with the power of the malevolent, dark magic that was reacting so violently with Malfoy’s blood.

She could feel it fighting her, trying to writhe away from her wand tip and back into his body. Gritting her own teeth, Hermione concentrated her magic, envisioning it pouring into the wound and through Malfoy’s veins, wrapping around the burning heat of Bellatrix’s curse, cool and good and powerful in its own way.

Gently but firmly, Hermione pulled her wand back, pulling the infection with it. One more tug of resistance, and then there was a release, finally some give, as the curse let go of Malfoy’s body and the infection was pulled into her wand.



With a gasp of relief, Hermione dropped the wand onto the sofa, and Malfoy immediately leaned forward, almost bent in half, panting raggedly as he groaned into her lap.

‘I’m so sorry, Draco,’ she whispered, petting over his hair with a trembling hand. ‘I’m sorry. I didn’t know it would hurt so badly.’

‘No,’ he gasped, breathing like he’d run a marathon. ‘It’s good, I feel better. I just - I just need a sec.’

Hermione waited as he panted a moment longer before eventually pushing himself into a slumped sitting position so she could get a good look at his arm.

Already, it appeared so much better, the swelling reduced, the threads of infection pulled back inwards. ‘Bloody hell,’ he murmured, looking down at his arm. ‘You actually did it.’

‘What do you mean?’ Hermione breathed, caught short by the disbelief in his tone. ‘You didn’t think I could?’

He laughed and there was already much more colour in his face, his eyes bright despite the purple bruises from his football tussle still shadowing underneath them. ‘Well-‘ he began. ‘It’s not that exactly… it’s just…I expected the curse to fight you more than it did, that’s all.’ He shook his head, looking down at the soft skin between each letter. ‘I shouldn’t be surprised. You really are incredible in every way, aren’t you?’

Hermione didn’t know what to say to that.

They sat silently for a moment while Malfoy lay back to catch his breath and Hermione forced herself to stop shaking.

‘Right,’ he said eventually, slapping his knees. ‘I really had better get this little lady home.’ He rose to stand, taking one wobbly step before his whole body lurched backwards and he dropped heavily back down onto the sofa, looking surprised.

‘Shit.’ He frowned. ‘Sorry.’ He began pushing down on the cushions so he could attempt to stand again. This time Hermione had to steady him, taking hold of his elbow as he wobbled precariously, almost overbalancing and taking Hermione out with him. ‘For fucks sake.’ He sighed, slumping back down. ‘What's this now?’

‘Draco,’ Hermione said gently. ‘The type of healing you just endured is very draining on your body’s resources. It’s five am. I think you might need to rest before you do anything else.’

He opened bloodshot eyes to look over at Aurora who was dozing peacefully in the cot. ‘I do feel a bit weird…’ he admitted. ’A bit… spinny, like that time I passed out at the hospital.’

Hermione nodded, Malfoy was showing all signs of a magical drain - his body had been subconsciously battling her as the scar resisted her healing magic. Combine that with the fact that he’d had absolutely no sleep for twenty four hours and there was no way he would want to take his precious baby anywhere near a car.

‘Why don’t you stay an hour or two, Draco? Sleep on the sofa.’

He frowned. ‘Really?’

‘Yes. Harry hasn’t come home and it’s nearly morning. I really don’t think you’re safe to be driving yet.’

Malfoy’s eyes were already fighting to close. ‘But…Aurora.’ He murmured groggily.

‘She’s right here.’ Hermione soothed. ‘She’s safe and she’s fast asleep. Just relax. I won’t leave either of you.’

Giving in, he slumped against her, his body going lax. ‘Mmkay, Granger.’ The words were mumbled. ‘Healer’s orders then. If you think... Just.. just five…minutes...’

Hermione smiled, thinking about what Theo had said about Malfoy always doing what she told him to. She patted his arm gently. ‘Good boy.’

He snorted, but relaxed further, dropping his head onto her shoulder. Hermione waited, listening as his breathing began to even out, his body becoming heavier and heavier, his hands unclenching from where they’d been fisted on his thighs.

‘I’ll be back.’ She whispered, lifting his head and wriggling out gingerly from underneath him. She dimmed the lights before leaving to fetch the warm blankets she kept at the end of her bed, quickly stopping off to brush her teeth and change into her own pyjamas.

By the time she returned, Malfoy had turned onto his side, his body curved inwards, his knees bent. One hand lay cushioned beneath his head, the other rested between the bars of Aurora’s crib, which he’d pulled closer to the sofa so that his face was level with hers.



Aurora had also turned onto her side, one hand curled tightly around her father’s index finger. Both Malfoys were fast asleep, breathing peacefully in tandem.

The pang in Hermione’s chest was painful.

With a wistful sigh she very gently tucked Aurora’s blanket under her arms and then, unable to stop herself, she bent and carefully smoothed Draco’s hair away from his face, planting a soft, tender kiss on his cheek.

He stirred. ‘Granger?’

Hermione froze, waiting. He went silent for so long that she thought she must have imagined it. She turned and began padding towards her bedroom.

‘I meant what I said, you know.’

She turned. Malfoy’s eyes were still shut, the words mumbled so that Hermione had to move back towards him so she could hear. ‘What did you mean, Draco?’ She whispered.

‘Krum…’ The name was so quiet she had to bend over him, her hair falling in a curtain over his face. ‘If he ever does anything to hurt you… I’ll fucking kill him.’

Hermione’s heart beat so loudly in her chest that she was surprised Malfoy couldn’t hear it. She blinked into the darkness, her hands gripping the arm of the sofa tightly.

‘Draco,’ she whispered. ‘Viktor… We aren’t… he’s not...’

But Malfoy couldn’t hear her. He’d fallen fast asleep, his breathing slow and even as his body relaxed and his mouth grew soft, his bottom lip pouting gently in an exact mirror of the beautiful baby girl sleeping next to him.

Hermione stepped back, her pulse fluttering frantically. Why did it feel so important that Malfoy knew she wasn’t with Viktor? What did she expect him to do with that information?

She looked down at him once more, at the pale fall of blonde hair spread over the cushion, the long lashes splayed over pale cheeks, then down to the hand his daughter held, his platinum wedding band gleaming in the moonlight.

Hermione shook her head, forcing herself to turn back towards her bedroom.

No matter what she was beginning to feel, whatever this inexplicable pull was between them, Draco Malfoy was not someone she could let herself want.

Because, as long as he wore that ring on his finger, Malfoy still belonged to Astoria, whether he knew it or not.



Chapter End Notes

😭😭 Sorry for another emotional one!

Poor Hermione has fallen HARD and she knows it!

The next chapters will show D and H growing closer as their bond solidifies and they support each other to move forward in their lives. We will also see the friendship groups collide and Draco make some big decisions for his and Aurora’s future.

(We also have an upcoming big birthday for Draco which will be a key moment for the plot!)

Thank you again for reading!





Chapter 18: Should tumble and fall


Chapter Notes

Hellooooooo!!!! I’m so sorry for the delay on this chapter. Work has been full on recently and the next few weeks look set to be worse. Hopefully it won’t affect chapters too much, but if there’s a slight delay that’s why.

Thank you so much for the lovely comments on the last chapter! It makes me so happy to see that others share the love I have for these characters whom I adore so much. Every one makes me smile!

I’m so grateful for the interaction on this story, and if you’d like to chat with me, Stand By Me also has a Discord channel on Wizarding World WIPs where I’m around to discuss everything and anything!

Thank you so much for your patience with this chapter! I really hope you all enjoy!

Lots of love

Nicky x



See the end of the chapter for more notes



The weeks after the visit to Narcissa quickly evolved into a routine.

Evidently, Theo and Harry’s first date had gone well because afterwards they became inseparable - any time they weren’t at work they were together, out on dates or going between the flat and the Penthouse.

As a result, Hermione spent more time than ever with Malfoy and Aurora and when they came back from Italy, Blaise and Pansy too.

Pansy was particularly pleased with the development, squealing with happiness when she and Blaise returned home and she discovered what had happened in their three- week absence.

‘Finally!’ She’d gushed, kissing Harry on both cheeks. ‘Prepare yourself to be worshipped, darling. Our Theo is an incorrigible romantic.’

‘He’s a horny git.’ Malfoy had muttered.

‘That too.’ Pansy’s expression was that of a proud mother. ‘You’re a lucky man, Harry Potter.’

Blaise had taken the news a little more in his stride, giving only a knowing smirk as he shook Harry’s hand. ‘Another Gryffindor in the circle of trust.’ He mused. ‘Who would have thought it?’

When Harry and Theo weren’t busy mauling each other, they hosted drinks nights and dinners. Harry cooked while Theo manhandled him, glued to his side under the pretence of learning, although anyone with a pair of eyes could see that Theo was far more of a hindrance than a help.

The new couple seemed content to endure company while they ate, but as the night progressed, they would inevitably end up entangled on the sofa, their tongues in each other’s mouths, slowly becoming less and less aware that they were in a room full of people.

Hermione found that she had never been so grateful for Muffliatos and Notice-me-nots. She actually thought Malfoy was going to cry the first time he overheard Theo whispering in Harry’s ear about their plans for later that night. He had been sitting next to them on the sofa, his eyes slowly widening in shock as the men on his other side began laughing quietly before apparently attempting to devour each other right there in the living area. He’d stared over at Hermione helplessly as she giggled and invited him back to the flat for coffee instead.

Malfoy had risen from the sofa, scooping Aurora from her playmat and Accioing his coat.

‘You two,’ he’d muttered grimly, pointing between Harry and Theo. ‘Are filthy. Never in my life have I heard anything so…’ he’d shaken his head, blinking slowly in disbelief. ‘And in the presence of my daughter, too.’

Theo had laughed out loud as Harry failed to hide a smile behind his hand. ‘She couldn’t hear us,’ Theo shrugged. ‘And she wouldn’t have understood even if she did, she’s not even six months old, Malfoy.’

Malfoy had clutched Aurora to his chest, pressing their cheeks together. ‘She’s very intelligent.’ He’d muttered seriously as Aurora grinned at Theo, who was pulling faces at her from the couch. ‘She picks up on more than you’d think. And anyway, I could hear you, and I am traumatised.’

After that, Hermione often had Malfoy and Aurora spending hours at hers, Malfoy’s guilt over invading Theo’s space seemingly superseding his guilt about turning up at her flat unannounced. He always brought flowers or Percy Pigs or a bottle of her favourite wine, and Hermione, who had inadvertently started waiting hopefully for a pull on the wards, did her best to control her thrill of anticipation any time she opened the door to find him standing there.

Thankfully, since the night he’d broken down, Malfoy seemed to have turned a corner. He immersed himself in fatherhood, his relationship with Aurora going from strength to strength. He pored over the books Hermione brought him on baby development, tracking each one of Aurora’s milestones with fervour, taking endless pictures for her album, his joy evident as he annotated each photo and affixed it to the extra pages he charmed so that he could fit them all in.

He continued visiting his mother regularly, and appeared to have finally committed to therapy, coming back each time pale-faced and grumpy, his hands fisted at his sides. After half an hour or so, he would allow Hermione or Pansy to give him a hug and then sit murmuring quietly to Aurora until he came around.

Hermione insisted on checking Malfoy’s scar often, ensuring that it continued to heal. Every time he allowed her to look, it had improved. The raw skin had gradually become paler, the slashes less violent, the hateful letters slowly sealing themselves under his skin, irrevocable evidence of the bond that Malfoy’s actions had forged between them.

Hermione felt that bond like a physical thing, forcing herself to ignore the ever-present ache in her chest, the tether that seemed to pull her thoughts directly to wherever Draco Malfoy might be at any given time, day or night. Try as she might, Hermione couldn’t forget the way he’d looked at her as she healed him that first night, the colour of his eyes up close, how he’d shivered when she’d told him she’d be gentle.

But Malfoy never mentioned what she’d heard the night they’d visited Narcissa, and he didn't bring up Viktor again. Hermione didn’t know how to tell him she wasn’t interested in pursuing things with Viktor without making it obvious how much she wanted him to know, and so the words remained stuck in her throat, clogging her airways, growing harder and harder to vocalise the longer time went on.



* * *



May rolled in, warm and welcoming after a particularly cold April.

That Sunday morning Hermione had been working in the kitchen of the flat, completing the final edits of her research project, when she felt a gentle pull on the wards indicating what she had come to recognise as Malfoy’s familiar magical signature.

She quickly rolled up the parchment she’d been working on and stashed it out of sight, running her fingers through her hair as she padded to the door.

Malfoy stood in the hallway, levitating two takeaway coffees out in front of him, one hand protectively cradling Aurora’s head where she was nestled in her carrier, fast asleep on his chest.

He looked casual yet polished in a navy collared T-shirt and dark trousers, his hair still damp from the shower and swept back from his face, immaculate, other than the scar on his arm and a nasty red scuff mark that swelled beneath his left eye.

‘Draco,’ Hermione sighed. ‘Seriously, are you ever going to get through a single football match without finding a reason to fight?’

He grinned, stepping towards her and bending to give her a kiss on the cheek.

‘The other guy started it.’ He said, closing his eyes and smirking as he allowed Hermione to reach up and stroke her fingers gently over the tender skin below his eye. She huffed, turning to fetch the dittany and cotton wool from where she kept them within easy reach in her kitchen cupboard.

He waited patiently as Hermione poured some ointment onto a cotton ball and dabbed it carefully over his tender cheekbone. ‘This is supposed to be my day off,’ she tutted, grasping his chin gently to tilt his head left and right, checking for any more injuries. ‘I didn’t actually sign up to be your personal Healer-on-demand, Draco.’

Grey eyes flashed open and a wicked smile curved one side of his mouth, even as he attempted to look contrite.

‘Thug.’ She grumbled, doing her best not to smile back even as her traitorous heart skipped a beat. This time, Malfoy laughed out loud, giving up any pretence of remorse.

‘It’s stress relief.’ He flicked a hand to set the coffees down on her kitchen counter. ‘Everyone needs a way to blow off steam.’

Hermione shook her head. ‘I’m sure you can think of a better way.’ She said, blushing when Malfoy’s eyes snapped to hers and then immediately flicked away as their gaze unexpectedly met. She watched his Adam’s apple bob and stepped back, suddenly aware of how close they were standing.

‘How’s the presentation going?’ He asked, honing in on the biscuit tin she’d fetched and now offered him, reaching inside and predictably coming out with two custard creams (Hermione absolutely did not buy them specifically because they were Malfoy’s favourite).

‘It’s mostly done, other than a few minor edits.’

‘You know the offer still stands if you need someone to check it over. I’m more than happy to take a look.’ Malfoy took a bite of his biscuit.

‘No!’ The word tumbled out a little too quickly.

‘Thanks, but I don’t think I can look at it again without going mad.’

He held her eye for a moment, chewing slowly, a tiny frown creasing between his brows as he swallowed. ‘Alright. But I’m always here if you change your mind. It’s due on Wednesday?’

Hermione nodded, once again assaulted by the familiar rush of anxiety that hit her every time she thought about presenting her proposal.

She’d worked hard on it, spent weeks going over her research and her budgeting, ensuring her numbers were sound. She’d collated a huge amount of evidence from the Muggle world to back up her projections for a magical equivalent, had pored over every bit of scholarly information she could access, confident that she would be able to answer any question the board threw at her, and positive she could prove that what she was proposing would make a significant difference to Magical maternity care. But she would need a lot to make it happen, money, staff, time. She didn’t know if St Mungo’s even had the resources she would require in order to go ahead with her project. She worried she’d been too ambitious before she’d even gotten out of the starting gate.

‘Granger,’ Malfoy’s voice pulled her out of her spiral. ‘You can do this, alright? I’ve seen how hard you’ve worked the last few weeks, and I know that your presentation will be better than anything they’ve seen at St Mungo’s before. You’re Hermione bloody Granger for fucks sake, they’re lucky to have you even working there. Don’t doubt yourself, even for a second.’

Hermione’s throat tightened. Malfoy sounded so unbelievably genuine. He’d said the words with such conviction that she couldn’t bring herself to voice her doubts aloud, especially not when he was looking at her like that - as though he so badly wanted her to succeed, even though he had no idea what her presentation was about.

‘We’ll find out on Wednesday, I suppose.’ She said instead, forcing a lightness into her voice.

‘Also, not that I mind, but why are you here so early? You’re still coming out for lunch later, aren’t you?’

Malfoy's face darkened almost comically, and Hermione had to hold back a smile.

The week before, Harry had made the huge step of inviting Theo out for Sunday dinner with their friends, something Hermione had planned weeks ago to coincide with Ginny’s next visit home.

Theo had looked suitably horrified for a beat before the gravity of the gesture sank in, and then he’d flushed uncharacteristically, smiling against the pleased curve of Harry’s mouth when he’d pulled him in for a passionate kiss.

Theo obviously wanted to go, but had insisted on Malfoy coming too, adamant he needed emotional support if he was going to be spending the afternoon in a pub full of Gryffindors.

‘Of course,’ Harry’d agreed. ‘Malfoy was always invited. Pansy and Blaise also, if they’re free.’

Malfoy had baulked violently at the suggestion, but he’d inevitably succumbed to Theo’s pleas, unable to refuse the ‘you know I’d do it for you,’ card. He’d relented reluctantly, however, grumbling something about being stupid enough to voluntarily enter the lion's den.

Delighted, Theo had grabbed Malfoy’s face and kissed him too, a brief but enthusiastic peck on the lips that had Malfoy cackling with surprise and Harry yanking Theo back by the waist, eyes flashing with barely suppressed possessiveness even as he’d laughed along with Malfoy.

‘Don’t be jealous, Harry,’ Theo had turned in Harry’s arms, smirking. ‘And don’t think that’s the first time we’ve kissed, either. How do you suppose I perfected my excellent kissing technique? Draco had a positively sinful mouth before he was betrothed, perfect for practising on.’

Harry’s expression had matched exactly how Hermione felt at the thought of Theo and Malfoy learning how to kiss by kissing each other whilst at Hogwarts - shocked, intrigued and also… yes, definitely a little envious too.

She’d looked at Malfoy, who had turned far too pink for Theo to be lying. ‘Like Nott said,’ he’d shrugged. ‘We were inexperienced, ridiculously sheltered teenage boys, it was solely for research purposes, making sure we were good kissers before unleashing ourselves on anyone else.’

Heat flushed low in Hermione’s belly at the confirmation, and Harry looked about set to combust.

‘It hasn’t… you’re not… you don’t like men, though, do you, Malfoy? I didn’t think…’

Both Malfoy and Theo had laughed at that.

‘No, Potter,’ Malfoy drawled, but he’d been looking at Hermione when he continued. ‘I’m definitely, definitely into women. I was being a good friend, that’s all.’

‘Fuck.’ Harry had scrubbed a hand over his face as he’d looked between the two men, his pupils like pennies. ‘That’s… fuck…’

A moment later, he’d dragged Theo desperately down the hallway to his bedroom, shoving a smirking Theo into the room and slamming the door so hard behind them that it juddered on its hinges.

And so, plans had been made.

This Sunday was to be the official blending of the friendship groups. Malfoy, Aurora and Theo were meeting Hermione and Harry at the Leaky Cauldron at one, along with Ron, Padma and their children, Luna and her son, Atlas, Seamus and Dean, Neville and Hannah. Pansy and Blaise were going to try to come later, unable to get out of a prior engagement.

All week, Hermione had been anticipating the lunch, nervous about how Harry would manage to mix two groups of people with such different backgrounds and such fraught history.

‘We’re still coming,’ Malfoy said now, unclipping Aurora, who had awoken and was wriggling impatiently in her baby carrier. ‘Theo would kill me if I didn’t.’

Hermione stepped forward and helped him wrangle Aurora out, giving the baby a little kiss on the top of her head as she greeted her. She looked adorable in a set of soft baby blue leggings and a collared white top, the scalloped edges of the collar sewn with matching blue thread. Aurora’s socks were white today, little frilly ankle socks with pale blue bows affixed to the sides.

Hermione wondered again if it was Malfoy who chose Aurora’s clothes or if Pansy did all her shopping. The baby was always so impeccably dressed, her outfits always perfectly matched, whilst always being cosy and comfortable enough for her delicate baby skin. Somehow, she had a feeling it was him.

Malfoy pulled the blanket from the back of the couch and spread it out on the floor, taking Aurora back and sitting down, propping her in a seated position between his spread legs. Aurora immediately leaned forward, making a grab for Sophie La Girafe, whom Malfoy had produced from his pocket and held out in front of her, encouraging her to reach for it.

‘She’s so close to sitting unaided,’ Hermione marvelled. ‘I can’t believe how quickly she’s growing up.’

‘Don’t.’ He muttered miserably, leaning back to allow Aurora to support herself whilst remaining just behind her - a safe place for his little girl to land if she did happen to fall. His expression was pained as he dropped a kiss into her white blonde fluff.

‘I need her to slow down. Before long, she’ll be ready to disappear off to Hogwarts and I’ll still be wanting to spend every second with her, not ready to let her out of my sight.’ He looked distraught, and the ache in Hermione’s chest intensified in sympathy.

She took a final sip of her coffee and then moved to sit opposite him on the floor, crossing her legs and smiling at Aurora, using one finger to tickle the sole of the baby’s foot. Aurora giggled and reached towards her. Hermione moved closer and lowered herself to her elbows, allowing Aurora’s little hands to explore her face.

‘Ah, I actually just wanted to talk to you about something.’ Malfoy said from above, sounding hesitant. Hermione peeked up at him, her attention caught by the seriousness in his tone.

‘Are you okay?’ Hermione took hold of Aurora’s hands, clapping them gently together, distracting her from trying to jab a tiny finger up her nose.

Malfoy looked agonised, chewing the inside of his cheek. ‘I’m okay…it’s just that I’ve made rather a big decision, and I wanted to tell someone, I guess...talking to the Mind Healer has confirmed that I have to do this if I ever want to have any hope of moving on.’

Hermione’s pulse sped up immediately, her eyes darting down to where Malfoy’s hand twitched on his thigh, ready to make a grab for Aurora if she toppled. His wedding ring was still there, shining from its usual place on the third finger of his left hand.

‘Okay…’ she said slowly, giving him time to say whatever it was that had him so anxious.

He moved on to biting his lower lip, still apparently trying to figure out how to tell her.

Hermione waited, used to his long silences after six months of friendship. Malfoy had a habit of sorting slowly through his thoughts before vocalising them, always so careful with his words.

‘I’ve decided to sell the manor.’ He said eventually, appearing relieved to have just come out with it.

Although that had been the last thing Hermione had been expecting him to say, she found herself deflating slightly before the weight of his meaning actually hit her.

‘Wait,’ she held up a hand. ‘You’re planning to sell your ancestral family home? A property that’s been passed through your bloodline for generations. The place you were born and have lived in your entire life?’

‘Yes… well, I was planning to auction it, actually. Donate the money to charity.’ Malfoy sighed, shaking his head. ‘I can’t… I can’t live there again, Granger. I can't raise Aurora in a house where Voldemort murdered people in the dining room, where you were tortured and my mother was…’ he cut himself off, taking in a shaking breath. ‘Where my father hung himself, and where Astoria…’ his eyes suddenly glistened, his voice tight with emotion. ‘I can’t.’ He said quietly. ‘I keep picturing Astoria there alone, scared and likely bleeding, knowing that she was either about to lose our baby or die herself. She must have been so terrified, and I wasn’t there. It fucking kills me.’

He was panting a little, his chest hitching like he was about to descend into a panic attack.

‘Draco,’ Hermione put a hand on his arm, squeezing in an attempt to ground him. ‘It’s okay, love. Breathe.’

He put his own hand over hers, gripping it tightly as he inhaled deeply several times, getting himself back under control.

‘So many people I love have suffered in that house, Granger. So many people I either couldn’t or didn’t help. I can’t stand it. Any time I’ve had to go back there, it’s like the walls are closing in on me, worse than when I was in Azkaban.

I need something good to come from the manor’s existence. I think that the amount of land alone could raise good galleons, even if they burned the fucking building to the ground.’

He finally stopped, taking in a ragged breath as he watched her face with dark, anxious eyes, seemingly waiting for her to speak.

‘Draco… I understand,’ Hermione began. ‘I think that’s an excellent way for you to make a fresh start…’ She paused, unable to continue without asking. ‘But how will you physically untether yourself from the manor? How will you make it safe for another family to potentially live there? I’m sorry, but it’s well known there’s a lot of dark magic tied into the foundations of that house, I don’t think it will let you go that easily.’

He sagged at her words, resignation stealing the light from his eyes. ‘You’re right, and I don’t actually know, yet. I haven’t gotten that far. I’m waiting on Blaise to come back to me on the legal implications first, what kind of paperwork it will entail to remove myself from the deeds, etcetera. In terms of dark magic…I need to build up my tolerance for being at the manor first, spend more time there so I can figure out what kind of spells tie my blood to the place and if I can break them.’ He nodded down at Hermione’s bare forearm. ‘I’ve done it once, who’s to say I can’t do it again?’

Hermione stared at him in disbelief. Between them, an oblivious Aurora babbled happily, chewing on the head of her giraffe. One of her socks had come off, and Malfoy distractedly picked it up, pushing it into his pocket. ‘Have you forgotten how badly my scar hurt you, Draco?’ Hermione gasped. ‘The magic I pulled from your arm was dark, it was angry that you’d taken it from its intended target. Do you really think Malfoy Manor is going to just give up the last of its bloodline just like that? You won’t even have a glass of wine in case it impairs your ability to look after Aurora or your mum, but you’ll gladly put yourself at risk of ancient curses, again?’

Hermione forced herself to soften her voice as Malfoy flinched, already pulling away. She tightened her fingers around his, preventing him from letting go.

‘Granger,’ he said, his voice low, his eyes hard as they held her gaze, unwavering. ‘Everything I do is for the people I love. Everything.’

‘I know.’ The words came out barely above a whisper, her chest constricted by the weight of Malfoy’s words.

‘I’m doing this for Aurora. I don’t want her to be tied to the manor the way I have been. I want to give her a fresh start, somewhere safe and happy,’ he gestured around Hermione’s small flat. ‘Somewhere like this. I love it here. I feel the warmth of this place pouring through my veins whenever I cross the wards, I want this for Aurora. I want...’ he cut himself off, closing his eyes as he bit back whatever he’d been going to say.

Hermione swallowed past the lump in her throat as she thought back to the pompous teenage boy who had strutted around Hogwarts so many years ago, bragging about his blood status, his wealth, his family's power.

The man in front of her was so far away from those things, so full of love, so selfless, so kind - he was so beautiful it hurt Hermione to look at him.

Malfoy opened his eyes again slowly, fixing them on her face, as though her opinion meant something, as though he needed her blessing even though she was no one important in the scheme of his life, not really.

‘Just promise me you’ll do it properly,’ she said. ‘Get help from the Aurors. Promise me you won’t get hurt, Draco. Your family needs you, your friends need you. I n-‘

‘You what, Granger?’ He demanded quietly, suddenly leaning forward so their faces were just inches apart, his grey eyes searching hers over the top of Aurora's head. ‘What do you even-‘

‘Hey, fuckers!’

The sound of the door banging open made them both jump, springing apart.

Harry paused in the doorway, clearly sensing that he and Theo had interrupted something, but Theo had spotted Aurora on the floor and paid Hermione and Malfoy no mind, striding across the room and diving flat onto his belly next to her.

‘Roary! Where’ve you been?’ He asked, pulling Aurora towards him. ‘Uncle Theo missed you after football.’

Aurora shrieked with excitement, giggling uncontrollably as Theo pretended to be some sort of animal, digging his face into her soft belly to make her squirm.

Hermione scrambled to stand, moving quickly out of the way of Theo’s long legs. She greeted Harry with a hug, still not quite able to look at Malfoy, her heart still fluttering after the tension of the minutes before.

From his place on the blanket, Theo suddenly yelped in pain. ‘Ahh, Malfoy!’ He called. ‘She’s got my hair. Get her off… ‘ he twisted on the ground.

Aurora had clearly and predictably made the most of the unrestricted access she’d had to Theo’s head and had managed to tangle her little fingers in his curls, his dark hair wrapped firmly around both hands.

‘Malfoy!’ Theo called again, giving a pained-sounding laugh as Aurora continued enthusiastically pulling on large fistfuls of his hair. ‘Call off your daughter. She’s hurting me!’

‘No can do, sorry, Nott.’ Malfoy smirked, sitting back and making no attempt to help Theo extricate himself from Aurora’s sticky grip. ‘I’ve been training her up. She’s in attack mode now.’

Theo laughed nervously again, his eyes squeezed shut as he reached up blindly to try and free himself. ‘Congrats. She’s bloody lethal.’ He gritted out as above him, Aurora squealed with joy, thoroughly enjoying the game.

‘Come on, babe.’ Harry laughed from next to her. ‘You’re getting your arse handed to you by a six-month-old.’

Theo opened one blue eye, raising a hand to give Harry the finger. ‘Thanks for the moral support, babe.’ He panted, and Hermione giggled.

With a sigh, Malfoy eventually gave in, reaching for Aurora and carefully untangling her fingers from Theo’s hair, pulling several brown strands out from the tight circle of her chubby fist.

‘Be gentle, my darling.’ He said quietly. ‘We must have kind hands, like this, see?’ He gently directed Aurora’s hand to his own face, guiding her to stroke her little palm over his cheek, his large hand completely enveloping her smaller one. Aurora thought this was also hilarious, and she giggled as Malfoy laughed too, stroking her hand over his cheek and repeating, ‘kind hands, kind hands, okay?’ He smirked. ‘Unless it’s a boy and then you have daddy’s permission to hex his balls off.’

‘Uh, Malfoy.’ Harry said from the kitchen. ‘I thought we weren’t allowed to use the word balls around Aurora?’ He smirked. ‘You told Theo and me off last time.’

Without missing a beat, Malfoy sent a wandless stinging jinx at Harry, who dodged it and laughed.

Theo sat up, looking dishevelled, his hair sticking up where Aurora had yanked it. He rubbed the top of his head, grumbling. ‘Merlin, she’s got a good grip for a little one.’

He stood up and reached down, taking Aurora from Malfoy and nestling her in his arms. ‘Good skills, Babygirl.’ He murmured. ‘You’re tough, aren’t you, Roary?’

‘Don’t call her that.’ Malfoy dusted himself off as he also rose to stand. ‘You know I hate it.’

‘It’s cute.’ Theo argued. ‘Plus, it suits her when she’s in Malfoy mode.’ Malfoy said nothing, simply raising one blonde eyebrow.

‘Is everyone almost ready to go?’ Harry asked, suddenly looking a little nervous. ‘Lunch is booked in half an hour and it’s a ten-minute walk from here.’

Hermione gasped, realising the time. ‘I just need to jump in the shower,’ she said. ‘I won’t be long.’

She left the three men and Aurora in the sitting area while she grabbed a towel and her clothes, disappearing into the bathroom to get ready.

She washed her hair quickly, her mind working over the conversation with Malfoy as she rinsed and conditioned, trying and failing to predict where it might have taken them if they hadn’t been interrupted.

Hermione dried herself off magically, squeezing as much moisture out of her hair as she could before adding in some curl-defining cream and going through her basic make-up routine, adding an extra slick of mascara and some lip gloss.

She’d gone for a sundress today, with the weather being unseasonably warm. It meant her arms were bare and that her friends were going to see her unblemished skin, as well as the scar on Malfoy’s forearm for the first time.

She’d told Padma, Ginny and Luna about her complex friendship with Malfoy weeks ago, trusting the information to filter through to the men. She’d explained carefully how they had grown closer after she’d supported him through Aurora’s birth and the aftermath of Astoria’s death. She’d explained his reasons for taking her scar, told them how much he’d changed in the years since the war.

The reaction had been mixed, everyone but Luna reacting with disbelief that Hermione was so willing to forgive Malfoy for their past and that he had changed so much that he’d be willing to do something so personally detrimental. It had taken her several hours to explain their friendship, longer for her friends to accept it, but ultimately, they all had their own lives, and Hermione was thirty years old. Her friends had the choice to either accept that Malfoy and Theo were now part of their group, or to push Harry and Hermione away. Thankfully, the unanimous decision seemed to be that life had moved on over the past decade, and so could they.

However, she was nervous about how the group would react to actually seeing her scar on Malfoy’s arm, knowing it was bound to bring up some difficult emotions for everyone. She hoped, for Harry’s sake, that both sides were able to forgive if not completely forget.

Hermione paused to look at herself in the mirror before leaving the bathroom. She eyed herself critically, smoothing down the pale yellow fabric of her dress, adjusting the thin shoulder straps and fiddling with the bow at the back that tied it in place.

Finally, having run out of time, she left the bathroom to rejoin Harry, Theo and Malfoy in the lounge.





* * *



‘Bloody hell, Granger.’ Theo blurted as she stepped out of the hallway, disentangling himself from Harry’s arms long enough to give a low, appreciative whistle. Harry smiled, untucking his face from Theo’s neck, green eyes soft. ‘Beautiful as always, Mione.’

Hermione looked down, confused. She hadn’t thought the outfit was anything special, it was a simple sundress, cut to the knee, nothing scandalous. She’d only chosen it because she liked the yellow shade against her olive skin.

Malfoy was on the floor, apparently just having finished changing Aurora. He was rising to stand when Theo whistled, glancing over to Hermione and suddenly going very still.

Hermione felt rooted to the spot as his grey eyes travelled over her from head to toe, slowly, as though he couldn’t look away. He blinked hazily, his gaze trailing over her damp curls and down, dipping into the slight swell of her breasts before following the curve of her waist and then sweeping down her bare legs and up again, meeting her eyes briefly before flicking quickly away. His lips parted slightly as if he was going to say something, but no sound came out. Hermione swallowed heavily, her tongue darting out to self-consciously lick over her glossed lips. Malfoy followed the movement of her tongue, a muscle ticking in his jaw, his nostrils flaring.

Behind them, Harry cleared his throat ‘Are we ready?’ He asked, fiddling with the collar of his shirt and running a hand anxiously through his hair.

From his side, Theo’s blue eyes flashed knowingly as he raised his eyebrows at Malfoy. ‘She looks incredible, doesn’t she, Draco?’

There was a long pause, and Hermione felt her cheeks flush, embarrassed by the unexpected attention. ‘Uh, yes.’ Malfoy’s voice came out a little hoarse. ‘You look… erm, lovely, Granger.’

Theo rolled his eyes, apparently dissatisfied with Malfoy’s response. Harry didn’t seem to have noticed. He was uncharacteristically quiet, distracted, even as Theo reached a hand up to his cheek and cupped his jaw to kiss him softly on the lips. ‘Are you okay?’ He asked, and Harry nodded, worrying at his lower lip.

‘I’m good. I just don’t want to be late, let’s go.’

Malfoy was still standing motionless on the blanket when Hermione turned back to him.

‘Draco?’ She called. ‘Are you coming?’ He blinked, grey eyes slowly coming back into focus, clutching Aurora tighter to his chest.

‘Yes,’ he muttered. ‘I’m.. yes. I’ll be right there.’



* * *



They left the flat a few minutes later, stopping briefly so Malfoy could grab Aurora’s pram from the car and load it up with everything he thought he’d need to get her through lunch. He tucked a blanket around the dozing baby, smoothing her hair back from her face. ‘Let’s do this, then.’ He muttered, waiting for Harry and Theo to walk before grasping onto the handle and falling into step next to Hermione.

The four of them meandered down the street together, making their way to the pub.

In front of Hermione and Malfoy, Harry and Theo held hands, walking silently. Theo’s eyes darted to look at Harry every few minutes, but Harry was quiet, his usual easy manner replaced by tense shoulders and a tight jaw. He smiled when Theo whispered something in his ear, squeezing his hand tighter as they got closer to the pub.

Hermione chattered aimlessly to a mostly silent Malfoy, who also seemed deep in thought, his own reticence obvious. ‘This feels unwise, Granger,’ he murmured as they approached the pub. ‘I can’t believe I’m actually doing this of my own volition.’

‘You’re doing this because you’re a good friend,’ Hermione smiled. ‘I think this means a lot to Theo.’

Malfoy nodded gravely. ‘I know it does. I’ve never seen him this happy with anyone.’

‘Lunch is going to be fine,’ Hermione said decisively, more for her own benefit than his. ‘It’s just Sunday dinner. How much drama can there be?’

‘Exactly,’ Theo said, turning around from in front of them. ‘It’s going to be great. We’re all going to have a wonderful time.’

Harry and Malfoy said nothing, their eyes meeting and holding as a skeptical look passed between them. ‘I’m sure you’re right, Theo,’ Malfoy agreed. ‘We’ll all be holding hands and singing by the time they bring dessert.’



* * *



To begin with, as they entered the pub, Hermione really thought Theo was right and the lunch was going to be far less awkward than she’d expected.

Her heart warmed when she saw her friends already sitting around the table, some of them with drinks, others with menus open in front of them. Ginny was deep in conversation with Dean and Seamus, motioning enthusiastically with her hand as she told them a story. Luna and Padma sat together, bouncing Fred and Atlas on their laps and chatting. Neville sat straight-backed next to Hannah, his pint pausing halfway to his mouth when he clocked them coming in, blue eyes fixing on Malfoy.

‘Oh, you’re here!’ Ginny called, breaking away from her conversation when she noticed them too. ‘Hi! Come and sit down.’

En masse, the group rose from the table to greet them, a flurry of shaken hands, hugs and air kisses ensuing.

Theo greeted each person warmly and enthusiastically, Harry’s hand remaining firmly at the small of his back as he made his way around the table, a small proprietary smile on Harry’s face as he watched Theo interact so naturally with his friends.

Malfoy hung back, loitering behind Hermione and gripping the handle of Aurora’s pram tightly with one hand. He smiled stiffly as various people politely shook his hand, peering in to smile at his sleeping baby.

Ginny was the last to approach, her eyes shining. ‘Hey, Ferret,’ she grinned. ‘Long time no see.’

‘Weaslette,’ Malfoy replied. ‘How’s life treating you with the Harpies? You killed that last match.’ Taken by surprise, Ginny only paused for a beat, and within seconds, she and Malfoy had entered into conversation, all of Malfoy’s awkwardness seeming to disappear as the two of them talked enthusiastically about Quidditch.

After a few minutes, the group sat back down. Malfoy pulled up a chair next to Hermione and dropped into it, sighing with relief. He was quiet as the conversation restarted, rocking Aurora’s pram gently, grey eyes warily surveying the table.

Hermione picked up a menu and began to scan the different options, although she couldn’t really see them, too focused on watching Neville, who was still watching Malfoy.

‘Where’s Ron?’ Harry asked, spotting the empty space next to Padma.

‘He’s at the bar,’ Ginny turned to motion at the empty chair on Hermione’s other side. ‘Oh, and there’s a surprise too. I bumped into someone at a game yesterday, and he had today off from training, so I invited him out with us for lunch.’ She raised her eyebrows at Hermione before jerking her head behind her with a wry grin. ‘Luckily, he has unrestricted access to an international Portkey.’

Hermione turned to look, and at her side, Malfoy did the same, swearing quietly under his breath. ‘For fucks sake,’ he murmured. ‘You’ve got to be fucking kidding me.’

Hermione’s heart seemed to have stopped in her chest, her stomach lurching so dramatically she thought she might vomit there and then.

‘Herminny!’ Viktor grinned, approaching the table with two pints in his hand, a flushed and obviously starstruck Ron at his side. ‘I hope you don’t mind, I wanted to surprise you.’



Chapter End Notes

🤭🤭 I feel Viktor may find himself on the pointy end of a rather grumpy Malfoy next chapter when Sunday dinner drama ensues!

Hermione girl- time to be honest with yourself!

Thank you so much for reading!

Also, Thank you to everyone who read and commented on my little additional post for our chaos puppies! I do intend to add further chapters for them later in the fic!

Link to it here if you missed it! https://archiveofourown.org/works/71489461





Chapter 19: All the mountains


Chapter Notes

Helllooooo! Firstly! Sorry I kept you all hanging on after last chapter’s cliffie! Please take this longer chapter as an apology. Also, I feel I need to preface this one with some warnings/ reminders.

The people in this story are flawed. None of them are perfect and none of them can act in a way that pleases everyone all the time.

Hermione is tactless in this chapter. She knows it and she owns it. She’s a good person but ultimately, she’s falling hard and can’t always do the right thing, as much as she always wants to.

I also want to make some excuses for Neville here and hope that there’s no outright bashing of him, despite his behaviour. Again, he’s flawed and he’s acting off his emotions (and alcohol) but ultimately, he’s just hurting and hurt people lash out.

A lot happens this chapter and once again I’ve agonised over it obsessively, really hoping I’ve got it right! Thanks to Didsomeonesay_dracomalfoy, Black_phoenix22 and Smudgesonapage for their patience and support while I’ve had yet another meltdown! (she’s dramatic)And thank you all for reading and sticking with me!

Edited to add, the comment about Ron’s eyes was inspired by a fabulous piece of Drarry art I saw by Eleadore. It made me cackle!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione stood up, not knowing what to do other than to wait as Viktor put the drinks down on the table and made a beeline towards her.

‘Hello,’ he beamed, stepping closer and embracing her in a tight, warm hug. ‘I missed you.’

Hermione couldn’t move, she could barely breathe as Viktor’s strong arms pinned her own to her sides, and the hug went on for an uncomfortably long time.

She was painfully aware that most of the restaurant's attention was on them, and her face, despite being squashed into Viktor’s broad chest, burned hot with familiar embarrassment.

‘How have you been?’ Viktor said as he eventually released her, stepping back to look her up and down. ‘You look absolutely stunning, Herminny. Yellow suits you.’

Across the table, where he and Harry were currently watching with rabid interest, Hermione caught Theo in her peripheral. He huffed, throwing his hands up and widening his eyes meaningfully in Malfoy’s direction.

Although she couldn’t see him, Hermione could feel Malfoy behind her. His magic was seeping out into the room, tension rolling off him in waves.

‘Th-thank you, Viktor. I’ve been good.’ Hermione replied quietly. ‘You look well too.’

Viktor did look well. He’d been training in France and evidently, the weather had been agreeable. He was noticeably tanned, the bronze of his skin set off by the white linen shirt he wore. He smiled down at her, dark hair falling into even darker eyes, his Bulgarian heritage brought to the fore in a most striking way.

Objectively, Hermione knew she should feel something when she looked at Viktor, that everyone else in the room saw something she didn’t - she couldn’t. Because as handsome as Viktor was - as kind, as talented, as desirable - he just ….wasn’t…

Finally, Viktor released her, and Hermione plopped back into her seat, raising her eyes to see the entire table pretend they hadn’t been watching and suddenly reanimate, a low buzz of conversation resuming, overly polite smiles pasted onto almost every face.

Ron had made his way reluctantly towards Theo and Harry, and Hermione felt a swell of love for Theo as she watched him jump up to greet Ron, pulling him into a friendly hug whilst Ron awkwardly patted his back and grunted his hello’s.

She turned to look at Malfoy. He wasn’t smiling, wasn’t talking, wasn’t engaging at all. His eyes were fixed on the table top, his jaw like iron.

‘Hello,’ Viktor said, leaning over her to offer his hand to Malfoy. ‘I think we met when I came to Hogwarts before.’ He motioned to Malfoy’s hair with a large hand. ‘I remember the white...Murphy, is it?’

Malfoy gritted his teeth so hard Hermione was surprised he didn’t crack one. ‘Malfoy.’ He muttered as he took Viktor’s hand in what looked to be a bone-crushing grip. She saw a brief flash of uncertainty light over Viktor’s features before he was smiling again.

‘You’re on daddy duty today, I see.’ He nodded down where Aurora was beginning to stir in her pram. ‘Your wife wasn’t able to join us?’

Malfoy flinched, his expression tightening even further. ‘No.’ He said, dropping Viktor’s hand. ‘My wife passed away six months ago, I’m afraid.’

Viktor’s face fell, mortification and shock slackening his features, his tan instantly replaced with a fierce pink blush. ‘Oh - I - I’m sorry.’ He stammered. ‘I wasn’t aware. I saw the - the -’ his brown eyes swept down to Malfoy’s ring and away again quickly. ‘I assumed -‘

Malfoy’s own eyes followed Viktor’s gaze, and he withdrew his hand quickly under the table, closing his fist and squeezing tightly.

‘My condolences.’ Viktor said again quietly. ‘I’m so sorry for your loss.’

Malfoy managed a small nod, but his eyes were icy, his pulse visibly pounding in his throat.

An awkward silence stretched out, the air thick with tension and Malfoy’s magic. Hermione could feel it coiling around him, writhing agitatedly, like a snake about to strike. She groped about under the table until she found his fingers, squeezing them gently in hers. After a second’s hesitation, she felt Malfoy squeezing back - the contact appearing to calm him slightly, his breathing coming a little easier.

Viktor’s face was still beetroot red. He rubbed an awkward hand over the back of his neck, looking anywhere but at Malfoy.

Eventually, Malfoy sat back, exhaling a long, slow breath. ‘I’ll go and get us a drink, love.’ He murmured, his voice low and quiet as he let go of her hand under the table.

‘Oh, thanks. I’ll have -‘ Hermione blurted, glad the silence was finally broken.

‘I know.’ His grey eyes flicked towards Viktor, then back to her. ‘I’ll get you a large glass. Are you okay to hold Aurora while I go to the bar?’

Hermione looked over to where Aurora was now wide awake in her pram, reaching up to grasp at the dragon toy that hung inside the hood and babbling to herself.

‘Of course. I’d love to.’ She held out her arms as Malfoy scooped the baby up, kissing the tip of her nose before passing her gently to Hermione.

Aurora accepted the transfer happily, gazing up at Hermione with huge grey eyes and swiping immediately at one of her dangling curls. Hermione laughed and shook her hair back over her shoulders, bouncing her a little. ‘Hello, darling.’ She said, smiling down at her. ‘Was that a lovely sleep?’

Aurora grinned back, a thin trail of dribble escaping down her chin.

Hermione looked up to see both Malfoy and Viktor watching her intently, their expressions almost a mirror image of the other, despite how opposite they were in appearance.

Malfoy cleared his throat, his eyes like flint as he placed a lilac muslin cloth and a full bottle down onto the table. ‘Just in case.’ He muttered, before turning and heading towards the bar.

Instantly, Theo was also on his feet, striding across the pub to stand with Malfoy as he ordered their drinks. They huddled together, their heads bent low in furtive, hushed conversation.

Opposite her, Neville had clearly watched the entire interaction, and now he glared at the back of Malfoy’s head, his mouth a hard, flat line. He jerked when Hannah hissed something into his ear, his gaze turning to his fiancé for the first time since they’d arrived. He nodded curtly at whatever Hannah had said, lifting his pint of lager and taking a long swallow.

Hannah’s own eyes flashed to Hermione, and she felt her skin prickle with discomfort and irritation, sweat breaking out on her upper lip.

She searched desperately for Harry down the other end of the table, wishing they’d sat closer together. He was half engaged in conversation with Seamus and Dean, but his gaze continuously flicked to where Theo stood at the bar.

As though he felt her staring at him, Harry turned and they each pulled a face. She was glad to see he shared her sentiments, his sympathetic smile making her feel a little less unmoored.

In her arms, Aurora began grumbling a little, fed up with being held lying down. Hermione stood up and tipped the baby onto her hip, sweeping her hair onto her opposite shoulder to avoid questing little hands. Aurora settled, happier now that she could see what was going on. She peered curiously past Hermione’s arm, taking in all the new sights of the pub restaurant.

‘She’s a lovely baby,’ Viktor said quietly, giving Aurora a hesitant smile which she didn’t return, her little brows furrowed as she studied the stranger’s face. ‘I feel terrible. I had no idea about her mother.’

‘It’s not your fault, Viktor.’ Hermione replied earnestly. ‘You weren’t to know.’

He nodded, not looking remotely convinced. ‘How do you two know each other?’ He asked. ‘You and Murphy. Were you friends at school?’

‘It’s Malfoy, and no. We weren’t friends at all - the opposite, actually.’ Hermione told him. ‘But I helped him with Aurora in the early days after his wife died, and we’ve become sort of friends since. Also, Draco’s best friend Theo is now going out with Harry, so we’re in each other's company a lot.’

‘Oh,’ Viktor said, sounding relieved. ‘He’s the friend of a friend, then.’

Hermione frowned, not sure that was what she’d actually said. She was about to correct him when a loud burst of scandalised laughter issued from the other end of the table.

‘Krum!’ Ginny called. ‘Come and listen to this bullshit. Dean thinks the Cannons can actually win the league this season. Sort him out, will you?’

Viktor turned to Hermione with an apologetic grin. ‘Just one moment, Herminny,’ he muttered. ‘I’ll be back.’ He stood and made his way down to where Dean, Seamus, Ginny and Ron were having a loud, animated conversation. Dean was already waving his hands around, vehemently defending his position. He fell silent when Viktor arrived, the entire group listening raptly to what the ‘Greatest Seeker In The World’ had to say on the matter.

‘Hermione,’ Luna called from where she sat next to Padma. She motioned with her hand. ‘Come and introduce Aurora to the other children.’

Hermione made her way round the table, taking the free seat next to Luna and propping Aurora up on her knees so that she could see Fred, who was being bounced on his own mother’s lap. Atlas, who was three, looked up from his colouring book momentarily, his long blonde curls falling into his eyes. He smiled shyly when Hermione said hello, but then went back to work, colouring a picture of a kneazle with a chunky blue crayon. Kiran and Mira were busy crawling around under the table, giggling secretively - clearly up to no good as usual.

Immediately, Fred and Aurora were entranced with each other. Fred leaned forward on his mother’s lap, his chubby fingers splayed as he reached towards Aurora, who watched him cautiously, her grey eyes wary. Her serious expression made her look so much like her father that Hermione couldn’t help but smile, her heart squeezing.

‘Who’s that, Freddie?’ Padma cooed. ‘It’s Auntie Mione and baby Aurora. Say hello to Aurora. Isn’t she sweet? Such a pretty baby.’

Across the bar, Malfoy had finished ordering the drinks. He turned and stopped, something undefinable in his expression as he took in the sight of Hermione, sitting with his daughter on her lap in amongst her friends.

Initially, she wondered if he might be annoyed, that he might not have wanted her to carry his baby around the pub, but when his eyes slid up to meet hers, Hermione’s breath caught in her throat, her heart suddenly fluttering in her chest. Malfoy looked almost…pleased, a dark glint of something like satisfaction in his eyes. He smiled, just a small pull at one side of his mouth, the first she’d seen since they’d left the Penthouse. Hermione smiled back, her stomach in knots. She found that she couldn’t look anywhere else.

From behind him, Theo said something to Malfoy, motioning to the drinks lined up on the bar. When he called him a second time, Malfoy blinked, finally cutting his eyes away from hers.

Hermione swallowed, forcing her attention back to Padma, who was still chattering to Aurora and Fred, laughing as Fred tried to hand Aurora the teddy he’d been clutching while Aurora stared uncertainly at him.

‘Theo’s nice, isn’t he?’ Padma said quietly, brown eyes raising to meet Hermione’s. ‘Friendly.’

‘He’s great,’ Hermione replied. ‘He and Harry are perfect for each other.’

‘It’s so weird to see Harry with a real boyfriend. I don’t think any of us thought we’d actually see the day. And a Slytherin too, that’s a turnout for the books.’

Hermione shrugged. ‘I guess those old rivalries don’t matter so much any more.’

‘Of course they don’t. We were children.’ Padma waved a dismissive hand. ‘It looks like Harry and Malfoy have managed to kiss and make up, too? The four of you looked very cosy on the way in.’

‘Yes, they have. Because Harry now knows what I do, Padma.’ Hermione said. ‘Malfoy isn’t the same person he was in school. He’s a good man who’s been through a lot. He’s just doing his best to move forward.’

‘I think it’s lovely,’ Luna interjected. ‘If Harry and Draco can put the past behind them, we all can.’

Padma nodded. ‘Oh, I agree. The past is in the past as far as I’m concerned, and I said as much to Ron. I made him promise to try with Malfoy too, not just Theo. I even suggested they might bond over dad things. Maybe meet up with the babies or something.’

Hermione tried to keep a straight face, but she almost snorted at the thought of Malfoy and Ron bonding. Tolerating each other seemed like the first logical step before moving on to anything as implausible as spending time alone together.

‘Maybe Draco could bring Aurora to your massage class?’ Luna suggested. ‘It’s good for babies to socialise. Does he take her to any baby groups already, Hermione, do you know?’

Hermione shook her head, smiling as she imagined Malfoy’s reaction to Padma’s massage class, picturing his face when the mums began chanting and singing, waving scarves around. ‘He’s not really the baby group type, I don’t think.’ She said tactfully. ‘But I’ll suggest it to him, of course.’

Aurora was now reaching out, aiming for one of Fred’s black curls. Hermione moved her gently back onto her shoulder, taking her out of grab radius and giving her little hand a kiss.

‘I can’t believe Viktor came to see you.’ Padma said, almost dreamily. ‘He’s so sweet, and so bloody gorgeous. Is he going to take you out again later? For some alone time, maybe?’ She wiggled her eyebrows suggestively and Hermione cringed.

‘I’m not sure how long he has free.’ She replied. ‘I doubt we’ll have time.’

Theo and Malfoy were now making their way back towards the table, drinks in hand. Hermione stood up, lifting Aurora back onto her hip. ‘I’d better get this one back to her dad.’

She bent down as she left, peering under the table. ‘Hello, you two.’ Mira squeaked and Kiran jumped, immediately dropping the wand he’d been trying to get out of his mother’s bag, clearly unaware of the child-lock charms all modern wands now came with as standard.

‘Auntie Mione!’ Hermione found herself momentarily mobbed as the two of them scrambled out from under the table and grabbed her around the knees, hugging her tightly.

‘Hi, my little squishes,’ Hermione murmured. ‘What were you up to under there?’

‘Whose baby is that?’ Kiran conveniently ignored the question, narrowing his eyes suspiciously at Aurora. ‘Did she come out of your tummy, Auntie Mione?’

‘No,’ she laughed softly. ‘She’s called Aurora. She belongs to my friend, Draco.’

Mira reached up to grasp Aurora’s toes through her little sock. ‘Does she want to play with us?’

‘She’s a bit small for that right now,’ Hermione replied. ‘But I’m sure she’d love to when she’s a bit older. I could come round to play soon, though? I’ll bring my healer’s bag so we can play hospitals again?’

The twins both jumped up and down with excitement at the suggestion, giving her knees another squeeze before disappearing back under the table.

Hermione made her way back to the table slowly, chatting to various people on the way. Malfoy sat back in his seat, watching her approach. He pushed her glass of wine towards her as she sat down, holding out his hands for Aurora, who had seen her dad and lunged towards him. He wrapped his arms around his baby and buried his face in her hair, as always, reminding Hermione of a man who’d gone far too long without the air he needed to breathe.

‘Did I just see you talking to boys, Aurora?’ He murmured softly against the top of her head. ‘Now what did daddy say about that?’

Hermione laughed. ‘I wouldn’t worry. She didn’t look too keen. Has she actually met any other babies before?’

Malfoy sighed and shook his head, looking embarrassed. ‘None.’ He said. ‘I haven’t… she only really knows us - our little group.’ She watched his cheeks colour. ‘I get…uncomfortable around too many people. But…I know I shouldn’t be putting that on Aurora. She needs to socialise.’

Sensing an imminent guilt spiral, Hermione immediately interjected. ‘She’s only little, Draco. There’s plenty of time. She might enjoy some baby groups soon, though?’

He frowned up at her, a line appearing between his eyebrows. ‘What do you mean? What’s a baby group?’

Hermione smiled, taking a sip of her wine. ‘I mean a group for babies and parents, so she can be around other children, experience different things. There are singing groups, walking groups…’ She paused for a moment and then decided it was worth a shot. ‘Padma runs a baby massage group. That might be nice? The massage could be something you do with Aurora in the evenings to calm her during the witching hour.’

Malfoy looked utterly confused now. ‘Baby massage? What in Merlin’s name-‘

Hermione laughed. ‘You lay the babies down on mats and then there are creams and oils you can use to rub over their skin and bodies using specific techniques - it’s relaxing for them, and for you as a parent. A good bonding experience.’

‘But - wouldn’t it be all…mums there?’ He asked. ‘I don’t know if I could… and the germs, all those people breathing down on her-‘ he was already shaking his head, aghast. ‘No. No way. I don’t think I’m the baby group type.’

She pursed her lips to hold back a smile, aware that he was repeating her own words back to her, even as she kept trying. ‘It would be good to meet with some other parents, Draco. You can share your experiences, get advice from people who’ve already been where you are.’

Malfoy was chewing his lip, his expression conflicted. His eyes flicked down to Aurora again, and Hermione could see how badly he wanted to do what was best for her, even if it was incredibly hard for him.

‘Why don’t you think about it?’ She said eventually. ‘Maybe I could come with you for the first time? I can just play with Kiran and Mira and stay out of the way.’

He looked up at Padma, who noticed and smiled back across the table. Hermione watched him battle with himself, a muscle twitching in his cheek. He was quiet for several seconds before he turned his eyes back to her and nodded. ‘Okay. I’ll give it a go. If you’re going to be there.’

Hermione’s stomach swooped as she was reminded suddenly of the first days at the hospital, his first insistence of ‘only you, Granger.’ It still felt as disorienting as it had the first time.

‘Of course.’ She promised. ‘I think Aurora will love it. Maybe you’d enjoy it too. It’s good to meet new people, maybe even make some new friends.’

He looked dubious. ‘I don’t need any more new friends, thanks.’ His eyes sparkled mischievously as he added. ‘I can’t seem to get rid of the last one I made. This curly-haired girl. She just won’t leave me alone.’

‘Oi!’ She laughed, punching him lightly on the arm. ‘I think you’ll find it’s me that can’t get rid of you.’

Malfoy grinned so widely that the eye crinkles made an appearance, waging war on Hermione’s emotional stability. ‘Oh really?’ He leaned closer, his voice low and confidential. ‘You haven’t been trying very hard now, have you, Granger?’

They were still smirking at each other when Hermione heard Viktor cough discreetly behind her. She turned and blushed, unsure how long he’d been sitting there.

‘Oh! Sorry,’ she stuttered, turning her body away from Malfoy, who was still smirking.

Viktor said nothing, a small frown forming a divot between his heavy brows. He picked up his menu and began scanning it, running his finger down the options. ‘I think I’ll have the lamb.What about you, Herminny?’

‘She doesn’t like lamb.’ Malfoy muttered under his breath, almost too low for Viktor to hear.

‘Uh, I don’t like lamb,’ she echoed, elbowing Malfoy surreptitiously at her side. ‘I think I’ll have the vegetable tart.’

Viktor read the menu again. ‘Oh, that sounds nice. Yes, I’ll have the same.’ She ignored further muttering from her left, taking a large gulp of her Pinot Grigio.

In Malfoy’s arms, Aurora began to whine quietly, arching her back and twisting. He immediately leaned over and swiped the bottle from the table, guiding it to her lips. Aurora latched on, quieting again, although she continued fidgeting distractedly.

For the next ten minutes, Hermione made small talk with Viktor as the table gave their orders to the waiter and Malfoy fed Aurora. Inevitably, the focus soon turned to Theo, who was warm and engaging, laughing when Seamus ribbed him about his job at the bank, smiling smugly when Harry jumped in to defend him, leaning into Harry’s chest. He looked utterly at ease, asking questions and joking around as though he’d been part of the group forever.

Hermione thought she was actually witnessing Harry Potter fall in love. His eyes shone as he watched Theo speak, his lips curved up in a proud, proprietorial smile, his expression hungry. She wasn’t in the least bit surprised when his hand crept up to cup Theo’s jaw and turn his face towards his mouth, a possessive glint in his eyes. Harry kissed Theo once before breaking away to whisper something in his ear. Theo shuddered and nodded dazedly, his eyes glazing over.

After a few deep breaths, Harry pushed back in his chair and rose from the table. ‘Just popping to the loo,’ he announced, throwing a wholly unnecessary look in Theo’s direction.

Theo remained seated for at least another full minute, chatting to Dean and Luna absently, his eyes on the bar door. At her side, Hermione heard Malfoy whisper, ‘Three… two… one…’

‘Ahem,’ Theo stood up. ‘I’m just going to… wash my hands.’

She giggled as Malfoy shook his head. ‘About as subtle as a Bombarda, those two.’



* * *



Harry and Theo still weren’t back by the time the meals began arriving at the table. A poor, unsuspecting Ron had attempted to go and retrieve them and come stumbling back immediately, his face pale. ‘It’s okay,’ he muttered as Padma put a comforting hand on his knee. ‘I didn’t need my eyes anyway.’

Seamus, Dean and Ginny, who had immediately clocked what was happening, burst out laughing, as did Hermione and Padma. Luna, who was busy playing with Atlas, was the only adult who seemed unaware, other than Neville and Hannah, who were now talking in hushed, snappy voices opposite Malfoy. Hermione watched Neville down his beer, rolling his eyes at something Hannah had said.

Ten minutes later, with their food now completely cold, both men returned to the table, their faces pink, lips puffy. ‘Really?’ Ron demanded. ‘At a restaurant? In the middle of the day?’

‘You may as well get used to that.’ Malfoy drawled from her side. ‘It’s like living with a pair of graphorns in mating season half the time.’

Ron hesitated for a moment, as though he wasn’t sure Malfoy was actually speaking to him, then he laughed. ‘Yeah,’ he said awkwardly. ‘Yeah, that’s a pretty accurate description, I’d say. Good one, Malfoy.’

The rest of the meal passed quickly with the distraction of the food. They talked as a group as they ate, Viktor filling them in on his training regimen, giving them the inside scoop on the various teams. He’d managed to get the World Cup tickets Ron had asked for, and Ron was over the moon, scrambling around the table to shake Viktor’s hand gratefully, looking slightly like he was about to cry.

Hannah had left the table halfway through the main course and hadn’t returned. Neville sat silently opposite them, draining what Hermione estimated to be his fifth pint. He’d shaken his head when Harry had tried to ask what was wrong, insisting he was fine. But he was uncharacteristically quiet, even for Neville, a hard look on his face that Hermione didn’t think she’d ever seen before.

Malfoy had put Aurora into a high chair and was attempting to spoon-feed her bits of blended broccoli between rushed mouthfuls of his own lunch. Trying solids was a new development for Aurora, and unfortunately, more of it had ended up in her hair and over her face than in her mouth.

Hermione helped as best she could, fetching the wipes from the bag and holding Aurora’s hands out of the way as Malfoy attempted to wipe her down, both of them laughing when Aurora blew a raspberry, spitting green blobs all over Malfoy’s T-shirt.

‘Okay, I get the hint, sweetheart,’ he grinned, switching the broccoli pot for one with what looked like strawberries instead. ‘Daddy doesn’t like broccoli either.’

Hermione was still helping to clean broccoli out of Malfoy’s fringe when she suddenly heard Viktor’s chair scrape back behind her. She turned to find him standing, pulling his coat off the back of his chair.

‘Viktor? You’re leaving already?’

Viktor didn’t reply for a moment, his brown eyes trying and failing to meet hers. ‘Yes, Herminny.’ He said eventually. ‘I have to get back to France. We have a team briefing tonight.’

‘Oh,’ a horrible, guilty feeling began creeping over her. ‘I’m sorry. I didn’t realise you needed to leave so soon.’

Viktor said nothing, pushing a hand in his pocket and withdrawing a thick wad of galleons, which he placed on the table.

‘Aww, you’re going already, Krum?’ Ginny called from the other end of the table. ‘I thought you said you had two days off?’

Hermione turned to look at him as the rest of the table murmured their dissent. ‘You can’t go yet,’ Seamus groaned. ‘You were halfway through telling us about that potion-doping scandal.’

‘Sorry,’ Viktor mumbled, still not looking at Hermione. ‘Something came up. I’ll see you all soon. Thank you, Ginevra, for the invite. See you back in France.’ He raised one hand in farewell and then turned, walking out of the pub without another word.

The table fell silent as Ginny frowned over at Hermione. ‘What happened? Why is he leaving?’

‘I - I don’t know,’ Hermione pushed back her own chair. ‘I’ll go and see him off.’ She didn’t look at Malfoy as she turned to follow Viktor, but she felt his eyes on her, along with the rest of the table. Neville was the only person she knew definitely wasn’t watching. He was still too busy eyeballing Malfoy.



* * *



Viktor was already at the exit by the time she caught him. He stopped when she called his name, turning around, his face set, his expression closed.

‘Viktor,’ she breathed. ‘I’m sorry. I think I might have-‘ he held a hand up to stop her, his eyes already resigned.

‘Herminny, please.’ He said. ‘It’s okay, really.’

‘What do you mean?’ Hermione began. ‘I’m not sure what happened. I barely got the chance to speak to you. I’m sorry, I didn’t realise you were coming-‘

‘Stop.’ Viktor repeated, his voice soft, his expression pained. ‘You don’t need to explain anything to me. In fact, I really don’t want to hear it.’

Hermione paused. ‘Viktor, I-‘

He shook his head. ‘No, Herminny. There were plenty of chances for you to talk to me today if you wanted to. Just like there have been plenty of chances for you to visit me in France when I offered, or for me to visit you, or even for us to just speak on the phone. You haven’t taken any of those chances. I understood. I know you said you were busy with work. But…’ he closed his eyes for a moment, swallowing. ‘There’s a saying I’ve heard. I’m not sure if I have it right…it says if you wanted to, you would.’ Hermione bit her lip, inexplicably close to tears.

‘I tried my best.’ Viktor said. ‘I told you how I feel about you, what I wanted for us. Initially, I thought maybe I’d just come on too strong, that you were overwhelmed by the Prophet article. But after today, I know that’s not the case. You didn’t look pleased to see me, and you’ve barely spoken to me. I feel shit, Herminny.’ Viktor looked up at her, and his brown eyes were so hurt that Hermione felt sick. Utterly ashamed at how she’d treated him, knowing he was right.

‘If you wanted to, you would.’ He said softly. ‘But you don’t.’

Hermione couldn’t speak. Even now, Viktor was being nice to her. He wasn’t shouting or even telling her outright that she’d embarrassed him, which she was certain she had done.

She must be mad, Hermione thought. Was she really about to effectively put an end to any further chance of a relationship with Viktor? A man who had continually been kind and respectful towards her. A man with no complications, who wanted to give her the world, now. Viktor was ready to provide her with everything she’d ever wanted and more. So why was she holding out? What was it she possibly wanted that Viktor couldn’t offer her?

An image flashed up in her mind - sharp grey eyes, a wicked smile, a silver ring glinting on a long-fingered hand. Hermione exhaled a long, shaking breath.

‘I’m so sorry, Viktor,’ she said quietly, her throat thick, shame burning its way up her oesophagus. ‘I never intended to lead you on. You’re a wonderful man, truly. Any girl would be lucky to have you.’

‘Except you.’ Viktor said quietly. ‘You don’t want me…do you?’

Hermione’s chest was heavy as she forced herself to look at him, forced herself to be honest. ‘No,’ she whispered. ‘I’m sorry, Viktor…I …I don’t.’

He smiled ruefully. ‘Thank you for telling me the truth,’ he said. ‘I wish you the best, Herminny. I know one day, you will make someone very happy.’

He leaned in and kissed her cheek. ‘Take care, Lyubima.’ And with that, Viktor Apparated away.



* * *



When she had finally gathered herself, Hermione made her way back into the pub.

‘Everything alright, Mi?’ Harry asked. ‘Has Viktor left?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione nodded, hoping she didn’t look as upset as she felt. ‘He had a team meeting called and had to leave unexpectedly.’ Harry nodded, everyone except for Ginny seeming to accept her response.

‘What went wrong?’ Ginny asked as she walked past. ‘He was so excited to see you. It’s almost like you don’t want to have sex with anyone, Mi.’

Hermione paused, looking up to find Malfoy watching her, Aurora now fast asleep, curled up in his arms. ‘Not now, Gin.’ She muttered. ‘Not here. I’ll call you tomorrow and we can talk about it properly.’

In her absence, the table had cleared a little. Ron, Harry and Theo were at the bar, Fred also fast asleep over Ron’s shoulder. Seamus and Dean were sitting next to Malfoy, making a valiant attempt to engage him in conversation. Padma and Luna had apparently taken the children out to the beer garden for a run around. Neither Neville nor Hannah were anywhere to be seen.

Hermione needed to splash some cold water on her face. She made her way to the bathroom, pausing when she met Neville on his way back from the men’s. He was stumbling a little, his eyes bloodshot. He pulled up when he saw her, sighing loudly and pushing his hands into his pockets. Hermione continued walking towards him, waiting to see if he was actually going to just ignore her. It appeared that was exactly what Neville intended to do.

‘Seriously?’ She huffed as he stepped past. ‘That’s how it is now, Neville? You can’t even bring yourself to speak to me all of a sudden?’

‘Leave it, Mione.’ Neville bit out. ‘I’m not in the mood.’

‘Oh, you’re not? Because it kind of seems as though you are.’ Hermione retorted, already emotional from her confrontation with Viktor. ‘You’ve spent the whole meal trying to bait Malfoy into a fight, staring at him across the table. You’ve made lunch uncomfortable for everyone.’

Neville clenched his jaw, staring down at the ground at her feet. ‘It’s just hard to watch, that’s all, Mi.’

Hermione sighed. ‘Neville, look. I know it must be strange to suddenly have Malfoy around. He was awful to you when we were younger. I understand. He was awful to me, too. But we’re adults now. None of us are the same people we were. Malfoy has been through a lot, too. He didn’t get away without suffering.’

‘It’s not even that,’ Neville said heatedly. ‘I mean, I still think he’s an absolute wanker no matter what you and Harry say. But that’s not what pisses me off. It’s you. For the first time today, I saw you. I saw what you really look like, Hermione, and it hurts.’ Neville’s voice cracked on the last word.

‘What's that supposed to mean?' Hermione held her hands out, confused. ‘I look the same as I always have.’

Neville shook his head. ‘No. You don’t. Today I finally saw what you look like when you're all in. When you’re fully committed - not constantly feeling your way around the walls for an exit.’ His blue eyes were resigned despite the bitterness in his tone. 'After everything that's happened, everything he's done - it's him. Draco fucking Malfoy is the one who gets to have all of you.’

Hermione felt a fresh rush of frustration surge through her. ‘What are you talking about, Neville?’ She burst out. ‘Malfoy doesn’t have me. We’re friends, that’s all.’

Neville scoffed. ‘Yeah, right. Keep telling yourself that, Mione. Why do you think Krum left? He was embarrassed because he didn’t get a look in. You spent the whole meal flirting with Malfoy, holding his kid, acting like she’s your baby when she’s not. If his wife were alive, do you really think Malfoy would be sitting there with you? He’s using you, Hermione. I thought you, of all people, would be smart enough to realise that.’

‘Oh fuck you, Neville!’ Hermione snapped, his words hitting her straight in her gut. ‘And where’s your fiancé? I don’t know if you noticed, but she’s not here either.’ Instantly, Hermione regretted her words, angry with herself for stooping to Neville’s level of pettiness.

Neville’s face had turned pale, his eyes cold. ‘Don’t talk about Hannah.’ He muttered. ‘It’s not that simple. We have… things going on.’

Hermione was about to reply when the door to the bar suddenly pushed open and Malfoy stepped through, ducking his head to avoid the frame. He was holding Aurora, a fresh nappy and a set of wipes in his hand. He stopped short when he saw Hermione and Neville, immediately sensing the atmosphere in the hallway. Hermione swiped angrily at the tears she hadn’t even noticed she was crying, furious that she’d once again let Neville affect her so deeply.

‘Oh,’ Malfoy muttered. ‘Sorry, I was just…’ he trailed off, catching sight of Hermione’s face. ‘Granger?’ His eyebrows drew together, concern darkening his features. ‘Are you okay?’

Neville snorted. ‘There you go, Mi. Your knight in shining armour has arrived.’ He blew out a frustrated breath. ‘I need to leave.’ Neville began to stride towards the exit, almost shoulder barging Malfoy on the way past.

Malfoy stepped deftly sideways as his hand suddenly shot out, blocking Neville’s path. His stare was murderous, his body unnervingly still as he turned to Neville with an expression Hermione hadn’t seen since the funeral home.

‘Are you insane, Longbottom?’ He hissed. ‘If you’d just knocked into my daughter, you’d be on your fucking back.’

‘I’m sure I would,’ Neville snapped, his words a little slurred. ‘You’d fucking love that, wouldn’t you, Malfoy. My childhood bully, back to throw his weight around.’

Neville went to walk away again, pushing open the bar door aggressively. Malfoy growled, and without Hermione actually even seeing Malfoy move, Neville was suddenly yanked backwards and slammed against the wall, the door swinging closed with a bang.

Malfoy’s nostrils flared as he handed Aurora carefully to Hermione, his eyes glittering with fury. His voice was low and dangerous when he turned back to Neville, stepping into his space. Neville held his eye, his expression satisfied. He’d goaded Malfoy, and he’d gotten a reaction.

‘Don’t think I’m fucking blind, Longbottom.’ Malfoy murmured. ‘That I didn’t notice the way you’ve been looking at me during this lunch. I’ve actually let it slide, given you the grace you fucking deserve after how I treated you as a boy. I was a prick at school, an absolute twat. I accept that and I apologise unreservedly to you for the things I said and did. You can hate me if you like, I really don’t give a fuck. But I’ve just walked out here and Granger -‘ he pointed a finger at Hermione. ‘Is crying. And that -‘ the finger moved to jab Neville in the sternum. ‘That I won’t let slide.’

Neville’s chest was heaving. His blue eyes equally as tempestuous as Malfoy’s. They darted down to Malfoy’s pointing finger and suddenly, he froze, his breath catching in his throat. ‘What the fuck is that?’

Malfoy also froze, following Neville’s eyeline.

‘What…why is Hermione’s scar on your arm?’

‘Neville,’ Hermione began.

‘No! What the fuck?’ Despite Malfoy’s finger digging into his chest, Neville took a step forward - closer to Malfoy. He was a big man, as tall as Malfoy and broader, heavier set, where Malfoy was lean. Malfoy shoved him back against the wall, but Neville barely seemed to notice, even when his back connected hard with the stone. He turned to Hermione, his eyes beseeching. ‘Mione, why does Draco Malfoy have the word he watched his own aunt carve into you, on his arm?’

‘Because I’m not the boy who watched any more.’ Malfoy said quietly, pulling Neville’s attention back to him. ‘I took it for that very reason. I’m doing everything I can to prove to her -‘ he pointed at Hermione again. ‘That I’m a better man. That I’m in any way worthy of being part of her life.’

Neville looked between Hermione and Malfoy for a long moment, his mind seeming to take in what Malfoy had done as they slid down again, back to the faded letters on his forearm. He sagged, all the fight draining out of him at once. ‘You - you took her scar?’ Neville’s voice was hoarse. ‘You took the thing she hated the most about herself, and now you just...what? Walk around with the word Mudblood on your body instead?’

Malfoy nodded. ‘Proudly.’

Neville fell silent. He attempted to push Malfoy’s hand off his chest and, sensing the change in Neville’s demeanour, Malfoy allowed it, stepping back to give him the space.

‘You can’t keep doing this, Nev.’ Hermione said softly. ‘You made your choice, you’re engaged to Hannah. You’re making it impossible for us to stay friends, and you’re ruining your relationship in the process. Hannah loves you and you’re hurting her.’

Neville nodded, his eyes unbearably sad when he looked at her. ‘I know.’ He admitted. He seemed to have forgotten Malfoy was there, his eyes on her face as he continued. ‘For a long time, I thought I was over you. I tried to move on. I told myself that it was just you. That you were committed to your job, that you didn’t have the capacity to really let yourself love someone after what we went through in the war. But now I see that you do have the capacity for it. Just not for me.’ Hermione remained silent, her words stuck in her chest as she found herself needing to be brutally honest for the second time that day. Regardless, her silence told Neville all he needed to know. He shook his head, taking another step back. ‘I need to go and find Hannah. I - I can’t keep doing this to her. It’s not fair.’

He finally looked back at Malfoy, seeming to be about to say something, then his eyes flicked to Aurora, and he closed it again. ‘I’m going to go.’ He said. ‘Sorry, Mione.’

Neville began walking towards the door before turning, blue eyes burning into Malfoy’s, his jaw clenched. ‘I’m very sorry for your loss.’ He muttered, and then Neville was gone too, pushing through the bar door, leaving Malfoy and Hermione alone in the aftermath.



* * *



Hermione hadn’t stayed long after that. She’d been unable to say anything much to Malfoy, distraught, guilty and embarrassed by the events of the day.

They’d walked back out into the pub, finding most people still oblivious, involved in their own conversations or distracted by the children. Harry and Theo were sitting at the table, utterly wrapped up in each other, blissfully ignorant of the emotional turmoil Hermione had been through with not one, but two men over the course of just a three-hour lunch.

After saying her goodbyes, Hermione Apparated away rather than waiting for the men, landing back in her room at the flat and promptly bursting into tears. She’d only just stopped crying when Harry arrived home, having had the heads up from Malfoy.

They spent several hours cuddling on the sofa and eating the huge slab of cake he’d brought back for her after she’d missed dessert. Harry listened with ever-growing indignation as she told him about what had happened with Neville, shaking his head in disbelief. ‘I’ll speak to him.’ He said. ‘This doesn’t sound like Neville at all.’

Hermione agreed, glad Harry was able to look at the situation reasonably and give her some perspective on the whole thing. Eventually, once she was a little calmer, they settled down to watch a movie, squished up together on the sofa.

Hermione lost count of how many times Harry’s phone buzzed, her heart melting at how resolutely he ignored it, seemingly determined for her to know he was there with her - her emotional support cuddler who absolutely could not be distracted from his duty by spicy texts from his boyfriend. After watching him twitch when the phone vibrated for what felt like the millionth time, Hermione giggled and pushed herself off the sofa, rising to stand.

‘Come on, you.’ She said. ‘I’m going to head to bed and leave you in peace. It seems like Theo has lots of things he really needs to tell you.’

Harry grinned, already peering at the phone screen. ‘It appears he does,’ he murmured, green eyes going dark. Hermione gave him a kiss goodnight and headed to her own room, not missing the way Harry’s mouth fell open when he swiped on the first message.

She changed into her pyjamas and brushed her teeth, getting into bed with a book, already knowing she wouldn’t be able to sleep. Hermione wasn’t particularly surprised when her own phone beeped at two am, fully expecting it to be either Ginny or Theo. She picked it up from the nightstand and looked at the screen. It was neither.

I know you’re probably asleep, but I was up settling Aurora and thinking about you. Just wanted to check that you’re okay X

Hermione smiled at her phone, her stomach clenching as she replied.

Thank you, Draco. I’m okay now. Sorry for rushing off earlier X

Don’t worry about that. Glad you’re feeling better. Aurora is back down, but I can’t sleep. What are you up to? X

Hermione thought for a moment. Maybe this was a good time to use the camera feature on the new phone Harry had gotten her after she’d finally relented to his nagging. With only a bit of fumbling, she swiped open the camera app, lifting the phone up and pressing the button, taking a photo of the book in her lap.

Reading in bed X She replied, along with the picture. Hermione pressed the send button and smiled, feeling very proud of herself as the little noise dinged to alert her that the message had gone. She waited, listening out for Malfoy’s response, but her phone stayed ominously quiet. Hermione frowned. He usually replied to her texts straight away, especially when they were messaging before bed.

She huffed, drumming her fingers on the page of her book, unable to concentrate until suddenly her phone vibrated as Malfoy’s reply came through. Hermione picked up the phone and looked at it, finding only one word.

Fuck

Her brow furrowed in confusion. Was that message meant for someone else? Hermione swiped her finger over the screen, scrolling up to look at the picture she’d sent.

Immediately, she cried out, gasping with horror. Hermione was very new to the art of a selfie, and clearly woefully unskilled. Whereas she’d thought she’d been taking a photo of her book, open on her lap, she’d actually taken a photo which aimed straight down the neckline of her satin pyjama vest, her modest cleavage on full display, brunette curls falling over her breasts from above. The book was in the shot, but seeing as she wasn’t under the sheets, her thighs and hipbones were also visible, her lace-trimmed shorts appearing much skimpier than they were in real life. In conclusion, Hermione realised that she’d effectively sent Draco an unintentionally sexy photo, almost as if she wanted him to be able to see down her top. Mortified, she tapped frantically at the phone, pressing any button she could find to try and delete the picture, wanting to scream with frustration and panic when she couldn’t.

I’m sorry. She began typing. I didn’t mean to send you that. It’s a new phone and I have no idea how to

She stopped as yet another message came through - a picture. With trembling hands, Hermione clicked on the icon. Her breath hitched, a fierce rush of heat suddenly flooding her body, her mouth going dry as her heart actually skipped a beat and her stomach dropped to the floor.

Malfoy had sent a photo back.

He was also apparently in bed, his scarred chest bare, the ridges of his abdomen highlighted even further by the angle of the camera from above. She could see the vine tattoos, tracing delicately over the diagonal lines of muscle that appeared almost cut glass in the light, the leaves unfurling over his pale skin. He was wearing athletic shorts, the material thin and flimsy.

Hermione suddenly found that she couldn’t breathe, her traitorous body burning with a wave of desire so powerful she had to close her eyes momentarily before she could look at the phone screen again. Because in Malfoy’s picture, there was something visible through the thin material of his shorts, an outline, thick and obvious, utterly impossible to ignore.

His body’s response to her photo.



Chapter End Notes

Ummmmm… I’m just going to leave that with you! Hahah

Clearly we have crossed a little line here, but please know this doesn’t automatically mean things will suddenly begin happening really quickly.

We’re still going for slow burn and Draco still needs to open up/ heal in lots of different ways.

For now though… there’s no denying where this is headed!!!!





Chapter 20: Should crumble to the sea


Chapter Notes

You guyssssss 🥹🥹🥹 I can’t tell you how blown away I was by the response to the last chapter! I’m working my way through the comments but please know I’ve read and smiled at every single one! Who knew we’d all be so excited about one erection 😆😆😆 I’m so glad to have you all here to squeal over these lovely idiots with me!

That being said, they are in fact IDIOTS and we knew nothing would be plain sailing. This chapter is more of a set up for many exciting things to come. Both are rightfully spiralling because there’s NO denying how they feel any more and they need to find a way to accept that!

I really hope I can keep doing the complex emotions justice, it’s a balance I try really hard to get right!

Thank you again for reading Stand By Me!

Nicky x



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione had never really considered herself to be a very sexual person.

She’d had a reasonable amount of sex, she thought, and had enjoyed it to varying degrees, but it had never been something she felt she needed in order to be fulfilled.

She’d lost her virginity aged seventeen in a fumbling, embarrassing encounter during one of her last visits home - her virtue, and all ideas of continuing a relationship with Ron - gone in one fell swoop. It had been over quickly, her hand pressed over the whimpering Muggle boy’s mouth as she lay underneath him in her single bed, praying her parents wouldn’t wake up and hear the creaking springs.

The sex with Neville had been good at first - passionate, sometimes a bit rougher than she thought either of them really wanted, but in the aftermath of the war, they’d just needed to feel something that wasn’t grief. Neville had given Hermione her first partnered orgasms. He’d worked hard to help her discover what she liked and how to please someone else in turn. Hermione had enjoyed sex with Neville, but that had tailed off as the emotional shortfall in their relationship had taken its toll, and by the end, it felt mechanical rather than anything else, the passion burned away to leave only resentment and frustration in its place.

Hermione had now gone a long time without sex, and she hadn’t given it a huge amount of thought. She was an independent, thirty-year-old woman - perfectly capable of keeping herself satisfied when the rare need arose. She was busy with work, often exhausted by the time she fell into bed - sexual pleasure just wasn’t at the forefront of her mind.

Or it hadn’t been.

Now, she’d seen Draco Malfoy’s erection through his shorts, and something powerful had awoken inside her. Her body had responded so forcefully to the insinuation of the photo he’d sent, that she’d been unable to do anything except set the phone to the side and close her eyes, lying as still as she could while desire burned its way through her system. Her fingers twitched under the covers, her core ached, the urge to touch herself almost overwhelming as she imagined Malfoy doing the same.

For the first time, Hermione let herself wonder what his fingers would feel like gliding over her skin, if his lips were as soft as they looked, what his tongue might feel like sliding into her mouth.

With one small exchange, the feelings she’d been harbouring for Malfoy had changed irrevocably, transformed into something new and terrifying.

Hermione could no longer lie to herself.

She wanted him - in every sense. She craved his proximity like a drug, burned for him in a way she’d never burned for anyone before.

But Malfoy was still wearing his wedding ring. He’d lost his wife and the mother of his child only six months previously. He had an ailing mother who was dependent on him, a baby daughter whom he couldn’t bear to be apart from without suffering withdrawal symptoms - Aurora needed, and rightfully had, his devoted attention first and foremost. Draco Malfoy was the most unavailable, complicated man she could have possibly found, and Hermione was a stupid, stupid woman because, despite all that… she still wanted him.



* * *



She’d seen every hour of Sunday night, tossing and turning, tangled in her sheets, periodically checking her phone to see if Malfoy had messaged again. She’d started and deleted at least ten texts, fruitlessly attempting to find a suitable reply to his last.

What did one possibly say to a message like that? Hermione couldn’t write what she wanted to, that much was certain.

Draco, you can’t send a photo of that nature and expect a woman to remain rational. Please come to my flat immediately, so I can -

No.

Hi, Draco. The picture you sent was absolutely criminal. Any chance of another? This time maybe without the shor-

Ridiculous. Who was she? Harry?

I can’t pretend any more, Draco. I need you-

Eventually, she’d vanished the phone to the kitchen, knowing she was too exhausted mentally and physically to get out of bed and retrieve it. She’d fallen into a fitful sleep, brief blissful moments of oblivion interrupted by fragmented dreams of storm-grey eyes, full lips and the ghost of long, elegant fingers trailing down her ribs, gliding over her belly, moving lower…lower…

Hermione woke with a gasp, her skin on fire, her chest heaving. She lay recovering for a moment, squeezing her thighs together and her eyes tightly shut. After a few minutes, she grabbed the pillow next to her and pressed it to her face, letting out a muffled scream of frustration.

Why? Why couldn’t it be Viktor? He would have been so much simpler, made so much more sense. In fact, Hermione thought, pretty much anyone else would have been easier. She could have avoided so much emotional distress if she felt this way for anyone other than Draco bloody Malfoy.

She rolled back over, incredibly grateful that Monday was a late shift and she didn’t have to get up for another few hours. Hermione lay her head on her folded arms and let her thoughts drift a little while longer, grateful when exhaustion finally returned to smother her overworked mind.



* * *



The second time she awoke, it was to the smell of cooking - toast, coffee and eggs.

‘Harry James, you absolute angel.’ She murmured, dragging her weary body out of bed, dimly noting the now familiar sound of Theo’s voice drifting in from the kitchenette, the rumble of Harry’s low answering chuckle.

She made herself moderately decent, throwing on a satin robe and waving her wand over the shocking cloud of her hair before casting a quick freshening charm for her teeth. A brief glance in the dresser mirror told her that her fraught night was definitely evident in the bags under her eyes, but neither Harry nor Theo would notice. They only ever looked at each other anyway.

Hermione yanked her bedroom door open and stepped out, gasping as she promptly smacked straight into what felt like a solid brick wall. She stumbled back upon impact, but before she could fall, an arm shot out, a set of long fingers wrapping around her wrist and hauling her effortlessly back upright. Hermione suddenly found her face pressed into soft cotton, her fingers flexing over warm, unyielding muscle as she inhaled an unexpected lungful of a devastatingly familiar scent.

‘Shit. Granger? Are you okay?’

There was the slightest hint of amusement in Malfoy’s voice, his quiet, deep cadence pouring into her ear like treacle, gliding through her veins to heat every part of her body.

With her heart pounding, she slowly lifted her gaze, watching the exaggerated dip of Malfoy’s Adam’s Apple as he swallowed. His silver eyes were wary as they met hers, the shadows underneath an impressive, vibrant shade of purple to rival her own.

‘Draco,’ she breathed.

‘Sorry.’ He swallowed again, his voice hoarse. ‘I was about to knock. Potter sent me to tell you breakfast was ready.’

Hermione couldn’t reply, her brain apparently having chosen this moment to completely short-circuit. ‘He uh, he did try texting you,’ Malfoy continued. ‘But your phone was… in the kitchen. We found it in the cereal cupboard.’ He cleared his throat, his expression uncertain.

Hermione gradually realised that neither of them had yet taken a step back. Malfoy’s fingers still encircled her wrist, loosely pressing her palm to his chest so that Hermione could feel the rise and fall of every breath he took. Body heat radiated from him, the scent of his skin impossibly clean and fresh, like he’d not long had a shower. She suddenly became aware of how dishevelled she was in comparison, cursing herself for the careless way she’d been prepared to leave her room.

Malfoy’s eyes were roaming over her face, moving between her mouth, her hair, her eyes. He seemed determined not to let his gaze slide any lower, although Hermione knew that if he did, he’d have a similar view to the one she’d given him the night before. She watched his lips part, a fall of blonde hair tickling her cheek as he dipped his head, his lips suddenly at the shell of her ear.

‘Granger, about last night -‘

‘Mione?’

Hermione shuddered as Malfoy blew an exasperated breath against her neck and stepped back. She looked up to find Harry standing in front of them, fully dressed in a jumper and jeans, his wand holster buckled over his chest. Harry cocked his head curiously, a scandalised glint appearing in his eyes.

‘Uhhh, breakfast is served, I guess.’ He smirked. ‘Unless you two need a minute?’

‘No,’ Hermione replied in a rush, valiantly avoiding eye contact with Malfoy. ‘We were just coming.’

Harry held his ground, his green eyes flitting between Hermione’s flushed cheeks and Malfoy’s hunched frame. Malfoy was now gripping the doorframe tightly, leaning over her, his gaze still fixed on her face.

Hermione glanced up at him briefly and immediately wished she hadn’t. The intensity in his eyes was heart-stopping - frustration layered over something more, something that felt a lot like the heat that flowed through her own veins, something she couldn’t let herself fall into in case she drowned and never managed to find her way out.

With a frustrated-sounding growl, Malfoy stepped away, turning to stride back down the hallway. Harry raised his eyebrows in question, but Hermione just shook her head, willing her wobbly legs not to collapse from under her as she and Harry followed behind.

Theo sat at their small kitchen table with Aurora in his arms. He was playing a game where he tipped her backwards and nibbled at her toes so she squealed with delight, tipping her quickly back upright again, making the baby giggle.

‘Careful,’ Malfoy warned as he entered. ‘If you drop her, I’ll drop you.’ Theo rolled his eyes, but wisely finished their game now that Aurora’s overprotective father was watching. Sensing Theo had let his guard down, Aurora’s hand immediately reached up, grasping at the small silver hoop he wore in his left ear. Theo yelped, jerking his head away.

‘She’s very grabby, this baby, Malfoy.’ He grumbled. ‘Unnecessarily aggressive, like her dad.’

‘It’s all part of her development,’ Malfoy drawled, leaning over to lift Aurora out of Theo’s lap. ‘She’s learning about the world through touch.’ He settled the baby on his hip, walking around to the other side of the table and picking up his wand. ‘You do seem to like pulling dad’s hair though, don’t you, darling?’

He flicked his wrist, effortlessly transfiguring one of their rickety wooden seats into a high chair and gently lowering Aurora into it as she whined her complaint. She banged the tray impatiently as Malfoy settled himself, reaching into the bag at his feet to bring out a small pot of porridge and a plastic spoon.

‘Alright, my girl,’ He murmured. ‘Let’s see how this one goes down.’

Hermione had a brief moment of respite while Malfoy’s attention was on Aurora, using the time to run her fingers through her curls and rearrange her robe. She sat gingerly next to him, crossing her legs demurely and reaching for the coffee Harry placed down with a grateful sigh.

‘Interesting day, yesterday, Granger,’ Theo said by way of greeting, his blue eyes dancing with mischief.

Hermione frowned back over the rim of her coffee mug, intentionally not responding.

Unfortunately, Theo was not so easily deterred.

‘No more Quidditch hunk, then? You’re single and ready to mingle.’

Malfoy had gone still, his back turned to face Aurora.

‘I was single the whole time, actually, Theo.’ She replied haughtily. ‘People would have known that if they’d ever thought to ask.’

‘But now Krum knows it’s definitely off. You told him you don’t want to see him any more, right?’

Hermione narrowed her eyes, knowing exactly what Theo was doing.

‘Right.’

‘Interesting.’ Theo sat back with a satisfied smirk. He Accioed the cutlery from the drawer as Harry began doling out the breakfasts, levitating them to the table along with the brown sauce.

‘Thank you, love.’ Hermione said as Harry placed down a delicious-looking plate of eggs, toast and avocado. ‘I’ll wash up, okay?’

Harry waved a dismissive hand, sitting down with his own plate. ‘I’ve got to go away for a few days after I leave for work this morning, Mi. We’ve had a break in that kidnapping case, and Kingsley needs me on a surveillance job in Milan.’

Hermione felt her heart sink a little. She hated it when Harry worked away, unable to stop herself worrying about him, even though he was a highly experienced Auror. It was an unfortunate consequence of spending the first eight years of their friendship with Harry in perpetual mortal danger, and definitely not helped by the fact that he’d chosen a job where he was still constantly chasing that high, seeming to have developed a taste for high-risk situations.

Theo also looked absolutely miserable at the prospect. ‘You’re sure you won’t be able to come home at night?’ He whined, his voice a little petulant. ‘International Portkeys exist, you know.’

‘I won’t have time,’ Harry replied, laying a hand over Theo’s forearm. ‘But you could…’ he cut himself off sharply, but Theo was already sitting up straighter in his chair.

‘I could…what?’

Harry’s smile was uncharacteristically shy. ‘You could come with me? Stay in one of the hotels in Milan? I’ll be working, of course, but you’ll be nearby when I get off…’

‘Fuck, yes.’ Theo didn’t even hesitate. ‘I’m coming.’

‘What about your job, Nott?’ Malfoy began frowning, but Theo’s eyes were alight with excitement.

‘Fuck my job.’ He replied. ‘I’ll call in sick. I don’t actually need to work anyway.’ He rose from his seat and walked around to Harry’s side of the table, pulling him to stand by hooking his fingers into the leather bands of Harry’s chest holster. ‘It’s our first couples break.’ He smiled, cupping Harry’s jaw and angling his face so he could plant a filthy kiss on his lips. ‘Our first dirty getaway.’

Harry laughed, even as he reciprocated. ‘I’ll be - mmpfh - working, Theo.’ He mumbled between kisses. ‘Long hours and -‘ he cut off with a muffled groan as Theo kissed him deeper, slipping in an indecent amount of tongue for the breakfast table.

‘Well,’ Theo said when they finally broke apart. ‘At least you’ll know I’ll be there waiting for you whenever you have a moment free.’

Harry’s lips curved up into a smug grin, his hands coming up to grasp Theo by the hips, bringing their pelvises closer together.

‘Maybe you can send me some sexy photos while I’m at work? We both know how good visual stimulation can be to get a man riled up.’

Hermione inhaled sharply, taking in an unfortunate lungful of her coffee as she did. She coughed into her mug, sending coffee droplets everywhere as she tried desperately not to choke to death at the breakfast table.

The three men glanced over at her, concerned. Malfoy stood as if he was about to come and help, but Hermione waved him away, her eyes watering. ‘I’m fine.’ She spluttered. ‘Don’t worry.’

He hesitated, clearly unsure of what to do as she coughed again.

‘Really, I’m good.’ She insisted, brushing coffee droplets off her front. ‘I’m just a bit wet, that’s all.’

Malfoy sat back down heavily, swearing softly as he scrubbed a hand over his face. ‘Jesus Christ, this breakfast is going to kill me.’ He muttered under his breath. ‘I’m actually going to die today.’

Harry’s eyes flicked towards Theo’s, a quizzical look passing between them.

‘I’ve just realised you won’t be here after my presentation, Harry.’ She said, in an obvious attempt to change the subject.

‘Yeah, I did think about that.’ Harry’s expression was regretful. ‘It’s shit timing, I know. You’ll call me as soon as you’re done, though? Let me know how it goes?’

She nodded, her stomach swooping at the thought of the presentation, her nerves rushing back, even though she knew she was as prepared as she could be.

‘Aurora and I will be here,’ Malfoy said. ‘We’ll come and meet you at the hospital afterwards.’

Hermione smiled gratefully, glad to know he’d be there, even though she still wasn’t quite sure how Malfoy would react when he found out what the focus of her proposal was.



* * *



The rest of breakfast was pleasant and uneventful. They chatted about the weeks ahead, realising that Malfoy’s birthday was quickly approaching, Harry’s just over a month after.

‘We should plan a joint party,’ Theo said enthusiastically. ‘Malfoy and Potter’s Dirty Thirty.’

Malfoy was already shaking his head, even as Harry grinned, clearly not averse to the idea. ‘There’s that new cocktail bar off Diagon - The Slippery Serpent.’

‘Fuck off,’ Malfoy looked horrified. ‘I can’t take Aurora to a cocktail bar.’

‘Maybe she could stay with a babysitter for a few hours,’ Theo suggested, blanching a little at the murderous look on Malfoy’s face. ‘It’s been ages since you’ve had any downtime. You only turn thirty once.’

Malfoy’s sneer was incredulous. ‘You actually think I’d leave my daughter with a stranger to go drinking in a bar? Anything could happen to her, Theo. Are you fucking mental?’

‘Apparition is a thing, Malfoy.’ Theo argued. ‘You can check on her every five minutes if you have to, cast your monitoring charms so you can track her every breath. And it doesn’t need to be a stranger. We can take turns to watch her. I just want the chance to celebrate with you, that’s all. A small gathering.’

Malfoy still looked furious, but he didn’t say any more. He lifted a porridge-covered Aurora out of the high chair and carefully used his wand to clean her up. The baby squirmed with excitement as his magic gently caressed her skin, leaving her immaculate once more, her pink cheeks glowing. He wrapped his arms around her, taking a deep, comforting breath into Aurora’s hair. Theo sighed as he watched Malfoy pout, seeming to have given up for now.

‘I need to get ready for work,’ Hermione said eventually. ‘I’ve got a ten-hour shift today.’

She helped Harry to clear away and then said goodbye to Malfoy and Theo. There was no more time to speak to Malfoy alone. He was heading to the city for a lunch meeting with Blaise and Pansy. Apparently, Blaise had news on the legal side of the manor sale, although Malfoy didn’t sound hopeful.

‘I’m visiting my mum this evening too,’ he said as he left. ‘She’s had a good few days, so I thought it would be nice for her to see Aurora while she’s mostly lucid.’

‘That sounds lovely,’ Hermione replied. ‘Text me when you’re home, let me know how it all goes?’ Malfoy nodded, his eyes darkening slightly.

‘I will.’

With her time to get ready running out, Hermione kissed Aurora on the forehead and then saw them to the door, waving them off with a wistful sigh. Malfoy turned as he left, raising his hand once more in farewell. Hermione waved back, clamping her mouth shut around all the things she wanted to say.



* * *



Harry had knocked on her door half an hour later, his red cloak already fastened at his throat, an overnight bag in his hand. Hermione hugged him tightly and kissed his cheeks. ‘Promise you’ll be careful,’ she said, straightening his collar and brushing her hands down his broad shoulders. Harry laughed and told her that he loved her too much to lie to her before Apparating away with a cocky flourish and a wink. She looked at the empty space where he’d been for a long time before heading back into her room and getting ready for work.

Fortunately, Hermione had been kept busy for the rest of the day - she’d had a ten-hour shift at the hospital, and then spent the evening with Ginny, talking through what had gone wrong with Viktor. As expected, Ginny just couldn’t understand why Hermione hadn’t wanted to pursue things with him, couldn't believe that she’d willingly turn down what most people would view as essentially the perfect man. Hermione stuttered her way through a feeble explanation, unable to give Ginny any valid reason that landed. Ginny Weasley wasn't just shrewd, she also knew Hermione better than most, and so she said nothing, simply sitting with one eyebrow raised, waiting for Hermione to tire herself out.

‘Can we talk about Malfoy now, then?’ She asked, taking a sip of her tea and pinning Hermione with a firm stare. Hermione sagged into her seat, too tied up in knots to lie any more. She looked up at Ginny, her fingers twisting anxiously in her lap.

‘What is it you want to know?’

‘You two,’ Ginny said. ‘You know Malfoy definitely doesn’t just see you as a friend, right?’

Despite herself, Hermione’s pulse immediately ratcheted up, her heart fluttering behind her ribs like a bird in a cage. ‘Wh-what makes you say that?’ She asked, trying to keep her tone mild.

‘Oh come on, Mione,’ Ginny scoffed. ‘For the smartest person I know, you’re acting awfully thick right now.’ Ginny leaned back, crossing her legs and turning towards Hermione. ‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen a man look at anyone the way Draco Malfoy looks at you... You don't realise it, but his eyes follow you everywhere you go, like he wants to devour you.’

‘Gin,’ Hermione flapped a dismissive hand, but her blood had already begun to heat. ‘It’s not like that. We’re just good friends. I was holding Aurora a lot, so he was probably just checking she was okay.’

Ginny tutted. ‘If you can’t tell that he’s absolutely obsessed with you, Mione, then you’re the only one.’ She paused, her blue eyes searching Hermione’s face. ‘We all saw the way he was with Krum, acting like he wanted to murder him for even touching you. That’s not how you behave over a friend.’

Hermione floundered around, desperately reaching for something to say - a reasonable explanation for what Ginny thought she’d seen. The truth was, the thought of Malfoy being jealous, the idea of him staking some sort of claim on her, had Hermione’s pulse thrumming, embers instantly smouldering low in her belly.

‘Is that why?’ Ginny asked softly. ‘Did you turn down Krum because you have feelings for Malfoy?’

Hermione swallowed heavily. To say that she had ‘feelings’ for Malfoy felt wildly inadequate, but to admit the strength of her desire for a recently widowed man also felt incredibly wrong. How could she expect Ginny to understand what was going on between them when she didn’t even understand it herself? She pressed her fingers into her eyes and took a deep, shuddering breath. ‘It’s…complicated.’ She said eventually.

Ginny didn’t reply immediately, and when Hermione looked up, she was chewing her lip thoughtfully, her blue eyes roaming over Hermione’s face. ‘It certainly seems like it could be, yeah.’ She murmured. ‘Seems like there’s a lot of potential for people to get hurt.’

Hermione nodded, her stomach sinking. Ginny was right. Already people were getting hurt. Neville, Viktor, even Malfoy himself. Thoughts of their first brutal healing session flashed into her mind again, and Hermione quickly blinked them away, unable to deal with the image of Malfoy’s eyes locked onto hers, the sounds he’d made as the infection left his body, the way he’d taken comfort in her arms afterwards.

‘But…’ Ginny continued. ‘There’s also potential for real happiness, too, don’t you think?’

Hermione looked up sharply as Ginny put a hand on her knee. ‘Mione, you can tell me you and Malfoy are just friends all you want. But that man is wearing your scar. He looks at you like you hung the bloody moon, and from an outside perspective, you look pretty damned gone for him too.’

Hermione couldn’t respond. She couldn’t meet Ginny’s eyes, couldn’t let Ginny see how far gone she really was.

‘The fact is,’ Ginny continued. ‘Malfoy clearly cared deeply about his wife. He wants to give her the respect she deserves as the mother of his child. That little girl will always carry a part of Astoria with her.’ Hermione nodded, her chest aching for the Malfoy family once again. ‘But… Astoria isn’t here any more. It’s absolutely heartbreaking, and a tragedy for both Malfoy and Aurora. But Malfoy’s life didn’t automatically end when his wife’s did - he’s only twenty-nine years old.’ Ginny suddenly looked a little emotional herself. ‘Everyone deserves happiness, Mione, and from what you’ve said, the Ferret hasn’t had much in his life so far. No matter what anyone thinks or says, you and Malfoy seem happy around each other. You laughed and smiled with that baby yesterday, whispering together like there was no one else in the room. I’m not saying you should rush into anything with him, not until you’re certain he’s ready and that you’re willing to take on that level of massive responsibility. But don’t punish yourself for having feelings for a single man, Mi. You don’t need to.’

Ginny hadn't been able to say anything else. Hermione had launched herself across the sofa and pulled her into a tight hug, unspeakably glad for her friend’s acceptance, even if it wasn’t any sort of answer as to how she should proceed with Malfoy.

Later that night, she’d seen Ginny out with a new sense of positivity, a tentative hope she hadn’t had before. Ginny didn’t think she was a terrible person, even though she’d as good as admitted her feelings for Malfoy out loud. That alone had gone a little way to assuaging her guilt over the events of the day before.

It wasn’t until the middle of the night, after checking her phone for the hundredth time, that Hermione had to accept that Malfoy wasn’t going to text her that evening. She fought the urge to message him herself, craving some reassurance that she wasn’t imagining whatever was going on between them. She desperately wanted to know what he’d been going to say before Harry had interrupted. Did he regret what had happened? Maybe he was worried Hermione had gotten the wrong idea, because essentially, nothing had changed. Malfoy was still wearing his ring, he’d made no attempt to call her, or to see her. Maybe it had just been a brief moment of madness. He was probably just lonely, after all.



* * *



Tuesday dragged out painfully. The ward was relatively quiet, and so there was time for the staff to talk. Inevitably, the main topic of conversation was the grant funding and the next day’s presentations. Hermione’s nerves were in pieces, especially when Ernie sought her out to wish her luck, his own confidence worryingly apparent. She spent her shift on edge, snapping at Katie unnecessarily over a briefly misplaced file, bluntly cutting down a father who’d seemed more concerned with where the canteen was than his labouring wife. She’d chosen to work through her lunch break, spending it sitting by the side of a mother who was struggling with pain after a particularly difficult emergency delivery. By the time she was due to leave the hospital, Hermione was irritable and flustered, the nerves she’d tried hard to ignore for weeks threatening to take over.

Without Harry, the flat felt cold and empty when she got home. Hermione found herself standing listlessly at the fridge, her nervous stomach rejecting all available dinner options. Eventually, she sat down with a mug of herbal tea, spreading out her parchment notes in front of her, checking and double-checking her numbers and rehearsing her lines until she thought she might go mad, the letters all blurring into one. Finally, when she couldn’t look at it any more, she headed to bed, sliding between the covers with a sigh.



* * *



Hermione fought the urge to look at her phone for at least twenty minutes, but eventually the temptation became too much. She sighed, picking it up from the nightstand and opening Malfoy’s photo again. She bit her lip as her eyes roved over the image she’d now mostly memorised, gliding down the lines of his body, over each pale scar, the dips of muscle, the delicate lines of his vine tattoos. She couldn’t stop her eyes being pulled lower, to the outline beneath his shorts, her breath hitching, her body growing warm beneath the bedcovers. She had done that to him. Malfoy sent her that picture, surely knowing she’d see what she’d done to him, how his body responded to the sight of hers.

Hermione closed her eyes, allowing her fingertips to trail lightly over her collarbone, sliding them down over the satin that covered her breasts, her nipples tightening as she imagined her touch was his. Her back arched, her mind helpfully filling in what Draco might look like leaning over her, silver eyes fixed on her face.

When her phone rang, Hermione was so startled that she dropped it onto the floor. She picked it back up with trembling fingers, staring at the flashing display.

Malfoy was calling her.

Hermione glanced at the time in the corner of the screen. Why was Malfoy calling at two am?

She pressed the green phone icon, hoping he couldn’t hear the slight shake in her voice as it connected.

‘Draco?’

There was silence on the other end of the line. She waited, her heart in her mouth.

She knew he was there. She could hear his quiet breaths, the crackle of static coming over the line.

‘Is everything okay?’ Hermione asked, unnerved by the protracted silence.

‘Granger.’

Her name was a whisper, more of an exhale than solid inflection. But even so, Hermione could hear how much those two ragged syllables cost him. Malfoy sounded like he was in pain, his voice gravelly, rough with emotion. She let her eyes fall shut.

‘What are you doing to me, love?’ He sighed, and Hermione shuddered, pressing the phone tightly to her ear. She fought to keep her breathing quiet as Malfoy continued. ‘I shouldn’t have sent you that photo, Granger. I shouldn’t be calling you now.’

Her throat constricted, her stomach dropping despite the fact that she’d been fully expecting him to say it.

Malfoy’s regret had already taken hold.

He let out another long breath down the phone.

‘The problem is…I can’t seem to make myself stop.’

Hermione was ruined. She was utterly ruined by Draco Malfoy. She’d never want anyone else, never want a man this badly ever again. She knew it in that very moment, her entire body thrumming with anticipation as she waited for him to continue.

‘I don’t know what to do,’ he whispered hoarsely.

‘The guilt, it's - it’s breaking me.’

‘Draco,’ she finally managed to make her voice work. ‘I understand. It’s only been six months. You’re grieving, still adjusting.’

‘I’m just so sad for Astoria.’ He murmured, sounding worryingly close to tears. ‘I’m sad that she died before getting to be a mother, that she lived such a shit, lonely life with a man she didn’t choose. I didn’t - I didn’t love her the way I should have, I realise that now. She died without ever really knowing happiness. She died without ever feeling this.’

‘Feeling what, Draco?’ Hermione whispered. ‘What is it that you feel?’

The silence drew on again.

‘I-‘ he paused. ‘Granger, I think I - ‘

The silence at the other end of the line was suddenly broken by a loud, high-pitched wail. Aurora’s cries gradually grew louder, muffled by the phone but still equally as affecting.

‘Shit,’ Malfoy muttered. ‘I need to go to her.’

‘Y-yes.’ Hermione stuttered, her heart sinking as she realised the conversation was over. ‘Of course.’

‘Good luck for tomorrow.’ He said. ‘We’ll be there, alright? As soon as your presentation has finished, Aurora and I will be at the hospital waiting for you…’ he hesitated. ‘As long as that’s what you want?’

‘Yes,’ Hermione breathed. ‘Of course…Draco, that’s what I want.’

He sounded relieved. ‘Then we’ll be there.’

‘Alright…I’ll see you both tomorrow.’

‘You’ll be amazing. I know it.’

Hermione wasn’t ready for the call to end. She wanted him to tell her how he felt, wanted to just listen to the sound of his voice. She didn’t want to be alone in the flat, where all her doubts could find her. But Aurora was Malfoy’s priority, and she always would be. It was part of what made him so painfully wonderful.

‘Goodnight, Draco.’ She whispered.

‘Night, Granger…sleep well.’

Hermione hung up the phone and immediately burst into tears.



Chapter End Notes

Dracooooooo 😭😭 This man is so deep in his survivors guilt, I think we can definitely see he’s not thinking clearly. He’s trying so hard to fight something he thinks is ‘wrong,’ out of respect for Astoria but there’s so much he still needs to tell Hermione that he just can’t quite bring himself to say! I feel it would be OOC for this Draco for him to just lay it all on the line over the phone, but I promise he will. Please know that these feelings he’s having for Hermione are all so new for him. He’s trying his best to do the right thing but he’s just SO DOWN BAD!

Next chapter there are more texts, more protective Draco and a little bit more drama!

Thanks for reading!





Chapter 21: I won’t cry, I won’t cry


Chapter Notes

Hello!!! Firstly, I need to apologise that this is a little late. Partially I can blame the cloudflare issue, but I need to be honest too. The chapter I’m posting now is probably version number 17474738 (at least). I’ve agonised over it, researched it, deleted it and edited it a million times and this is the version I’ve settled on.

Unfortunately, although I know it’s just fanfic, I sometimes get extremely affected by imposter syndrome or crisis of confidence, and this fic occasionally brings it out of me! The main reason is because I care - I really want to write the best story I can and sometimes it feels really difficult.

As always, I hope I managed to get the tone right. Initially I planned for more time to have passed before we get to this stage, but D and H’s relationship has developed so naturally and l think it’s important to note that Draco’s marriage is a different situation than most of us can relate to IRL and so I feel like however he responds is personal to this particular version of him.

There are medical terms used in this chapter which may not be 100% accurate and if so I apologise! I’m not in the medical field- be gentle with me! Haha

I’m sorry I haven’t gotten to the comments yet. I absolutely love them and have read every single one! I will respond now I’ve stopped having my meltdown.

Thank you to Blackphoenix_22 (The Dramione Effect podcast), Smudgesonapage and Didsomeonesay_dracomalfoy for their encouragement and patience this week! I know it hasn’t been easy!

LASTLY! (Sorry!) I found out a few weeks ago that I’ve been nominated for this years advent and I am so honoured and excited! Look out for a new (emotional) one shot from me coming some time in December!

The support and love on this fic continues to blow me away. It feels like a little SBM family and I love you all! Thank you for reading!

Nicky!



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione watched Wednesday morning arrive, the sky gradually changing from blue to pink to orange as the day dawned. She lay on her side and blinked into the watery light, letting the rays warm her skin, soothing the exhausted ache in her bones.

Once again, she’d spent the night lying awake, replaying the things Malfoy had said on the phone, imagining all the things he might have said if he hadn’t been interrupted. A small nagging voice insisted that she was being selfish, that Malfoy would be better off without her in his life, torturing him with guilt.

But there had been something else in his voice, layered just beneath the pain on the surface - a need that mirrored her own so intensely she was powerless against it. She wanted to hear it again.

Just this once, Hermione ached to be able to actually take what she really wanted, to not always be tied by an intractable sense of morality or a deafening voice of reason. For the first time in her life, she wanted to be selfish.

At six am, her phone beeped with a message. It was a photo of Malfoy and Aurora, lying in his bed, Aurora in the foreground, Draco at the back - two smiling, silver-eyed peas in a pod. There was a message to accompany the photo.

Thinking of you. Sending you good luck wishes from us. See you later on X

Hermione ran her finger over their beautiful faces, over the identically curving lips, the tumble of sleep-ruffled blonde hair.

There were so many things she wanted to say to Malfoy in reply, but now wasn’t the time. She had something else important to do first. Sighing, she settled for a single letter, hoping that somehow, it might convey even a small part of how she felt.

X

A few moments later, it beeped again

X

Hermione smiled, hugging the phone to her chest briefly, before forcing herself to get out of bed.

It beeped again several times whilst she was getting ready, kind messages of support coming through from Padma and Ron, Luna and Ginny. A photo message popped up from Harry, and Hermione opened it eagerly, her spirits soaring when she found a photo of him and Theo outside the Duomo Di Milano, seemingly taken the night before. Theo’s lips were pressed to Harry’s neck, only a flash of blue visible as he smirked sideways at the camera. Harry grinned straight into the lens, his face alight with joy.

You’re going to be amazing today. He’d written. Love you so much X

Throughout the course of their adult life, Harry had always been the person Hermione turned to when she needed emotional support. He was the one constant in her world, there whenever she needed a cuddle, a cry, to shout or hit things. To be without him now was rough, but looking at the photograph, witnessing Harry’s long-awaited happiness so clearly - it was exactly the serotonin boost she needed.

The night before, Hermione had selected an outfit she thought looked professional yet assured - a black pencil-cut shift dress, a set of patent Prada heels and several pieces of simple silver jewellery. She slipped the dress on, examining herself in the mirror and turning, satisfied it was the look she was going for. After a moment of indecision, she settled on gathering half of her hair off her face with a claw clip, leaving the rest of her curls to tumble to her elbows.

In the quiet kitchenette, she gulped a scalding hot coffee as she gathered her notes, pushing them all into a leather briefcase and sealing it shut. There was nothing more she could do, no other way she could prepare. She was as ready as she was ever going to be.

With a final deep breath, Hermione twisted on the spot and Apparated straight into the hospital foyer.



* * *



‘Hermione? We’re ready for you‘.

Biting her lip, Hermione turned to see Chief Healer Jennings beckoning her towards the Auditorium doors. Ernie had left several minutes before, a cocky grin on his face and a swagger in his step. ‘Good luck in there,’ he’d smirked. ‘It’s bloody brutal.’

She’d scowled at his back as he sauntered towards the atrium, wishing less people were around so she could wandlessly trip him flat on his face. Hermione wasn’t stupid, she knew an intimidation tactic when she saw it.

But now, as Healer Jennings waited, eyebrows raised expectantly, Hermione felt her nerves settle in the pit of her stomach, a quiet, insistent voice in her head telling her once again that she should have chosen something simpler, less controversial. She pushed the thoughts away, gritting her teeth, as she rose from her chair.

Healer Jennings smiled. ‘Don’t be nervous, Hermione. You can do this with your eyes closed.’

She nodded, although now that the moment had come, any confidence she did have seemed to have evaporated into thin air. Heels clicking, she followed Healer Jennings into the small Auditorium, her stomach swooping as she got her first glimpse of the audience. As expected, most of the seats were full - a mix of healers, mediwix and other peers all waiting to see what this year’s candidates had to offer for the grant application. She caught sight of Katie and Danielle in amongst the small crowd, grateful for their presence and encouraging smiles. Healer Jennings led her towards the long table where the six witches and wizards that made up the hospital’s medical board were waiting. Formal introductions were conducted, and then a bald, round-faced man she knew to be Crispin Biggs, Chair of the board, cleared his throat.

‘Welcome, Miss Granger, and congratulations on reaching this stage in the application process. As you know, this year’s competition was particularly fierce.’

Hermione nodded, nerves preventing anything more.

‘You now have twenty minutes in which to present your proposal for the St Mungo’s Medical Advancement Grant, at the end of which we will allow a further ten minutes for questioning.’ He motioned with a heavily ringed hand. ‘When you’re ready, you may begin. Good luck.’

Palms sweating, Hermione moved to the stage and turned to face the audience, blinking into the spotlight. At the back of the room, she vaguely registered the door to the Auditorium opening and closing again as she shuffled her notes, laying them out on the lectern.

With a final bolstering inhale, she flicked her wand, bringing up a projected image of the first page of her presentation.

Signature Transfusion:

A New Future For Magical Obstetrics

By

Healer Hermione Jean Granger

As she turned back to the audience, movement from the back of the room caught her attention and she froze, breath catching in her throat.

Harry, Theo and Malfoy were moving through the rows of chairs, making their way towards the very centre of the auditorium. They settled into the last free seats, Harry and Theo waving enthusiastically, Malfoy simply holding her gaze, his lips tipped up into a small, reassuring smile. Aurora was sitting on his lap, peering around the Auditorium, fascinated by the lights overhead.

Hermione’s already pounding heart stuttered in her chest, the room falling away as she smiled back, unable to believe that they were actually there. Instantly, she was so much less alone, despite the fact that she was the only person on the stage.

With a new resolve, she let out the breath she’d been holding, aimed a Sonorous at her neck and began to speak.



* * *



Twenty minutes later, there was silence in the Auditorium as Hermione reached the final section of her presentation. ‘Thank you for listening.’ She concluded. ‘I am now open for questions.’

Immediately, a low murmur rippled over the crowd, several hands shooting into the air. From the front of the room, Barney Trott (Minister for Health) spoke first.

‘Miss Granger. You realise that what you have proposed here is completely unheard of in magical maternity care? In fact, in magical medicine, full stop?’

‘I do, Minister.’ Hermione replied simply. ‘But what is progression without change? Here at St Mungo’s, we are fortunate to have the advantage of magic to aid in birth and recovery, however, whilst we continue to use traditional healing for managing complications, we are ignoring simple Muggle methods that can help patients beyond the limits of magic.’ When the minister didn’t respond, Hermione continued. ‘The charm I have developed can cross-match magical signatures to identify compatible donor blood. This can be used to treat our most critical patients when replenishment is not a viable option.’

‘And can you give an example of when this might be, Healer Granger?’

Hermione nodded. ‘Muggle physicians often use transfusion as a way to treat disorders or deficiencies in the blood. In the magical world, when a person needs blood, we use replenishers. But if that blood is low on the things the patient needs, or is harbouring something potentially dangerous, we are simply regenerating harmful blood cells. Transfusion would allow us to replace those cells with healthy ones. From an obstetric point of view, this can be used during pregnancy to reduce the risk of premature delivery, support babies in the neonatal unit, and -‘ she couldn’t look at Malfoy- ‘during and after events such as a traumatic birth.’

‘Surely there are several ethical considerations to be made here?’ This was Hilary Ladock, renowned magical scientist and the author of one of Hermione’s favourite books. ‘As well as the matter of bloodlines? Some people may refuse this treatment on principle.’

Hermione knew exactly the type of people Healer Ladock was talking about, and she had been fully expecting the question.

‘Unfortunately, Professor Ladock, I believe it’s attitudes like this that have held the magical world back for far too long. Of course, every patient has a choice in the treatment they accept, but in the twenty-first century, surely it is time we stop allowing age-old prejudice to limit the level of care we offer our patients. This is not about Magical healing versus Muggle medicine. This is not about blood purity and principles. This is about providing the best care for every single one of our patients.’ She paused, her throat tight with emotion. ‘As healers, we owe the families of magical Britain the very best obstetric care we possibly have to offer. If I am given the funding and resources to develop this treatment, I firmly believe it has the potential to change or even save lives.’ She flicked her wand, ending the charm that projected her presentation and taking a step back from the stage. ‘Thank you for your time and your consideration.’

The silence in the Auditorium was deafening. Hermione couldn’t look up, couldn’t face the members of the board as she turned and began walking towards the door. She had almost reached it when, from somewhere near the back of the hall, there was a sound. It took her a moment to realise it was the sound of a single person clapping. A second later, another joined them, and another, and another. Gradually, the audience joined in, the unexpected swell of applause bringing fast, surprised tears to her eyes.

She looked up and found Harry and Theo standing together, cheering wildly, whistling through their fingers. She waved, relief coursing through her along with a swell of love so powerful she thought it might burst from her chest. But when she turned to find Malfoy, his seat was empty. Hermione’s elation faded, the smile dropping from her face.

He and Aurora had already left.



* * *



Fifteen minutes later, she stepped out of the hospital doors and into the sunlight, feeling like she’d been inside the building for days rather than hours. She closed her eyes, fighting to keep the emotion of the morning from bubbling up as she prepared to Apparate home alone. Theo and Harry had portkeyed back to Milan the moment her presentation was over, Harry having barely managed to convince Kingsley that his business in the UK warranted an hour's urgent leave. He’d promised her they’d be back within the next few days, but she’d fought not to cry as she waved them off, missing them before they’d even left.

‘Granger?’

Her stomach dropped at the sound of her name, her eyes flying open.

Malfoy stood at the bottom of the steps, unfairly handsome in a white shirt and chinos, a bouquet of pale pink roses in his hand. At his side, Aurora was fast asleep in her pushchair, the mangled head of one unfortunate flower clutched in her tiny fist.

‘Sorry,’ he muttered, holding the bouquet towards her. ‘I left these in the car. They look a bit shit now, all wilted from the heat.’

Hermione stared dumbly at him, unable to quite process that he’d come back. She’d been so certain that he’d left, upset by her choice of topic for the presentation. But Malfoy didn’t look upset. He looked…emotional, maybe a little overwhelmed. He also looked like everything Hermione needed in that moment, everything she wanted, if she was being completely honest with herself.

As though pulled by an invisible force, she began moving down the steps towards him, her heels clattering on the stone. The closer she got, the more the tentative smile tugging at the corner of Malfoy’s mouth grew, crinkles appearing next to his eyes. The flowers dropped to the bench at his side, completely forgotten.

She reached the bottom of the steps and threw herself at him, her arms wrapping around his neck, her body pressed against his as she stretched up onto her tiptoes and buried her face in the soft, tattooed skin above his collar.

Malfoy’s hands immediately slid around her waist, pulling her impossibly closer. She heard him drag his own breath into her hair, rough and jagged, felt his heart pounding in tandem with her own as they stood at the bottom of the steps and held each other, oblivious to the crowds of people moving around the Protego that arced overhead, keeping those Draco Malfoy cared about close, and everyone else out.

‘You were phenomenal in there, Granger.’ He murmured into her hair. ‘You’re fucking unbelievable, do you know that?’

Hermione couldn’t reply. She tightened her arms around his neck, breathing in his scent, just needing to soak in his proximity for a moment longer before she pulled away.

‘I can’t believe you came,’ she said when she eventually managed to release him.’ I - I was worried… when I didn’t see you at the end. I thought you’d left.’

Malfoy was silent for several seconds, frowning down at the ground as he clearly battled with himself. Hermione braced, waiting for the question she knew was inevitably going to come.

‘Your treatment?’ The words were hesitant, as though he wasn’t sure he even wanted to know the answer. ‘Blood transfusion… it couldn’t… it wouldn’t have…?’

‘No, Draco.’ She replied, as decisively but as gently as she could. ‘I truly don’t think anything could have prevented what happened that day. The curse was too advanced, too powerful.’ She swallowed past the lump closing up her throat. ‘I like to think it could have bought you some time, though. Enough to be together as a family, enough to say goodbye.’

He closed his eyes against her words. ‘If… if you can give that to another family, Granger, it would help them so much. You have no idea.’

‘That’s all I ever want to do. I just want to help.’

This time when he opened his eyes, they were wet, sparkling with unshed tears. ‘The world doesn’t bloody deserve you,’ he muttered. ‘I don't deserve you. I don’t deserve a person like you in my life.’

She watched the silvery droplets bead on his lower lashes, the urge to kiss them away almost as powerful as the urge to prove him wrong, to show him just how badly she wanted to be in his life.

‘Stop saying that.’

Hermione reached for him, taking hold of his wrist and lifting it so that they both looked down at the scarred lines of the word now imprinted beneath the pale skin of his forearm. ‘It isn’t true.’

She began gently tracing a finger over the raised white lines of each letter. ‘You’re a good man, Draco. I know you are. Whatever it is you want, you deserve to have it.’

Before she could even think about what she was doing, Hermione dipped her head, pressing a small kiss to the soft skin of his inner wrist. Malfoy froze, his entire body going still.

‘Tell me,’ she whispered, placing another kiss above the first, just over the letter M. ‘What do you want, Draco?’

He made a small sound, the fingers of his other hand coming up to gently wrap around her chin, tilting her face up to his. She lifted her eyes to find his pupils blown wide, the silver darkened to a gunmetal grey.

His lips parted, his tongue darting out to wet them.

‘I want...’

Hermione waited, her pulse thrumming in her throat, every nerve in her body vibrating with anticipation.

‘Fuck, Granger. I want…’

He didn’t move any closer, didn’t finish his sentence. He just… looked at her - staring at her mouth. Slowly, his thumb slid up to her bottom lip, and she shuddered as he ran the soft pad gently over the swell of it, pulling it down infinitesimally. She heard him swallow, felt him take in a deep, shaking breath against her chest. But he still didn’t move, and Hermione was going to burst into flames.

‘Please.’

She wasn’t even aware she’d said it until the word had tumbled out of her mouth. Malfoy twitched, the sound of her voice seeming to jolt him from whatever spell he’d been under.

‘Fuck,’ he muttered again, stepping back and blinking around dazedly, as though he’d only just realised they were still in public. He turned to Aurora, who was still fast asleep, her chest rising and falling peacefully, lashes splayed over her cheeks.

‘Fuck.’

When he looked back at her, the heat was gone from his eyes, replaced with something Hermione was much more familiar with - guilt.

‘I’m so sorry,’ he said. ‘I shouldn’t have -‘

Hermione’s heart was pounding, her cheeks flushed hot with a mixture of desire and mounting embarrassment. ‘No,’ she muttered. ‘ It was me. I - I shouldn’t have… that was… it was my fault.’

Silence fell, both of them looking down at the ground, at Aurora, anywhere but actually at each other.

Eventually, for the first time she could remember since they’d become friends, Malfoy was the one to break the silence.

‘O- okay.’ He stuttered, clearing his throat, ‘Now that your presentation is over… if you don’t have any plans.. can I uhh.. take you out for a celebratory dinner?’



* * *



In the end, Pansy and Blaise joined them for dinner.

Blaise had called Draco when they were on their way back to the car, and when he had told them where they were going, Pansy had immediately snatched the phone and informed him they were coming along. Malfoy hadn’t been able to say no, and secretly, Hermione thought they were both probably a little relieved. The day so far had been eventful, a whirlwind of emotion that had left them vulnerable, nerves exposed. It probably wasn’t the best time to be alone together.

Malfoy had booked them into a restaurant in Mayfair, a little French bistro with outdoor seating and an expansive wine list. The maitre d seemed to know him well and had no problem extending the table for Blaise and Pansy to join.

The afternoon passed quickly, the four adults enjoying the warmth of the late May sun, while Aurora determinedly thwarted all of Malfoy’s attempts to get her to wear a sun hat, ripping it off so many times that eventually he was forced to gently charm it to stay stuck to her head.

‘Why don’t you do that with her socks?’ Pansy asked, spearing a piece of lettuce out of her salad Nicoise. Malfoy appeared baffled for a moment, watching Aurora’s bare feet as they swung happily from the high chair, her socks already pulled off and discarded before the starters had even arrived.

‘That’s a bloody good question, Pans.’ He muttered, bending to pick one up off the restaurant patio. ‘I actually have no idea.’

They stayed at the Bistro for hours, Pansy and Hermione getting progressively more tipsy as Blaise repeatedly topped up their glasses of wine, the champagne Malfoy ordered only adding to Hermione’s alcohol infused haze. By the time they’d toasted their second glass in honour of her successful morning, she found herself firmly in the region of hammered, giggling whilst she tried not to miss her mouth with a spoonful of Crème brûlée.

Malfoy wasn’t drinking, watching them with an amused, only partially jealous expression as he nursed a soda and lime. Aurora had long finished her dinner of blended parsnip and carrot and had fallen asleep in the crook of his arm, her face turned into his chest.

Whilst he was distracted by a conversation with Blaise, and with the added inhibition of alcohol running through her veins, Hermione gave in and let herself really look at him across the table, her eyes roving over his features in a way she wouldn’t allow herself when she was sober. She tracked the sharp curve of his jaw, the subtle brackets on either side of his mouth when he laughed. She watched the muscle flex in his forearm as he rocked his baby, the prominent veins in the back of his hands when his fingers stroked over her soft blonde hair.

‘Take a picture, Granger. It’ll last longer.’

Hermione turned to find Pansy smirking wryly next to her, her green eyes dancing, only slightly unfocused.

She tossed her hair over her shoulder, affecting indignation. ‘I’ve no idea what you mean.’

‘Ha! You’re practically eye-fucking him across the table.’

‘I absolutely am not.’

Pansy snorted. ‘It’s okay, darling. I understand. I mean, he’s a beautiful man.’ Really, Hermione couldn’t argue with that, hadn’t it been exactly what she was thinking before Pansy had interrupted her staring session? She made a non-committal sound, taking a sip of her wine.

‘Anyone would think you might be a little bit in love with him.’

Hermione turned to Pansy, her eyes wide. ‘Shh! He might hear you. And anyway…I’m not… in love with Draco.’ Even to her own ears, the words sounded hollow. Was it possible to be in love with someone you’d never even kissed, she wondered?

Across the table, Malfoy’s eyes found hers, and he smiled, the crinkles appearing right on cue.

Yes. Hermione thought. It was definitely… possible.

‘I told you, Pansy,’ she insisted again. ‘We’re just friends.’



* * *



‘Right, come on then. I’ve paid the bill.’

Half an hour later, they were getting ready to leave. Malfoy had managed to wrangle Aurora into her pushchair without waking her, placing a white blanket carefully over her legs.

Watching him tuck Aurora in, Hermione slowly grew aware of her own mounting exhaustion. She’d had no more than four hours’ sleep since Harry had left, and now, with the beginnings of a hangover throbbing in the base of her skull, her eyes felt gritty, her limbs like lead.

Malfoy had clearly noticed, and he placed a warm hand on her arm. ‘Come on, love, I’ll take you home if you’re tired?’

She nodded, though the thought of her lonely flat made her heart sink.

‘Or we could do a movie night at the Penthouse?’ He suggested, shrugging off his jacket and placing it around her shoulders. ‘Theo’s got an amazing collection of Muggle DVDs and it’s still early. You don’t need to go home yet, do you, Granger?’

Hermione didn't think anything had ever sounded more appealing, and so ten minutes later the four of them made their way into the Penthouse. Malfoy closed the door, laying the keys to the Mercedes on the marble worktop before heading down the hallway to settle Aurora into bed.

She slipped off her shoes, moaning with satisfaction as she wiggled her toes, grateful for the reprieve after a day in heels. She wandered around the penthouse as Pansy and Blaise bickered over movies, picking up stray items and putting them in a pile - Aurora’s blue toy dragon, Malfoy’s reading glasses, a pink sock.

By the time he came out of the bedroom twenty minutes later, she and Pansy had set up the living space for a movie. The sofa was heaped with piles of blankets, and they’d made up several bowls of the popcorn they’d found in Theo’s kitchen cupboard. Hermione was already sitting in the corner seat, her legs drawn up underneath her.

‘Do you want to borrow something cosier to watch the movie in?’

Malfoy reached behind the sofa, pulling out the soft grey hoodie she’d seen him wearing several times before. She accepted it gratefully, slipping it over her head, appreciating the way it smelled like him.

He watched her put it on, his gaze darkening as she pulled it over her dress, taking out her claw clip and shaking her hair free.

‘Hurry up and turn off the lights!’ Pansy called. ‘It’s starting.’

Malfoy dutifully Noxed the lamps, setting his wand on the table, the baby monitoring charm he’d set crackling with the small sounds Aurora made in her sleep.

Pansy was stretched out on the opposite end of the large white sofa, Blaise sitting on the floor at her feet. He had stretched his legs out too, leaning his head into Pansy’s lap as she ran her hand tenderly over the short hair at the nape of his neck.

There wasn’t really anywhere else for Malfoy to sit other than next to her, but Hermione still felt a thrill of anticipation as he lifted the blanket and slid in alongside her, his clothed thigh brushing along her bare one.

‘Okay?’ He turned to look at her, his expression uncertain. Hermione nodded, although her pulse was already quickening. She forced herself to relax, difficult when she could feel the tension rolling off him, too. She fixed her attention back to the movie, staring unseeing at the screen.



* * *



Gradually, as the film went on, Hermione’s eyes grew tired, her head lolling. It was too easy to lean against Malfoy, who still hadn’t moved, sitting up stiffly, his eyes focused straight ahead. She shifted around, trying to get comfortable, ending up much closer than they’d been before, her knees bent towards him.

‘You can put them over me, if you like.’ He murmured, still not taking his eyes off the screen.

Hesitantly, Hermione did so, stretching out her legs over his lap. Under the blanket, she became aware of a small movement, his hand creeping slowly, sliding across the space until his fingertips found her bare leg. It was Hermione’s turn to stiffen, her entire body tensing. Malfoy must have felt it because he sucked in a breath, beginning to pull his hand away. She panicked, slamming her palm down on top of his over the blanket and holding it there. After a moment, he seemed to get the message, and relaxed, letting his hand spread out over her thigh.

They sat like that for most of the movie. Hermione barely registered anything about the plot other than that it was about four boys who had decided to go and look for a dead body they’d heard about in the news.

All she could focus on was the feel of Malfoy’s thighs under her own, the weight of his hand on her leg, the heat of his palm on her skin. She couldn’t stop imagining what would happen if he were to move his hand higher, picturing him sliding it upwards, fingers skimming past the hem of her skirt. Heat pooled in her lower belly, her skin burning so fervently that she wondered if he could feel it, if he could tell how deeply she was affected.

At the other end of the sofa, Pansy and Blaise laughed and joked, commenting on the movie, munching on handfuls of popcorn. They didn’t seem to notice the lack of conversation coming from either Hermione or Malfoy, oblivious to the tension that Hermione felt thrumming intensely in the air.

Towards what must surely have been nearly the end of the film, Malfoy’s wand suddenly vibrated on the table. ‘Draco,’ Pansy murmured, as Aurora’s first restless grumbles crackled over the monitoring charm. ‘The baby.’

Malfoy didn’t move. Hermione frowned, turning to look at him. He was usually up the second Aurora made a sound.

In the pale blue glow from the television screen, she could see that his head was tipped back, his eyes screwed tightly shut.

‘Draco?’ She whispered. ‘Do you need to go to her?’

Malfoy’s throat bobbed. ‘I can’t.’

‘What do you mean?’

He turned, eyes dark, jaw clenched. ‘I can’t, Granger. I can’t get up.’

Confused, Hermione opened her mouth to ask why, but then she felt Malfoy shift uncomfortably beneath her, and realised with startling clarity exactly how affected he was by the way they’d been sitting.

She inhaled sharply, shifting her legs in his lap. Malfoy bowed forward, a small, agonised whimper escaping through his teeth as he clamped down on her thigh. ‘Granger. You need to stay still.’

‘Everything alright over there?’ Blaise asked, and Pansy’s eyes narrowed, watching them.

Aurora’s cries grew louder, and Malfoy glanced up anxiously at the monitor, breathing hard. ‘It’s okay,’ she muttered. ‘I’ll go.’ As carefully as she could, Hermione slid her legs from on top of his and crawled out, careful not to pull the blanket off him. Malfoy flung a hand over his eyes, grabbing at the blanket and gathering it at his waist. She tried her best not to look, but as she stood up, Hermione’s eyes instinctively dropped, helplessly drawn to the large, obvious projection tenting the material over his lap.

She stumbled down the hallway on wobbly legs, waiting for the heat that pumped through her bloodstream to recede as her heartbeat struggled to return to normal.

When she pushed open the bedroom door a minute later, Aurora was sitting up in her cot, wide awake. Hermione gently scooped her up, cradling her in her arms. The baby peered up at her in the dark, silvery eyes wide and glassy.

‘Shh, darling. It’s okay.’ She whispered, tucking Aurora’s arms into the blanket and rocking her gently. She bent her head and pressed a kiss to the soft swell of the baby’s cheek, breathing in the intoxicating scents of washing powder, warm milk and Malfoy. Hermione closed her eyes, suddenly feeling like she might be about to cry.

‘Oh, Aurora,’ she breathed. ‘What am I going to do?’ She took in a shaking breath, stroking the baby’s soft hair back from her face.

‘I think I might have fallen in love with your daddy.’



Chapter End Notes

EEEEEEEEEEeeee!!!

RIGHT! I think I’ve edged you long enough…

It’s Potter and Malfoy’s dirty thirty coming up in the next chapter, and…all I’ll say is… it’s happening!





Chapter 22: No I won’t shed a tear


Chapter Notes

Helloooooo!!!

Firstly, once again I want to say THANK YOU for the lovely comments last chapter! You are all so kind to me. I’m making my way through them but I’ve read every one!

Secondly, this chapter is LONG! And a lot happens. Please can I preface by saying again that these sweet babies are not perfect people. Not everything they do can be the exact right thing. Sometimes life and emotions get in the way, sometimes things happen outside of your control and sometimes you just have to say ‘Fuck it!’ (Yay!) so please give H and D grace for this chapter… is the situation perfect - no. But is it perfect for them? I hope so!

I’ve been so so so nervous for this chapter, we’ve had so much build up to this moment and although it’s not the end of their story, it’s so important for them! I really hope I’ve managed to do them justice! (I’m scareeedddd!)

I love you all!

Nicky x

Edited to add: I’m sorry but the next few updates may be sporadic as Christmas is kicking my arse between work and family. We also go away for two weeks. I will be writing and I’ll try to stick to schedule but for my own mental wellbeing I needed to just put this out there.



See the end of the chapter for more notes



It didn’t take Hermione long to settle Aurora.

After rocking her for a minute or two, the baby turned onto her side and snuggled into the soft cotton of her father’s hoodie, one hand fisted under her chin, the other gripping tightly onto a sizeable chunk of Hermione’s hair. Hermione watched Aurora’s breaths turn steadily more even, her pink lips relaxing into a pout as she dropped back into a deep, contented sleep.

With one final tender kiss to her cheek, she lowered the baby back into the cot, extracting her hair from the clutch of Aurora’s twitching fingers like she was Bruce Willis defusing a bomb. She watched her breathe for a moment and then, satisfied she hadn’t roused during the transfer, Hermione left, closing the door partway on her way out.

The first thing she noticed when she re-entered the living space was that the movie had finished, the credits rolling silently along a black screen. The room was dark aside from the faint blue glow of the pool lights outside. Pansy was alone, pacing around the kitchen area. Malfoy and Blaise were nowhere to be seen.

‘Pansy?’

Pansy jumped, pressing a hand to her chest. ‘Oh! You’re back.’

Hermione stepped closer. Pansy’s face was ghostly pale in the shimmering light, her eyes wide and bright. ‘Aurora’s settled already? That was quick.’

‘Mmm,’ Hermione looked around, her senses immediately on high alert. ‘She’s fine… where’s Draco?’

Pansy glanced towards the glass doors that led to the balcony, where Hermione was just able to make out the shadowed outlines of Malfoy and Blaise through the window. Frowning, she stepped forward to get a better look.

Malfoy was leaning over the balcony, his head buried in his hands. Hermione could see immediately that something was wrong. His ribs were rising and falling with frantic, panting breaths, his hair wild, like he’d been dragging his fingers through it. Blaise was at his side, rubbing a soothing hand over his back, murmuring close into his ear.

‘Pansy,’ she whispered again, dread dropping into her stomach. ‘What’s happened? It’s not - oh god, it’s not Narcissa, is it?’

‘Oh,’ Pansy replied, pulling her gaze from the window. ‘No… It’s not Narcissa. She’s fine as far as I know.’

Malfoy was now pacing back and forth, pausing occasionally to bend at the waist, his hands on his knees. To Hermione’s practiced eye, he was very close to hyperventilating if he wasn’t already.

Blaise looked on helplessly, still talking and talking, though Malfoy appeared past being able to listen.

‘I need to go to him.’

‘No!’ Pansy’s voice was loud in the quiet of the penthouse. ‘Draco’s okay. He just needs… just give him a minute, Granger.’

‘Pansy,’ Hermione warned, feeling like she might be about to cry. ‘You’re scaring me. What’s going on? What could have gone so badly wrong since I left the room ten minutes ago?’

‘Not wrong. Nothing's wrong. The opposite, actually. Honestly, it’s fine.’

Hermione’s temper flared along with her worry. She took a step towards the door, her frustration only increasing when Pansy moved to block her path, her hands held up placatingly. She pointed a finger at Pansy's chest, fear making her irrational. ‘So help me, Pansy, if you don’t tell me what’s happening, I’m going out there whether you like it or-‘

On the table between them, Malfoy’s wand suddenly vibrated, crackling to life as Aurora whimpered softly in her sleep. Two sets of eyes snapped to the wand, Hermione’s widening a moment later as understanding hit her with devastating force.

‘OH…MY…GOD.’

Pansy winced, her silence all the confirmation Hermione needed.

‘Oh god…He heard... He heard what I said, didn’t he? Wait… did you all hear what I said?’

Pansy nodded, her expression sympathetic. ‘Loud and clear… sorry, babe.’

‘Jesus fucking Christ!’

Hermione’s uncharacteristic language earned her two perfectly plucked raised eyebrows.

‘It’s alright,’ Pansy murmured, stepping towards her tentatively, like Hermione was a skittish animal, likely to bite. ‘Really, I think maybe it was for the best.’ When Hermione cut her a sharp look, she shrugged. ‘I think Draco really needed to hear it.’ She shrugged. ‘It’s obvious you two are sickeningly obsessed with one another. But truly, he was never going to be the one to acknowledge it, was he? The poor man is perpetually verbally constipated. It’s not his fault, of course. He’s never been allowed to ask for anything he wants. But now this has happened, there’s no pretending any more. Now he knows how you feel.’

Hermione looked outside to where Malfoy was now sitting on the ground, his back to the balcony wall, knees drawn up. He seemed to be finally talking to Blaise, but he was still gripping the front of his hair tightly, his expression conflicted.

‘Look at him,’ she murmured. ‘He’s horrified, Pansy. I won’t be surprised if he never wants to see me again.’

‘That man is not horrified.’ Pansy retorted softly. ‘He’s just a man who suddenly discovered that the woman of his dreams is in love with him, and is incredibly overwhelmed.’ Hermione exhaled slowly, dragging her eyes away from Malfoy to fix them on Pansy.

‘You should probably know that his thing for you isn’t exactly new, Granger.’ Pansy moved to sit on the sofa, patting the space next to her for Hermione to sit down. ’Before he was betrothed to Astoria, he was always going on about you, always staring at you. We all saw it, but I can safely say that none of us, especially him, ever imagined you’d reciprocate.’

Hermione couldn’t respond, her mind whirling as she thought back to Narcissa’s identical words that day at the care home.

‘Unfortunately, Draco is also fully aware of the exact chain of events that led you to him, so you can only imagine how much his heart is breaking right now, the guilt he’s feeling.’

Hermione couldn’t help the sob that rose in her throat. ‘I didn’t mean for this to happen, Pansy,’ she whispered. ‘I didn’t ever expect to find myself here. I…I just wanted to help… ‘

‘It’s not your fault.’ Pansy interrupted. ‘And it’s not Draco’s either. The fact is, if Astoria hadn’t died, your paths probably would never have crossed again. Draco would have remained married. He would have continued being the best father and husband he could have been under the circumstances, even if it wasn’t the life he chose. You need to know that about him, Granger. Draco Malfoy is the most loyal, unbelievably protective man you’ll ever meet. He’d die for the people he loves. He’d kill for them.’

Hermione thought about what she’d seen of Malfoy - the way he treated Aurora, his friends. She knew what Pansy was saying was true.

‘He loved Astoria.’ She murmured. ‘He did everything he could for her.’

Pansy nodded, shiny black hair swishing. ‘He did. The bond they had was special, definitely. But it wasn’t romantic love, Granger. For either of them. Don’t forget I was Astoria’s friend too, so I know. Certain things - husband and wife things, they were mandated - part of the contract. Draco has never experienced the feelings he has for you now. It’s all completely new to him, and that’s why he’s so… you know.’ Pansy waved a hand and Hermione nodded. She knew.

‘I just don’t want to seem like I’m trying to replace her.’ She admitted, hating herself for the selfishness beneath what she was saying, the fear. ‘Draco and Astoria had a whole life together. She’s Aurora’s mother. He still… he’s still wearing his wedding ring.’ Hermione forced the words out of her mouth, ashamed to admit that the ring meant so much to her.

Pansy nodded. ‘I think it’s a symbol for him - respect, memory, honouring the sacrifices Astoria made for him and Aurora. He’s tortured with survivor's guilt, fighting himself all the time. He doesn’t feel like he deserves the things she’ll never have.’

Hermione said nothing, her chest squeezing as she finally understood what the ring meant to Malfoy, why he felt he couldn’t take it off. Her heart broke for him all over again.



Outside, they watched Blaise lower himself to his knees on the balcony, pulling Malfoy into a tight hug. He rested his head on his friend’s shoulder, accepting the comfort, finally.

Pansy put a hand gently on Hermione’s arm.

‘I think you’re exactly what Draco wants and needs,’ Pansy smiled a little sadly. ‘You bring out a side of him I haven’t seen in so long. He can be vulnerable around you, he lets you see the soft, gorgeous heart he hides underneath all that shiny armour. And the way he trusts you with Aurora - It’s everything.’

Hermione inhaled a shaky breath. ‘That trust means so much to me, Pansy. I’d never do anything to hurt either of them. Draco and Aurora, to me they’re-‘

Pansy put a hand on Hermione’s arm.

‘I know. And Draco does too. That’s why he’s so-‘

Suddenly, Pansy froze, her eyes widening. ‘Ah shit, they’re coming back in. Quick! Act like you just walked back into the room.’

Hermione felt like she had whiplash. ‘Wh-what?’

Pansy was frantically wiping mascara from underneath her eyes, smoothing down her hair. ‘He doesn’t know that you know that he knows,’ she hissed, as though Hermione was meant to understand. ‘He won’t want you to see him upset. And he’ll kill me for saying anything to you. Just…be normal.’ Hermione stared at Pansy open-mouthed, her emotionally steam-rolled mind struggling to catch up.

The two men got closer to the door, their low voices rumbling through the glass.

‘Oh, god.’ Hermione frantically swiped at her own face, barely managing to plaster on what she hoped was an unassuming smile before Blaise pushed down the handle and he and Malfoy stepped inside, bringing with them a cool waft of night air.

‘Alright?’ Blaise asked, affecting his own mild expression. ‘Aurora all settled, Granger?’

‘Y-yes. She’s fine. She’s fast asleep.’ Hermione glanced up at Malfoy, who was hovering behind Blaise, staring down at the ground. He was pale, his nose pink-tipped. Hermione desperately wanted to hug him.

‘Sorry. We were just ah - there was umm, a seagull - outside.’ Malfoy muttered, his voice cracking slightly.

‘A…seagull?’

‘Yeah,’ he shrugged, still not meeting her eye. ‘It was uh, it was drowning in the pool. I was just helping Blaise rescue it.’ He nudged Blaise in the ribs. ‘Wasn’t I, mate?’

Blaise’s brown eyes widened incredulously, he bit his lip, trying and failing to hide his amusement as next to him, Pansy coughed to cover up a strangled snort.

‘Yeah, yeah. It was sort of…’ Blaise flapped his arms, mimicking what she thought was supposed to be a drowning seabird.

‘Oh,’ Hermione breathed. ‘Goodness. I hope it’s okay now?’

Malfoy finally met her gaze, silvery eyes red-rimmed, shining and beautiful. ‘Yeah,’ he murmured. ‘It’s…it’s okay now. It - uh - it’s good. Really good.’

Hermione smiled, and after a moment, Malfoy grinned back. The smile lit up his whole face, bunching his cheeks and revealing the dimples on either side. He stepped towards her, crossing the room quickly so that in a few short paces he’d closed the distance, pulling her into his arms and dipping his head to press his face into her collarbone. Hermione hugged him as tightly as she could, feeling him tremble against her as she ran one hand over his back, threading the fingers of the other through the soft blonde hair at the nape of his neck.

She thought she’d like to stay like that indefinitely, enveloped in Draco Malfoy’s arms, where everything felt less scary, where they didn’t need words, didn't need to face the difficulty of their situation. Because now the truth was out. Malfoy now knew exactly how she felt about him (even if they were both pretending he didn’t), and he was standing here, holding onto her like she was the only thing keeping him afloat.

‘We’re leaving now,’ Blaise’s quiet voice came from somewhere behind her. Hermione had almost forgotten they were there. ‘Pansy and I will walk you back.’

Reluctantly, she pulled away and Malfoy did too, letting his arms drop from her waist as he stepped back.

While he went to check on Aurora, she moved around the Penthouse in a semi-daze, hunting down her shoes and handbag. Malfoy insisted on her keeping his jumper, and Hermione didn’t argue. She planned on wearing it every chance she got.

He watched her slip on her heels and then walked them to the door, kissing Pansy on the cheek before she and Blaise headed towards the lift, telling Hermione they’d wait for her in the lobby.

Hermione paused at the threshold, looking up at Malfoy, wondering if he was going to say anything about what he’d heard now they were alone. He stayed silent, aggressively chewing the inside of his cheek, his eyes fixed on her face.

‘Goodnight then, Draco,’ she murmured eventually. ‘I’ll call you tomorrow, okay?’ She stepped out into the Penthouse hallway, heels sinking into the plush carpet.

Malfoy caught her hand before she could walk away, long fingers enveloping hers and tugging her gently back towards him. Hermione stopped, her breath hitching as she turned.

His grey eyes were stormy, his jaw working in that way he often had when he was struggling to articulate what he wanted to say. She waited, breath held.

Slowly, he flipped her hand palm up, bringing it to his mouth and pressing a small, tender kiss to the inside of her wrist, his breath dancing hot and damp along her bare skin.

He stayed like that for a long moment, his head bowed, eyebrows drawn together, his lips searingly hot where they touched.

When he finally straightened, his expression was tight, the darkness in his eyes churning ferociously. He closed them and let go of her hand, stepping back to grip onto the doorframe tightly. ‘Goodnight, Granger,’ he whispered, turning away. ‘Sleep well.’

Hermione walked away from the Penthouse, once again frustrated, confused and aching with desire.



* * *



There was an owl waiting for her when she arrived home, the same owl she’d seen before, perched on the kitchen sill, its harness bearing the Hospital insignia. With a gasp, Hermione ran to the window and yanked it open, unwrapping the parchment from the owl’s leg with trembling fingers. She scanned it quickly, eyes widening as she read.



Hermione squealed with excitement, jumping up and down in her empty flat. The owl watched her with wary, yellow eyes for a moment before ruffling his feathers indignantly and flying away, seeming to have made his own judgment on the woman he’d delivered his post to. Hermione clasped the parchment to her chest as hot, disbelieving tears spilt down her cheeks, unable to quite process the words she’d just read.

Her first instinct was always to call Harry whenever she had any news, good or bad, so she surprised herself when she pulled her phone from her bag and found her finger hovering over Malfoy’s number on the display. She stared at the screen, every cell in her body urging her to call him, if only to hear his voice.

She had to force herself to cancel the call. It was too late to tell anyone now, her news could wait until morning.

Instead, she plopped down on the couch, the parchment clenched between sweating fingers and read it and reread until she must have fallen asleep, huddled in Malfoy’s hoodie, the blanket she now kept on the end of the sofa pulled over her bare legs.



* * *



The next few weeks passed quickly.

Theo and Harry had returned from Milan, tanned and exhausted, with a successful arrest to Harry’s name and matching tattoos healing beneath their clothes.

‘Jesus, Harry!’ Hermione had exclaimed the first morning he’d returned, sitting on the sofa in front of him as he’d hooked two fingers into the waistband of his work trousers, dipping the material low enough that she wasn’t quite sure where he was going to stop. Just below his hip, where the toned muscle of his lower belly hollowed into the jut of his pelvic bone, Harry had tattooed Theo’s name in small, cursive letters, looping diagonally, dipping down towards his groin.

‘It’s beautiful,’ Hermione breathed, leaning closer for a better look.

‘That’s what he said,’ Harry laughed, pulling his pants back up with a snap.

‘And Theo has the same?’

‘Well, yeah,’ Harry pulled a face. ‘But it’s my name, obviously. It would be weird to have his own name tattooed next to his cock.’

‘You’re as good as married now.’ Hermione teased, her mind wandering as it often did to another set of hip tattoos, unfurling down a muscular, scarred abdomen, her mind’s eye always ready to conjure up the familiar, beloved image.

‘Mmmm.’

Harry’s reply was quiet, nothing like the hasty rebuff she’d expected. She glanced up to find his green eyes thoughtful, his lower lip worrying between his teeth.

‘Wait… you don’t seem opposed to the idea… Harry, do you like the thought of marrying Theo?’

Harry blushed handsomely, his cheeks almost matching the red of his Auror uniform.

‘I mean… I’m going to be thirty in a few weeks. I’ve never even come close to finding anyone as perfect as he is… I just…’ Harry sighed, flopping next to her on the sofa. He lay his head on her lap, nestling in close, folding his large body up as small as he could get it. ‘I’m a bit...’

‘A bit what, Harry?’

He shrugged, turning so his face was buried so deeply in the pillow that she could barely hear him when he mumbled, ’scared.’

Hermione didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. She thought about what she knew of Harry through the years, his willingness, no, his determination to put himself at risk, his infuriating addiction to danger. The thought of him being scared was heartbreaking. This was a different type of fear.

She stroked her hands tenderly through his tangled mop of hair, breathing in his comforting, warm scent. ‘What are you scared of, sweetheart?’

‘I…’ Harry swallowed noisily. ‘I’m scared of Theo,’ his voice was quiet. ‘I’m scared of how much I love him… it’s always been hard to hold on to the people I love, and… I just love him so fucking much, Mi. I can hardly stand it.’

‘Oh, Harry,’ she wrapped her arms around his ribs and squeezed him as best she could in the position they were in.

Harry turned onto his back. ‘In Milan, sharing the hotel room…getting to come home to him after work every night. It was-‘ he sat up, eyes shining. ‘I never thought I’d want that, Mione. That domesticity. But, fuck. With Theo, I want it all. I want to wake up with him, go to bed with him. I want a life with him.’

Hermione smiled and hugged Harry tighter, her heart almost bursting with joy even as she’d realised what this potentially meant for her. ‘Well then,’ she whispered. ‘Maybe it’s time you started thinking about how and when you’re going to tell him that.’



* * *



Over the next few weeks, Hermione continued to see Malfoy almost daily, although they were rarely alone. He didn’t mention anything about the baby monitor and so, neither did she, forcing her feelings down as more important things demanded her attention.

She prepped for her first meeting with the board, avoiding Ernie’s loaded questions and bitter insinuations about how she’d managed to convince the hospital to give her the full funding amount when his had been completely rejected.

Hermione forced herself to remain professional at work, refusing to engage in gossip about the presentations. However, she’d heard from Danielle that Ernie’s rejection was apparently because his results for a proposed pain relief potion had been skewed by unreliable data, rather than anything to do with her own funding.

She’d had several meetings with Healer Jennings, working out a new shift plan, timetabling her hours on and off the ward. She knew the next few months were going to be busy, but she’d never been averse to hard work. She threw herself into her planning, bubbling with excitement about what the opportunity could bring.



* * *



A few weeks after she’d suggested it, Malfoy had reluctantly agreed to attend Padma’s baby class, although he was adamant he couldn’t go without her, almost backing out several times. She finally had a Wednesday off, and so they’d made their way to Padma and Ron’s cosy cottage, Malfoy grumbling all the way about germs and viruses the other babies might be harbouring, casting every protective spell he knew over a bewildered Aurora before unclipping her from her car seat.

Padma had welcomed them warmly, ushering Malfoy and Aurora into the living room where she held her classes.

Hermione’s heart had squeezed at the sight of him in his pressed shirt and trousers, long legs stretched out, Aurora propped in between them as the two of them sat within a circle of mothers and babies, silently observing their surroundings, twin expressions of uncertainty on their faces.

He did well with the massage part, elegant hands deft and nimble as he followed Padma’s instructions, gently rubbing lavender oil over Aurora's chubby legs and kicking feet. He laughed quietly when she squirmed, continually carrying on a hushed conversation with his baby in what Hermione now realised seemed to be almost entirely whispered French.

When Padma brought out the coloured scarves, he began to look doubtful, and singing nursery rhymes turned out to be a hard no. Hermione had offered to take over and he’d gratefully vacated the circle, leaning against a wall at the back of the room, arms folded, eyes never moving from where Hermione sat with Aurora in her lap, singing and enthusiastically performing the actions whilst Aurora fisted her hands into Hermione’s T-shirt and nestled into her chest, peeping cautiously around at the other babies with a fascinated if somewhat suspicious expression.

Predictably, the other mothers were equally as fascinated with Malfoy, all clambering to engage him in conversation after the class. He sipped his tea politely, giving vague, one-word answers, widening his eyes at Hermione accusingly when she came back from chatting to Padma in the kitchen. Hermione was aware that every person there knew exactly who they both were, sensing the room’s attention on them as they left, knowing that they’d be the topic of conversation the second the door closed, everyone speculating exactly what the relationship was between them.

Hermione wished she knew.

Malfoy seemed to still want to be around her every moment he could. He was always finding reasons to touch her, always looking at her. He sat next to her whenever they had dinner with Theo and Harry or met up as a group. He wore her hair ties around his wrist, always made sure he saved her the last Percy Pig in the pack….

But…

He’d still made no attempt to talk to her about what he’d heard, and nothing more had happened since the day of her presentation. Hermione hadn’t been able to sleep, waiting for her phone to ring late at night, frantically checking for missed texts every morning when she woke up.

She knew it was wrong to feel frustrated, that she had no right to have any expectations of Malfoy when he was clearly still so fragile, still adjusting to his new life as a single father and widower.

But, Pansy had been so certain he felt the same way she did, and so had Ginny. Between the picture messages and the things he’d said, Hermione knew she hadn’t been imagining what was happening between them… or what had been happening between them.

Because now, she could only come to one conclusion - he’d heard her confession and realised that it wasn’t what he wanted. She wasn’t what he wanted, not in the same way she wanted him at least.

Hermione was a good person. She always did the right thing. And so, she forced down the sharp sting of rejection and pasted a smile on her face.

It looked like they really were just friends, after all.



* * *



The joint birthday party was happening.

Somehow, Harry and Theo had managed to convince Malfoy it was a goer, and Pansy had instantly stepped up to help Hermione organise it.

They spent their evenings together at the penthouse, putting together a guest list, designing invitations, booking a venue and discussing food options.

Malfoy and Blaise sat separately at the glass table, poring over the deeds to the manor, discussing how Malfoy could free himself from the intricate blood ties woven into the wards. Harry eventually went to join them, floating the prospect of Auror involvement to help Draco with dismantling some of the darker cursework.

‘Why don’t you come into the Ministry next week?’ Harry suggested. ‘Kingsley would love to see you. We can talk about the manor, and maybe it could be the first step towards you coming back to work? There have been a few cases recently where we could have done with your expertise.’

Malfoy had looked over at Aurora, who was fast asleep in Hermione’s arms, his expression doubtful.

‘She could come with you for the meeting?’ Harry suggested. ‘See how you feel afterwards. Even if it’s only consulting at first, giving advice to our department Cursebreakers. You don’t need to actually attend any active scenes.’

Malfoy had eventually agreed, and Hermione had thought he actually looked quite excited about it, more than he did for the party, which he was still resistant to, despite the plan they’d put in place so that two of them were always with Aurora at any given time.

‘I’ll be checking on you two,’ he’d warned, eyeballing Harry and Theo. ‘I’m not having you shagging in the hot tub when you’re supposed to be looking after my daughter.’

Theo had laughed, rising from the sofa to wrap his arms around Harry’s neck, mouthing along his jaw as Harry reached up to pull him closer. ‘We’ll just have to shag in the hot tub before we go then, won’t we, darling?’

Malfoy had rolled his eyes, picking up his reading glasses and putting them back on. ‘Let’s get this manor business sorted.’ He said to Blaise. ‘I think Aurora and I will be looking for our own place sooner rather than later.’



* * *



The party approached quickly.

Malfoy hadn’t wanted any fuss on his actual birthday. He’d chosen to spend it with Narcissa, taking a picnic to share with her in the grounds of the care home.

He’d been pale and subdued when they had all met up later that evening, and Hermione got the distinct impression the day hadn’t gone particularly well, although, true to form, he said nothing, responding vaguely when she’d enquired after Narcissa’s health.

She’d watched his face nervously as he’d opened her gift, a framed print of a photo she’d taken on her phone a few weeks before. A candid photo of him with Aurora (Theo had told her candid photos were better, after all). He’d been talking to his daughter in that way he had, Aurora sitting on his knees facing him as he muttered quietly to her, his hands wrapped around her tummy, their eyes fixed on one another. Aurora had reached towards him, her fingertips brushing gently over her father’s cheek. It turned out to be an unintentionally tender moment as a split second later, she tried to ram her finger aggressively up his nose, but regardless, Hermione had captured it, and it was beautiful. Malfoy had been speechless when he’d seen it. He hadn’t been able to stop looking at it the entire night, propping it up on the marble kitchen worktop along with his other gifts - A designer shirt from Pansy, cufflinks from Blaise and a huge box of Muggle sweets from Harry and Theo. ‘A lifetime supply, apparently.’ Theo had announced proudly.

She hadn’t seen him for a few days in the lead-up to the party. She’d had a few days off work and had used them to meet with the caterers and drop off decorations at the bar. On the Thursday, she’d gone shopping with Luna, the blue floaty dress she’d chosen being immediately rejected by Pansy, who Owled several parcels to her flat the next day, all filled with dresses she’d never dream of buying for herself. She tried some of them on, marvelling at the way they moulded themselves to her body, the silk falling like water, the beadwork glittering in the light. This was the difference between her budget and the Slytherin’s she realised. No wonder they all always looked so good.



* * *



The night of the actual party, Ginny had come over to get ready. Hermione was fizzing with nerves as she sipped her first glass of Pinot, praying that everything she, Theo and Pansy had organised would go off without a hitch.

They’d kept the guest list relatively small, even on Harry’s side, only inviting people they knew Malfoy would be comfortable with.

Neville wasn’t coming. He’d split with Hannah and had decided to leave London to go travelling alone. She’d received an owl a few days ago, immediately recognising Neville’s handwriting on the envelope, but she’d chosen not to open it yet, tucking it into her bedside drawer out of sight.



* * *



The dress she'd decided on for the evening was much more daring than anything she’d worn before - black silk, split high on her thigh and embellished with tiny black sequins that shimmered like jewels when she moved. It dipped dangerously low in the back, and she'd never been so grateful for magic as she fixed it at the front, ensuring she was showing just the right amount of modest cleavage.

'Jesus fucking Christ, Mione.' Ginny breathed when she stepped out of her bedroom and performed a small, shy twirl. 'If I weren't already a lesbian, I definitely would be after seeing you in that.' Ginny's blue eyes swept admiringly up and down Hermione's figure, and she laughed, not sure if she should be embarrassed.

'Do you think it's too much?'

'Hell no,' Ginny said. 'If this is for a certain someone’s benefit, then you're spot on. He’s going to lose his shit when he sees you in that.'

'It's not for anyone’s benefit.' Hermione blushed. 'I just want to look nice for Harry's birthday. I'm only ever dressed in healer robes or jeans, it's a nice excuse to dress up.'

'I believe you,' Ginny responded wryly. 'Thousands wouldn't.'

Ginny also looked gorgeous in an emerald green cocktail dress, her silky red hair flowing past her elbows. Hermione watched it swish enviously, wishing, as usual, that her own hair could be as well behaved.

Pre-emptively, she decided to pin hers up for the evening, thinking it would be cooler, and also, that way she could show off the dip at the back of the dress and the delicate spaghetti shoulder straps. She left a few curls down to frame her face and neck, adding a set of gold teardrop earrings and a thin chain bracelet. Her shoes were Louis Vuitton, strappy with gold accents. She'd never worn them before, but they complemented her outfit perfectly and she had a matching bag, so she decided it was the perfect night for their maiden outing.

Hermione grew more nervous as they prepared to leave for the bar, butterflies swirling in the pit of her stomach. She checked her makeup one last time, and then she and Ginny twisted on the spot and Apparated straight into London.



* * *



The Slippery Serpent was new and more high-end than most Wizarding bars. It was owned by Anthony Goldstein, a Ravenclaw they'd gone to school with and whom Harry, thankfully, had never had any form of sexual relations with - no mean feat for a gay man in Wizarding London.

The bar was dimly lit and decadent, with shining black floors and a mix of plush seating and high tables. The bar was onyx, with chandeliers glittering in the amber light. She and Pansy had been in charge of decorations, and they were tasteful and understated, a mix of black and gold (other than the huge lit up sign above the bar that said 'Potter and Malfoy's Dirty Fuckin Thirty' that one had been Theo's doing).

'Granger, darling, you're late.' Pansy approached from behind, a vision in a silver beaded dress, her hair styled into a deep side part, her eyes striking beneath a layer of smoky make-up. 'The food is all set to appear at nine. The cake is in the back and the DJ starts his set any minute.’

‘Sorry,’ Hermione breathed, unsure why she was holding her breath as her eyes darted around the room. ‘What do you need me to do?’

‘Nothing. Everything’s ready to go. Blaise and I are heading to the Penthouse for our shift with Aurora now, so Draco should be here any moment. We’ll see you in an hour or so.’

Pansy blew her a kiss and Disapparated, leaving Hermione to begin making her way slowly through the bar, greeting people she knew. She hugged Padma and Ron, waving to Luna and Angelina, who were already on the dance floor, two-stepping around their handbags. A passing waiter offered her a glass of champagne and she accepted gratefully, glad for something to do with her hands.

She spotted Harry at the bar, already looking slightly tipsy. He was standing in the middle of a group of people, waving a cocktail around as he enthusiastically retold the story of his recent kidnapping arrest. Theo stood off to the side, heartbreakingly handsome in a navy fitted suit, blue eyes fixed on Harry intently.

The loud crack made her jump when it came, even though she’d been waiting for it, anticipating it. It was a sound she’d only heard once before, but that was permanently burned into her memory, the violence of it sending a shiver of electricity through her entire body.

She turned, already knowing who she’d find. Instantly, her lungs refused to take in more air, her heart banging wildly behind her ribs.

Malfoy was dressed entirely in black, the curling smoke of his Apparition still twisting around him, dissipating slowly into the haze of the bar.

His hair was sleek, swept back from his face, his fitted shirt rolled at the cuffs, pulled tight over his shoulders. The effect of black on black below his pale hair was striking, the whole look accentuating his excessive height, the sharp angles of his body.

He wasn’t smiling, his unease obvious as his eyes swept the room. He checked the monitoring charm again before pushing his wand into his back pocket, several chunky silver rings glinting on his fingers and thumb. Hermione’s mouth went dry at the sight of them. A subtle reminder of who he’d been before fatherhood, who he still was without muslin cloths draped over his shoulder and pink socks tucked into his sweatshirt pocket - a wealthy Pureblood, a previously convicted criminal, an introverted, yet undeniably commanding man.

Hermione was frozen, heat prickling along her neck as she waited for him to find her.

She felt, as well as saw, the exact moment when he did.

It was like a crack of lightning between them.

Steel grey eyes locked with hers and he stiffened, his jaw clenching hard. His eyes slowly travelled up her body and then down again, his hands flexing at his sides, nostrils flaring.

Hermione waited. She waited for Draco to walk across the bar and kiss her cheek and grumble about how many people he was going to have to talk to for the next hour.

But he didn’t move. He seemed locked in place, unable to pull his eyes away, unable to do anything except stand there and stare. Hermione stared back, pinned by his gaze, her face hot, her stomach rolling. Unbidden, she felt her nipples tighten underneath her dress, an uncomfortable warmth spreading outwards from her lower belly, pulsing potent and dangerous through her veins. As if Malfoy knew what he was doing to her, his eyes drifted lower momentarily. He swallowed, his Adam’s apple sliding slowly down his throat as his eyes flickered back up to hers.

Just when it looked as though he might finally be about to step towards her, a hand came down on his shoulder and he jerked with surprise. Dean and Seamus, both with drinks in hand, stepped in front of him, shaking his hand, enthusiastically wishing him a happy birthday as Harry and Theo also realised he’d arrived, crowding around him and calling to the barman, asking what he was having to drink. Malfoy allowed himself to be manhandled to the bar, glancing back at her as a whisky was pressed into his hand. After that, Hermione couldn’t see him any more. He was swallowed up by the group of men, her view blocked by Theo’s back as he slung an arm around Malfoy’s shoulders, and they all began chanting for him and Harry to down their drinks.

With her blood still thundering in her ears, she turned away in search of Ginny, swallowing the rest of her champagne and grabbing another from the waiter as she passed.



* * *



Hermione didn’t see Malfoy for a while after that, she assumed he was back at the Penthouse, checking that Pansy and Blaise were alright with Aurora.

She sat at a table with Ginny and Luna, trying to focus on the conversation, but she couldn’t stop herself from continually searching the bar for a flash of blonde hair.

Theo and Harry were now on the dancefloor, Harry’s thigh firmly inserted between Theo’s legs, his shirt rising up as Theo’s fingers spread wide over his stomach and then hooked into his belt loops, pulling their bodies flush. The two men danced as though they were the only people in the room, hips undulating, pelvises pressed close. Harry was murmuring something into Theo’s ear that had his eyes rolling back, his expression that of a man in absolute bliss, like there was nowhere on earth he’d rather be than wrapped around Harry Potter, feeling him grind between his legs, slow and filthy, as though any space that existed between them was a personal insult and must immediately be rectified.

Feeling flustered at the visible arousal on Theo’s face, Hermione rose from her seat, intending to head to the bathroom. Suddenly, a person stepped into her path, a blonde man, but not the one she’d been hoping for.

‘Hello there, Gorgeous.’

She looked up to find Cormac McLaggen grinning widely, his white shirt open to the chest, blue eyes sparkling.

‘Cormac,’ she breathed. ‘Hi, how are you?’

‘I’m bloody fantastic.’ He purred. ‘This place is great, isn’t it? Nice to see Malfoy out and about too.’ Hermione nodded, feeling herself colour as Cormac’s eyes travelled the length of her body, lingering for a beat too long on the split at her thigh. ‘Hermione, has anyone told you you’re looking absolutely breathtaking tonight?’

‘Oh…’ she shrugged. ‘Well, Ginny did, I suppose,’ Hermione couldn’t help the small tinge of wistfulness that made its way into her words.

Cormac’s smile widened to Cheshire Cat proportions, white teeth glinting in the flashing lights. ‘Well then, lucky me.’ He leaned in, smelling of overly strong cologne and alcohol, the martini glass in his hand empty save for a lone olive on a cocktail stick. ‘You look fucking incredible,’ he murmured. ‘Like a literal goddess.’

Hermione laughed nervously, taking a small step back. ‘Th-thank you, Cormac,’ she stuttered. ‘That’s very kind.’

‘Will you let me buy you a drink?’ Cormac motioned towards the bar where several other men she recognised as colleagues of Harry’s were standing. ‘No funny business, I promise. I just want to buy a beautiful lady a drink.’

Across the room, she suddenly spotted Malfoy. He was standing next to Dean and Ron, a fresh whisky in hand. Dean was speaking animatedly, but Malfoy clearly wasn’t listening. He was watching her, his fingers clenched around his glass, his eyes glittering in the low light. Their gaze met just as Cormac put a hand on the small of her back and leaned in, blocking her view of Malfoy once again. ‘Champagne, is it?’

Hermione faltered, every nerve in her body attuned to Malfoy, to the thrum of writhing magic she felt pulsing in her direction.

‘Champagne?’ Cormac asked again, smiling expectantly. ‘Or a cocktail?’

‘Oh, umm. I’m not sure I- ‘

The telltale loud crack came only a moment later. Her heart sinking, Hermione peered over Cormac’s shoulder, finding only a curl of black smoke and an empty space where Malfoy had been just a moment before.

‘Sorry,’ she muttered, stepping out of McLaggen's path. ‘Thank you, Cormac, but I was just on my way to the loo.’



* * *



Hermione was definitely tipsy. She knew she’d probably had too much to drink too quickly, but she was past caring (plus she had several vials of high-powered Sober-Up in her bag ready for her turn to watch Aurora).

The party was in full swing, the music from the DJ thudding through the floor. Around her, their small group of friends were either sitting at one of the tables, sipping drinks at the bar, or dancing together under the flashing lights. The room was filled with laughter and good spirits, a true testament to how times had changed, she thought as she watched Ginny and Pansy (who had just swapped with Harry and Theo) clink their glasses.

Hermione wanted to enjoy the party; they were here celebrating the thirtieth birthdays of two men she cared for deeply, both of whom had very nearly not made it out of their teens.

But, as she looked around, Hermione couldn’t help feeling…low. She didn’t really even know what she’d been hoping for from the evening, wasn’t sure what she’d expected to happen, but standing alone at ten pm wasn’t exactly how she’d planned her night to go.

She was just about to step away from the bar when she detected a familiar scent, quickly followed by the heat of someone standing just behind her. She exhaled slowly, her body instantly responding as a moment later she found herself caged in by Malfoy’s arms, ice clinking as he slammed his glass down on the bar.

‘Draco,’ she whispered.

Finally.

Hermione instinctively leaned back as she felt him press tight behind her. ‘Are you trying to kill me, Granger?’ He murmured, his voice low in her ear. ‘Is that what tonight has been? An assassination attempt?’

She tilted her head, savouring the hot breaths ghosting along her bare shoulder.

‘I have no idea what you mean.’

He leaned closer. ‘I swear, if McLaggen doesn’t back the fuck off, I can’t be held responsible for what I do to him.’

Heat bloomed low in Hermione’s belly, her pulse thrumming.

‘I don’t see the problem, Draco?’ She said, moving her lips to his ear so he could hear her over the music. ‘I've spent the night alone. As far as Cormac knows, I’m single. Why wouldn't he make a move?’





His growl of frustration was loud. He gripped her waist firmly, spinning her around to face him.

They were so close she could feel his jagged breaths against her lips, the press of his hips, the hardness between them. He ran an agitated hand through his hair.

‘McLaggen is mistaken.’

She raised her chin defiantly. ‘Then what am I? If I’m not single?… You tell me, because I don’t know-‘

His jaw firmed, his eyes almost black as they burned into hers.

‘Mine.’

Time seemed to judder to a stop.

Hermione couldn’t speak, she couldn’t breathe.

Her heart galloped at a frenetic pace as she held his gaze, the blood that was already pumping through her veins turned searing, molten.

Malfoy bent his head lower, bringing their faces so close that his lips brushed hers when he spoke.

‘I’m trying so fucking hard to do the right thing,’ he murmured. ‘I’m trying to be a good man. But you, Granger… You’re testing every bit of resolve I have.’ He let out a long, shuddering breath. ‘Do you know how hard it’s been to watch you tonight? Do you know how much I’ve wanted to kill every man that’s so much as fucking looked at you? Cormac McLaggen is lucky he’s still even breathing.’

Hermione squeezed her thighs together, her gut clenching hard at the venom in his tone. ‘You make me feel weak.’ He continued, his voice ragged. ‘Every time I look at you, it’s like I’m burning alive, every time I hear your voice, I’m on my fucking knees. I’m so lost in you. I can’t… I can’t handle it any more. I can’t keep fighting whatever it is that you’ve been doing to me these past eight months.’

‘I don’t want you to.’

The words left her mouth before she could swallow them.

Malfoy seemed to sway slightly on his feet, his body pressing against hers. She could feel how much he wanted her, feel the thick, heavy weight throbbing hard and hot against her lower belly.

‘Don’t-‘ he bit out. ‘Don’t say things like that, because my self-control is hanging on by a fucking thread.’

Hermione couldn’t help herself, she arched her back, just the slightest tilt of her hips, but it was enough. Malfoy bowed forward, a low, rough sound punched from his lungs.

‘F-fuck.’ He panted. ‘I- I can’t-‘

‘Draco,’ Hermione whispered, her own chest rising and falling rapidly. ‘I know you heard what I said to Aurora, and I meant it. I already think you’re a good man. I know you are.’

He shook his head. ‘You deserve the fucking world and… I’m… I don't want to let you down.’ His grey eyes were wide, beseeching, despite the obvious, raw need in the swollen black of his pupils. ‘I don’t want to give you something broken, Granger… I want… I want to give you the best of me. I want to give you everything.’

‘Please, Draco.’ She reached for him, curling her fist into his shirt as the desperate need that had been building for so long took over, stripping her of any self-control, any sense of self-preservation. She couldn’t think about what came after tonight, only what was happening in this very moment.

‘I want you,’ she whispered. ‘I want you just as you are. I don't need you to be perfect, I don’t need you to be fixed. I just need you, now. I need you to touch me, I need you to kiss me - I need- .’

Hermione felt the precise moment Malfoy broke.

He made another anguished, choked-off sound in the back of his throat. His eyes squeezed shut, his forehead dropping against his hers. 'N-not here,' he rasped. 'Not with fucking Weasley staring at the back of my head like he wants to hex my cock off.' Hermione glanced up, peering past Draco's silver gaze to find that - yes - Ron was staring in their direction, but she thought his expression was definitely leaning more towards scandalised than outraged. An unexpected, mad giggle bubbled from her chest.

'Where?' Malfoy grit out. 'Where, Granger - I need-‘

'Outside,' she reached for his hand, winding their fingers together. ‘Follow me.’

Heart pounding, Hermione began towing him towards the exit, ignoring the whistles and cat calls from their friends as they passed. Malfoy allowed himself to be dragged, his breath hitching, his usual inscrutable composure nowhere to be seen. They made their way hurriedly up the steps that led out of the bar, stumbling together as they burst out of the door into the cool night air.

Hermione barely had time to register the cobbled alley outside the bar before Malfoy muttered ‘Nox’ and his hands slammed into the bricks on either side of her head.

He panted as he crowded her back against the wall. 'Are you sure you want this? Because, if I kiss you now, if I give in to how badly I want you, I'm not sure how I'm going to be able to stop.'

'I already told you,' she whispered, stretching up so their noses bumped. 'I don't want you to stop.'

'Fuck…Hermione.'

Malfoy thrust one shaking hand into her hair, the other scooping under her bum as he effortlessly hoisted her up to his waist, pinning her hard against the wall. Hermione gasped, her legs wrapping instinctively around his hips, the silk of her dress falling around her thighs.

His next muttered ‘fuck,’ was against her lips, a low, protracted groan vibrating up through his chest. Hermione’s fingers wound through the soft hair at his nape, frantically pulling him closer.

She was incinerating, bolts of electricity searing through every cell in her body as, with a final sobbed exhale, his lips parted and his tongue licked desperately, hungrily into her mouth.

Hermione wanted to burst into tears - it was really happening. Draco Malfoy was finally, finally kissing her, and it was devastating.



Chapter End Notes

Eeeeee! They finally gave in!!!! Next chapter they DEFINITELY need to talk, and inside, the party continues! No spoilers!

Thank you so much for reading!

Edited to add: This chapter has been updated with some stunning art to accompany it by the very talented rrrlete (instagram) Please head over there and give her some love! https://www.instagram.com/rrrlette?igsh=MXVsbnNkajY5c28yMw==





Chapter 23: Just as long as you stand


Chapter Notes

Helloooooo! And happy new year! Firstly, can I preface by saying thank you for your support and patience whilst I got this new chapter ready. Time has been almost impossible to find over the last few weeks and getting to this point feels epic!

That being said, I’m also nervous to post this chapter as it obviously marks a big shift in Draco and Hermione’s relationship.

As I’ve said many times before, neither of these two pretend to be perfect. They both continually try to do the right thing, but also, they are only human and sometimes human emotions can rule their heads and they can just be caught up in how they feel in the moment.

This chapter is quite emotional in parts but mostly just focusing on THEM and how their relationship is developing. The bigger picture of their lives still continues on around them but this time, I wanted Draco to just be focused on Hermione, I felt like he owed her that.

The next few chapters are very plot heavy, you may notice I’ve also tentatively added a chapter count. This doesn’t include epilogues or spin offs.

As always, I’m so grateful to you all for being here.

Lots of love

Nicky!





Draco

Draco

Draco

He was all around her. His scent, his magic, the heat of his body and the subtle spice of whisky in his mouth.

In all the times Hermione had imagined what it would be like to kiss him, she’d always thought it would be careful, hesitant - the way Draco was with so many things in his life. But there was no sign of restraint now. His kisses were urgent, uninhibited, as though he’d finally lost control of a part of himself that he’d kept caged for far too long.

He had her pinned against the alley wall, which wasn’t cold and rough like Hermione expected it to be. It was more like he was pressing her into a feather bed - the charm he’d used seemingly cast simultaneously while he’d been scooping her up and walking her backwards before slamming her into the brick and proceeding to completely and utterly ruin her.

Currently, he was using one hand to hold both of her own above her head while the other cupped her entire face, tilting her jaw so that he could blaze a trail of hot, open-mouthed kisses along the line of her throat and down to her collarbone. He was panting raggedly, muttering in a mixture of French and English. The little Hermione could make out between his choppy breaths were mostly swearwords, interspersed with other words that made her want to melt into a puddle - ‘Beautiful, Perfect,’ and another that had her feeling like she was going to scream.

‘Mine.’

He kept repeating it - into her ear, against her lips, over and over again, as if now he’d said it once, he couldn’t keep it in.

He was incredibly hard, pressing between her legs as she locked them around his waist. His hips rolled in a slow, maddening rhythm against her, every thrust so subtle that she wasn’t sure if he knew he was doing it, every grind elevating her to a place where there could be only one possible outcome.

‘D-Draco,’ she stuttered, clamping her knees tightly at his sides. ‘Oh god…this is…’

He moaned his agreement, dropping the hand that had been holding her wrists to grip her by the waist, pulling her harder down onto him. Hermione held onto his shoulders and arched her back, still needing more. He slid his palm upwards, his touch hot as he cupped her through the thin material of her dress, fingers curving around the underside, a ringed thumb brushing gently over her nipple.

She gasped into his mouth, sliding her own hands beneath his shirt so she could feel his heart pounding beneath his skin, mapping out the firm planes of his scarred chest. The cut muscles in his abdomen jumped as she trailed her fingers lower, over his belt buckle, his breath hitching as she lightly pressed a hand over the thick ridge that tented his trousers.

Hermione ran her nails along the length, feeling him twitch, throbbing noticeably in response. When she reached the damp spot at the head, he made a strangled sound, wrenching his mouth from hers and pulling his hand off her breast at the same time.

‘Ffffuck, fuck.’

Hermione opened her eyes, shocked by the sudden lack of contact.

He was staring back at her, eyes wide, his chest heaving.

Even in the low light, he looked wrecked. There was no other word for it. His face was flushed, his lips kiss-bitten and swollen. He was breathing as though he’d run a marathon, trembling more than she was, if that was possible.

‘S-sorry,’ he stuttered, pressing a steadying hand against the wall as he tried to catch his breath. ‘I have to stop or I’m going to… fuck,’ He looked around them dazedly, like a man waking up from a dream. ‘We can’t do this here.’

Hermione wanted to tell him that she didn’t care where they were. She felt half-mad with desire, teetering on a precipice, more than ready to let herself fall over the edge and bring Draco right down along with her. The thought of how close they’d gotten sent a fresh shiver running through her, and he noticed immediately, casting a wandless warming charm, smoothing his hands lightly up and down her arms, overly gentle now, like he’d just remembered who he was.

For a moment, they just looked at each other. His eyes searched her face, and Hermione could practically hear the cogs working in his mind, see the familiar panic creeping back into the grey of his irises, dampening the blazing fire from inside the bar. Before he could begin to spiral, she reached for him, holding his face between both hands and kissing him again, softly this time, sweetly. He moaned quietly into her mouth, and Hermione thought that if he wasn’t holding her up, she might have just slumped down the wall into a heap.

He dropped his forehead against hers, eyes still closed, lashes splayed over his cheeks. ‘The things I want to do to you, Granger.’ He blew out a long, shaking breath. ‘You’re so … Jesus, I can’t even think straight right now.’

When he lifted his gaze to look at her again, Hermione’s breath caught, knocked off balance as she always was by how beautiful he was up close. He stepped back and began lowering her to the ground, setting her down carefully in a complete contrast to the way he’d manhandled her a few minutes before. Hermione felt her dress glide back down her thighs, wincing at the sensation of her knickers sticking wet between her legs.

‘Are you…alright?’ He asked, concern creasing his brow. ‘I wasn’t too rough with you, was I?’

‘Not at all,’ she assured him, although it came out a little shaky, her blood still pumping fast in her veins. ‘You didn’t hurt me, Draco. I’m good…Are you?’

His mouth twisted. He still seemed to be thinking about how to respond when the door to the bar suddenly banged open, the sound loud in the empty alleyway. They both jumped, turning to find a dishevelled Theodore Nott skidding out of the door, his wand lit in front of him.

‘Nooo!’ He groaned. ‘Did I miss it?’



Heart pounding, Hermione belatedly realised that Draco had moved to stand in front of her, his Protego shimmering around them, his wand already in hand.

When he saw who it was, he paled, a look of sudden terror crossing his face. ‘Theo? Oh no. Is Aurora-‘

‘She’s fine, she’s fine,’ Theo held up his hands. ‘Don’t worry. She’s all good. She’s fast asleep with Harry at the Penthouse.’



Draco sagged, relief flooding his features. ‘Then why are you here?’ He lifted his wand to check the monitoring charm again. ‘Why aren’t you with them?’



Theo didn’t even bother trying to lie. ‘Pansy texted and said you two were snogging out here. I wanted to see it for myself.’



Hermione blanched, a small, embarrassed squeak leaving her lips. Malfoy’s expression oscillated between fury and indignation, his face darkening as he turned away from her, advancing on his friend. ‘You… wanted to…see?’



‘Yes! I did, alright?’ Theo whined defensively, backing away. ‘I miss everything! I missed what happened at the funeral home and Harry turning up in his uniform all sexy and competent, then the monitoring charm drama and the drowning pigeon, and now this! I just wanted to know if it was really happening, if you finally grew a pair and told Granger how you feel.’



Silence fell as both Hermione and Malfoy blushed, blinking speechlessly at Theo.



He recovered first, glaring at Theo as he cleared his throat. ‘Firstly,’ he began, pointing his finger accusingly between Theo’s eyes. ‘There’s something very wrong with you… And second, it wasn’t a drowning pigeon… it was a seagull.’ Hermione bit her lip, suddenly worried that she might burst out laughing. ‘Finally, the fact that Granger and I came outside surely indicates that we were looking for a level of privacy, does it not?’

Theo attempted to look outraged, drawing himself up to full height. ‘Excuse me, sir, but you watch Harry and I kiss all the time.’



‘Not by choice, you twat.’ Malfoy drawled, but he was fighting a smirk too, giving in to the ridiculousness of the conversation. Hermione let the giggle that had been bubbling in her chest escape, and Malfoy reached for her fingers, squeezing them lightly.



Blue eyes shining, Theo stalked towards them, his brows lifted.

‘Sooooo it’s true, then? You were snogging out here?’



‘It’s none of your bloody business. Granger and I were just …talking.’



‘Bullshit,’ Theo replied gleefully. ‘Granger’s got a hickey, and I can see your semi from here, Malfoy.’

Malfoy flushed, glancing down and casting a hurried Notice-Me-Not.



Hermione wondered if it was possible to die of embarrassment. She giggled again then covered her face with her hands, suddenly overwhelmed by the emotions of the evening.



Theo sobered as he stepped between them, his smile fading a little, his eyes suddenly misty. ‘Seriously though…As someone who loves you both with all my heart, this is fucking amazing news. I’m so happy for you guys.’



Draco made a soft sound of acknowledgement and when Hermione glanced up she found that he wasn’t looking at Theo, he was looking at her. Biting his lip, he reached down to tuck a curl behind her ear, and she melted into his touch, unable to quite believe this was really happening. Their gaze held, and she felt like her chest might be about to burst, her pulse fluttering in her throat.



‘Well then… I’d better get back to Harry. He’ll shit himself if Aurora wakes up and he’s on his own.’



‘Yes. Get your arse back to the penthouse, you perv,’ Malfoy’s tone was much softer than his words. ‘I’m going to come and swap with you and Potter soon, okay?’



Theo nodded. ‘Alright, mate… cool…well, I love you. I’ll see you in a bit.’ He reached out to squeeze Hermione’s arm affectionately, then Disapparated with a wave, his expression inordinately pleased.



Hermione and Malfoy stood looking at the empty space where Theo had been for a moment, the alley growing silent again, other than the music drifting out from the closed bar door. After a beat, he reached for her, pulling her into his chest and wrapping his arms tightly around her. Hermione felt him let out a long, slow breath, listening to his heart beating steadily beneath his shirt. They stood quietly in the dark for several minutes, just holding each other, letting the events of the evening sink in. Hermione inhaled Draco’s familiar scent, feeling his fingers trail lightly up and down the bare skin of her spine, his lips pressing gently to the top of her head. Not for the first time, she thought to herself that there was nowhere on earth she’d rather be than wrapped in Draco Malfoy’s arms, safe and protected, as though nothing could hurt her as long as she was with him.

She was so lost in the moment that she jolted when he finally spoke, quiet and hesitant in the way he had when he was verbalising something he found difficult.

‘I’m so sorry about the last few weeks, Granger. I… I haven’t been fair to you at all.’

Hermione stiffened but didn’t respond right away. She forced herself to wait, resting her head against his warm chest, feeling it rise and fall with his forcibly measured exhales, giving him the time he needed to say whatever he felt he had to.

‘I should have talked to you, told you I’d heard what you said to Aurora. But the truth is, it was uh, a…particularly difficult moment for me.

She felt some of her warm haze trickle away, replaced by a nagging, inescapable guilt. Deep down, she knew she’d pushed him into reacting tonight. She’d been so impatient for him to acknowledge what was happening between them that she’d played on his heightened emotions, used his possessiveness to get a reaction. She’d selfishly forgotten how distraught he’d been out on the balcony, how much more complicated all of this was for him.

‘Draco, it’s okay. You don’t need to explain.’

‘No, I do need to. I want to.’ He swallowed hard. ‘I suppose I’m still just coming to terms with how happy it made me, how badly I’d been wanting to know that you felt the same way.’

Hermione’s whole body felt warm, her chest squeezing as she tried to process his words. He felt the same way….? Did that mean?

‘I meant what I said in there, Granger,’ he took in a deep, shaking breath. ‘Every second I’m with you, I find something else to be amazed by, some other part of you that just makes me realise how perfect you are and how utterly selfish I am for wanting to keep you when I know I’m - I’m not - ‘

Hermione stepped back so she could look up at him, ‘You aren’t selfish, Draco. Nothing could be further from the truth. You’ve lived a whole life giving up pieces of yourself for other people, accepting every single consequence without any regard for your own happiness. You’ve been through hell and back, lost so much and yet somehow, you’re still the kindest, most loving man I’ve ever met.’

She watched her words wash over him, his eyes shimmering with emotion, a muscle feathering in his jaw. Hermione could see the battle raging behind his eyes, the guilt he held onto so tightly, fighting to pull him back down.

‘I never thought this would happen,’ he whispered. His voice breaking on the words. ‘I never thought this kind of life would be a possibility. When you look at me like that, when you stand there and offer me and Aurora so much, it‘s actually terrifying.’

He turned away towards the wall, his forehead thunking gently against the brick. Hermione watched him struggle, her stomach churning.

‘A better man wouldn’t have done this. A better man would have done what was best for you - Krum, McLaggen, Longbottom - they’re all falling over themselves for a chance with you and deep down, I know any one of them deserves you more than I do. I can keep trying to make up for the past, but I can’t undo it. I can’t change anything, and it fucking kills me because even though I know who am still…still I can’t find the strength I need to make myself leave you alone.’

Draco,’ she reached for his wrist, letting her fingers brush meaningfully over the letters carved into his forearm, willing him to truly hear her, to understand how deeply she meant what she was about to say. ‘I don’t want you to leave me alone... I don’t want anyone else. Can’t you see? You think you have to protect me and I understand - that’s who you are. But I don’t need protecting. Whatever you’ve done, however broken you think you are, I choose you. The man you are today. Not because I have to, because I want to.’

He turned slowly, his jaw clenched, his eyes sparkling with something Hermione couldn’t quite define.

She waited, her chest aching as she tried hard not to cry. She’d laid herself bare for him, shown him her heart in almost every way she knew how. She hadn’t lived his life. She hadn’t suffered as much loss as he had and she didn’t have a child to consider above anything else. Only Draco could decide if he was strong enough to accept what she so desperately wanted to give him.

After what felt like forever, he reached towards her, sliding his fingers around her neck and dipping his head to kiss her so softly, so tenderly that Hermione felt lightheaded, swaying precariously on her feet.

‘I want you too,‘ he whispered. ‘In every way that it’s possibly conceivable to want another person.’

Hermione exhaled, tears springing into her eyes. She hadn’t realised how much she’d wanted to hear him say it, to hear him articulate the words out loud. After all the uncertainty of the last few weeks, all the mixed emotions of the night so far, it felt so good for him to confirm that his feelings were just as intense as hers. A second later, he was kissing her again, almost like the few minutes he hadn’t been were too long. Their faces were wet and the kiss was messy, but Hermione never wanted it to end.



‘Will you come back to the Penthouse?’ He breathed as they finally forced themselves apart. ‘I… I really want to go and be with Aurora now. But maybe you can come later and we can talk properly…alone?’



Hermione smiled, knowing he’d probably spend half the night holding Aurora, whispering to her for hours, even if she remained asleep. It had been a monumental step for him to have left her tonight, and she knew the emotional toll the separation would have taken on him, even without everything that had happened since.

She reached up to kiss him softly.

‘I would love to. I really would. But I think we’ve had enough excitement for tonight. Take some time with Aurora, some time to process, and then tomorrow, when know we’re not going to get interrupted, we can carry on what we started.’

He shuddered, immediately deepening the kiss, his hand coming up to press against the small of her back, holding her against him a moment longer.



‘Tomorrow? But that feels so far away.’



Hermione smiled against his lips. ‘It’s only one more day.’

Eventually, with an effort so great it was almost painful, she forced herself to pull away. Draco tightened his arms for a moment before letting go, sighing as he let her pull him back towards the bar door.



* * *





Walking back into the bar was nerve-wracking, although no one other than Pansy, Ginny, Ron and Padma seemed to notice them re-enter, (or if they did, they were a lot more subtle about it). Thankfully, enough alcohol was flowing that most people were caught up in their own night, dancing or drinking, talking in small groups.

Hermione let herself be dragged to the bathroom by Ginny and Padma, casting a silencing charm to drown out Padma’s squeals of excitement as Ginny helped her glamour away the love bite on her neck, and Hermione made a valiant attempt to fix her hair. Somehow, in all the kissing and groping he’d been doing, Draco had found the ability to vanish all her hairpins and now her hair fell in wild, tangled curls, the state of her hair probably more indicative of what she’d been doing outside than the love bite had been. Her hands were still shaky and so she ended up just putting it a ponytail, hoping most people were too drunk to even remember what it had looked like before.



Pansy had insisted on Malfoy staying long enough so that Padma and Luna could take over watching Aurora for a few minutes, and Harry returned so the two of them could blow out the candles on their cake.



Hermione felt her throat tighten again as she watched them together - her best friend and his former enemy, standing shoulder to shoulder and smiling as their friends surrounded them and celebrated both of their existences, the room almost feeling too small to contain all the love and hope that radiated from the small group of people at its centre.



She watched Harry put his arm around Draco’s shoulder and murmur something into his ear, Draco’s eyes immediately finding hers as he nodded, turning to say something back. The two men embraced, and Hermione knew something important had passed between them. The look in Draco’s eyes was fierce as he patted Harry on the back and held onto him tightly for a moment before Theo stepped forward and Harry melted into his boyfriend’s arms, kissing him passionately as people sang and danced and slammed back shots of firewhisky.



Malfoy made his way around the group, saying his goodbyes. He saved Hermione for last, giving her a soft, lingering kiss on her cheek as Pansy hovered behind them, her face the picture of smug satisfaction.



‘See you tomorrow,’ he murmured into her ear, low enough so that only she could hear. ‘Oh, and by the way, I told McLaggen that if he comes within five feet of you after I leave, I’ll come back and shove my wand so far up his arse that he’ll be tasting my last hex for a week.’



She gasped as he winked and then immediately Disapparated, the wicked grin on his face almost enough to convince her he’d been joking.





* * *





Hermione hadn’t wanted to stay long after Draco had left. She’d gone home half an hour after he did, knowing that people would assume they were spending the night together and despite her own words, desperately wishing that they were.



Hermione wasn’t naïve. She knew that things between them weren’t suddenly going to be straightforward. She had fallen for a grieving, traumatised man, a father to a baby girl whom he needed just as much as she needed him, a man who couldn’t quite let himself accept that he deserved to be happy.



Although their friends had been supportive and surprisingly relaxed about the development between them tonight, she knew the wizarding world in general would have a lot to say about the one time ‘Golden girl,’ picking up with an Ex Death Eater, particularly a widowed one, and particularly Draco Malfoy. No doubt the press would have a field day - she could only imagine the things Rita Skeeter would have to say about them.



As she showered and then crawled into bed, Hermione couldn’t help the doubts that began to creep in. She wondered if Draco would have been brave enough to kiss her if he hadn’t had his first alcoholic drink in almost a year, or if he hadn't been driven to despair by jealousy. He’d allowed weeks to go by after her confession, keeping things platonic between them. Was he truly ready to move their relationship forward, despite the things he’d said?



She got her answer a few hours later when her phone beeped with a message.



Are you up? X

Hermione sat up in bed, typing an immediate response.



Yes. I’m here. Is everything okay? x

I’ve just put Aurora down. She was awake when I got home so we had a little extra cuddle X

Hermione looked at the time, smiling to herself. It was three am. As predicted, he’d definitely dragged that ‘little cuddle’ out as long as he could.

Before she could reply, her phone beeped with another message.



I can’t stop thinking about you X

Swallowing down her nerves, Hermione typed back, Same here. I can’t sleep. What have you been thinking about? X

A million things. Mostly about how much I wish it was tomorrow already, how badly I want to kiss you again X



Heat and relief flushed through her, her lips tingling as she remembered how soft his mouth had been pressed against hers, how his tongue had felt, hot and wet, sliding along her own.



I want that too. So much X

There was a short pause on his end. Hermione waited, clutching the phone tightly.



I can’t stop thinking about how good it felt to finally touch you, the little sounds you made into my mouth when I had you up against that wall X



Hermione felt her cheeks heat, realising immediately where this conversation was going. She typed back.



It was better than I ever imagined X

Another pause.



You’ve imagined me touching you? Before?



At this point, she had nothing to lose by being honest. Yes, Draco. I have. A lot x



Oh Fuck

Tell me what you imagined

Then a few seconds later,



Please

X



Hermione squeezed her thighs together, remembering the feel of his hips rolling against her, how hard he’d been, the quick, shaky cadence of his breaths as he’d kissed his way up her neck. She wondered if he was hard again now, if this was affecting him as much as it was her.



She turned on the bedside lamp and looked down at herself. She was wearing a pair of baby blue sleep shorts, different ones from last time but equally as short and frilly, tonight’s vest top was white with a delicate lace trim.

Swallowing nervously, she arranged herself on the bed, arching her back and tilting her hips, cupping her breast the exact same way he had earlier, splaying her fingers wide for his benefit. With a shaking hand, she held out the phone and snapped a photo.



I imagined you touching me here, she typed, pressing send before she could change her mind. With your fingers, and then your mouth



This time the pause was longer, then three messages came through at once.



Jesus fucking Christ

You have no idea what you do to me



Bolstered by the praise, Hermione lay back, pushing her vest top up to her ribs. She snapped a picture of her bare stomach, her fingers trailing downwards.



I imagined you kissing me here



She sent it, then, before she could change her mind, she took another. This time, she kept one knee up, dipping her fingers into the waistband of her shorts. There was nothing for him to see, nothing explicit, but she was sure the suggestion would be enough.



And here

I wish my hand was yours



There was no reply for several minutes, and Hermione immediately began to panic, worried she’d gone too far. She stared at her phone, jumping when it suddenly began to ring, vibrating in her hand.

She watched it for a moment, breathing shakily, trying to get herself under control before she answered. It rang for several seconds until she was worried he was about to hang up. Before he could, she pressed the answer button.



‘Draco?’



‘Granger,’ her name was a husky exhale, barely audible. ‘I need you.’

He was panting roughly, every syllable strained. ‘I can’t handle this any more, I can’t wait until tomorrow.’

Hermione bit her lip, her whole body clenching in response to the unbridled arousal his admission sent pouring through her.



‘Come to the penthouse.’ It could have almost been a command if it wasn’t for the slight crack in his voice, the undercurrent of desperate longing Hermione felt so keenly herself. ‘Please. Aurora is asleep in her own room, Theo and Potter are staying with Pansy and Blaise. I’ll take down the wards and you can Apparate straight into my bedroom.’



Hermione’s breath hitched, not a second’s doubt in her mind that she was going to do exactly as he’d asked. ‘I- I’ll come. I’ll just get changed and I’ll-’

‘No,’ he said quickly. ‘Please don’t. I want you just as you are. Just come here, now.’

Heart pounding, Hermione nodded, forgetting he couldn’t see her. Before she could think about it too much, before any form of common sense could make itself known, she picked up her wand and Apparated directly to the penthouse, landing inside Malfoy‘s room, barefoot and dressed only in her tiny pyjamas.

‘Thank Christ.’ She hadn’t even gotten her bearings before he was on her, picking her up and carrying her to the bed. ‘Finally,’ he whispered, laying her down on the fluffy white duvet and crawling on top of her.

He was shirtless, the muscles in his shoulders flexing as he held himself up on his palms, pausing for a moment to look at her, letting his gaze run over her face, her hair, her mouth, a tumble of blonde hair falling onto his forehead, his eyes unbearably soft.

‘I can’t believe you’re actually here.’

Hermione reached up, running her fingers through the soft blonde strands, sweeping them gently off his face.

‘Draco,’ she whispered. ‘I need you to kiss me…In fact, if you don’t do it in the next ten seconds, I think I might actually die.’

He flinched unexpectedly at that, his eyes falling closed. ‘Please,’ he breathed, his expression one of pure agony as he lowered himself down between her legs and brought his hands up to slide them into her hair.

‘Please love, don’t do that.’





Chapter 24: Stand by me


Chapter Notes

Hello!!!! Firstly, sorry this has been a little longer coming out of the docs. I named it ‘Chapter 24 rewrite 999,’ because that’s pretty much what this is! I’ve gone back and forth on some plot points and made some pretty big decisions going forward. Eventually this is the version I ended up with because I think this is the story they deserve, I really, really hope you like it!

Thank you endlessly to The Dramione Effect and Smudgesonapage for their emotional support while I’ve agonised over this chapter. This story wouldn’t exist without them. Thank you also to SilverDragonGemini for the pep talk and for all the encouragement while I’ve been freaking out! I was too late to get this to Cie (my beta) this week so all punctuation errors are my own.

Also, just a little note to say I’m so sorry I’ve been rubbish responding to comments. They mean the absolute WORLD to me and the amazing people who have supported me when writing this fic are the reason I continue to write. Real life is v challenging at the moment and all my free time is taken up with writing. I’m aiming to respond to comments over the coming days and get back on top of things. I just want to say again how appreciative I am for everyone who takes the time!

Thank you

Nicky



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Hermione slid her arms around Draco’s neck, feathering soft blonde hair through her knuckles as he buried his face into her shoulder. He covered her body with his own, curling himself into her, as if even now, pressed together as tightly as they were, he couldn’t get close enough.

She held him for a moment, just letting him breathe into the space beneath her jaw, saying nothing as she waited for his racing heartbeat to slow.

After a minute or two, he shifted on top of her, moving to press a soft kiss to the spot just below her ear.

‘I’m so sorry,’ Hermione stroked gently along the back of his neck. ‘I didn’t think -‘

He shook his head, his words smothered by her hair. ‘You don’t need to be sorry. This isn’t on you.’ He took in a deep, shuddering breath. ‘I’m okay. I just need… a second.’

She swallowed, pushing past the heavy lump in her throat. ‘Draco. Don’t do that. It’s okay if you’re not ready. I understand if this all feels like too much.’

He pushed back on one elbow, bringing them eye to eye. ‘It isn’t too much,’ he said, his words quiet but laced with conviction. ‘It’s the opposite of that.’



He disentangled himself slowly from between her legs, moving to sit at the side of the bed. Hermione slid to sit next to him, peering sideways at his profile, watching him chew the inside of his cheek. After a moment his hand found hers between them, linking their fingers together and resting them on his thigh. Hermione looked down, her breath stuttering as she realised what felt different.

Draco’s hands were bare.

He had taken off his rings.

All of them.

She barely managed to conceal her sharp jolt of surprise, a wave of conflicting emotions swirling in her chest. ‘You… you didn’t have to do this, Draco.’ She croaked, running her finger over the slight indent above the third knuckle of his left hand, the flash of pale skin suddenly devastating for all that it implied. ‘Not for me.’

‘I know.’

He was silent for a moment, subconsciously squeezing Hermione’s hand so tightly that his knuckles turned white. ‘I know you’d never ask me to take it off and that’s part of the reason I had to… It-it would be disrespectful to both of you to keep it on when I feel the way I do.’

‘Draco-‘

‘Stop,’ his voice was soft, the word strained. ‘I’m not married anymore, Granger. My - my wife is dead, and since her death and the birth of my daughter... I’ve fallen in love for the first time.’

Hermione’s heart thudded against her ribs, a fierce, wretched heat spreading through her entire body at the weight of his admission and the knowledge of what vocalising it would have cost him. She watched him stare down at his knees, a single tear gathering on his lashes before it overflowed, dripping silently into his lap when he blinked.

‘Astoria will always be Aurora’s mother,’ he continued, the words catching on a hitching breath. ‘She was a good person who deserved so much better than the life she had. I want to honour her, to make sure the world remembers she existed - that she mattered. But... I - I have to honour you too. You’re - ‘ He broke off, whatever he’d been about to say trapped behind a wall of overwhelming emotion. ‘Aurora is my priority,’ he said, clearly switching towards something easier to talk about. ‘Before I ever do anything, I have to consider how it impacts her first. I’ll spend the rest of my existence making sure she knows she is loved, that she was wanted by both of her parents and that she never feels a second of guilt over the circumstances of her birth. I’ll do everything in my power to keep her safe and make her happy.’

Hermione reached for him, sliding her fingers over sharp cheekbones, tilting his wet face up to hers. ‘Of course you will. You were made to be a father, Draco.’



He raised searching eyes to look at her. So full of fear and so heartbreakingly beautiful that it made her want to cry.



‘Are you sure we’re what you want?’ He asked. ‘Because that’s the truth of it isn’t it? If you choose to have a relationship with me, you’re choosing Aurora too. You’re choosing my past and my present and my future and that’s a lot to ask of anyone.’



It hurt to see him so vulnerable, to know how brave he was being, how much he must be struggling to lay himself open like this for her.



He waited silently, his throat working.

‘Yes.’ She replied, hoping he could hear the unwavering certainty in her words. ‘In every way it’s conceivable, Draco - you and Aurora are what I want.’



He was quiet for a beat. ‘Even if I’m an anxious, overprotective wreck who doesn’t want to let either of you out of my sight even though I know I have to?’

Hermione smiled, though his words made her heart hurt.



‘Yes. We’ll keep working on that together.’



He nodded slowly, the wry smirk twitching at one side of his mouth sending something fluttering in Hermione’s lower belly.



‘Even if I’m a jealous prick who wants to murder every man who so much as looks at you?’



She laughed, the tangled knot of anxiety inside her chest unfurling a little at the change in his tone, a tentative relief beginning to seep into her bones.



‘I can’t condone murder…but,’ she let her voice lower a bit, her thumb rubbing slowly over his knuckle. ‘I actually quite like it when you get jealous.’ She looked up at him under her lashes. ‘I like it when you tell me I’m yours.’

His eyes darkened, his own voice dropping an octave as his tongue darted out to lick his lips.

‘Yeah?…You do?’



Hermione nodded, letting the fingers of her free hand trail lightly over his knee.



‘Because truthfully, I am yours, Draco. I have been for a long time. And you… I think…are mine.’



She watched her words land, watched him process them for a moment before he closed his eyes, his chest expanding on a deep, bolstering breath, and then… he reached for her.



He yanked her towards him, his fingers wrapping around her thigh as he pulled her onto his lap, finding her mouth and kissing her like she was the oxygen he needed to breathe. Hermione curled her arms around his neck, letting her fingers sink into his hair as she was kissed thoroughly and ruinously by the man she wanted more than she’d ever wanted anything in her life.

‘Are we really doing this?’ He asked against her lips, the words tumbling out between frantic kisses. ‘Are we really going to give this a shot?’

‘Yes, Draco,’ Hermione told him. ‘We’re really doing this.’ She pulled him down onto the bed. ‘We’re doing this right now.’

He made a soft sound of what could have been despair, his tongue slipping into her mouth. Hermione licked across it, dragging another groan from somewhere deep in his chest. ‘Fuck,’ he muttered. ‘Oh, fuck.’

He reached down to hike her knee up firmly, encouraging her to wrap her legs back around his waist. She could feel the warm press of his stomach with each inhale, the jut of his hipbones indenting the soft meat on the insides of her thighs.

He rolled his hips against her, the hard ridge of his erection pressing exactly where she needed it. Hermione gasped, arching into the contact, her head tipping back into the bed.

‘Want you so much it’s fucking painful,’ He mumbled, pushing her hair out of the way so he could nip at her jaw, her earlobe, pressing open mouthed kisses along her throat. ‘Dreamed about having you like this for so long.’

Hermione ran her hands down the muscled planes of his back, nails dragging over the soft skin. He swore quietly, then dipped his head to the swell of her breasts, the ends of his hair tickling as he kissed over lace and cotton, fingers teasing the material down.

‘Oh, god,’ Hermione said, then - ‘let me just -‘

Heart pounding, she reached lower, pulling her top off and over her head in one swift motion, her hair falling back to settle at her elbows. She let her arms drop to her sides, shivering at the sensation of the cool air over her sensitive nipples, already pulled tight and aching for more.

Draco paused, eyes lowering from her face to take in every inch of newly bared skin.

He cupped her towards his mouth, goosebumps rising as his lips closed over her nipple, warm and soft and wet. Hermione’s fingers gripped his hair tightly, her core squeezing with each swirl and flick of his tongue.

She needed more.

She tightened her fingers in the platinum strands, hauling him up by the roots of his hair. ‘Draco, up.’

He immediately obeyed, letting go with a pop that was far filthier than it had any right to be and insinuating himself in the cradle of her thighs, marked forearms braced either side of her head.

She kissed him again, savouring the fresh heat of his mouth when he slotted his lips against her own.

Hermione felt it building between them - the searching tendrils of their magic, reaching out, both of them desperate for comfort and connection after months of struggling alone.

There was so much they still had to discuss, so many reasons to be careful with one another, but now they’d laid themselves bare, the inexplicable bond between them was impossible to deny. In this moment, all the complications of real life felt far away. They were just two people taking what they wanted in its simplest form, finally giving in to a desire so fierce that it threatened to burn them both alive.

Draco’s knees braced on the duvet as he rocked against her, breaking their kiss to breathe shakily into her ear. ‘Tell me how to make this good for you. Show me what you like.’

Without hesitation, Hermione took hold of his scarred wrist, guiding his hand between her legs.

She wasn’t sure whose intake of breath was louder - his when his fingers brushed over the soaked material of her shorts, or hers when he pressed lightly with the pad of his middle finger, right over the bundle of nerves throbbing acutely beneath. She gasped and he swallowed it, meeting her with a ragged curse of his own.

He moved his hand again, sliding two fingers underneath her shorts and circling them experimentally in a slow, circular motion, the pressure so perfect that her head pressed back into the pillow, thighs twitching around his hand.

‘Is this okay?’

She couldn’t answer him, didn’t think she needed to - surely he could tell - the desperate sounds she was making, the way her nails dug into his biceps. He was in a rhythm now, his fingers gliding wetly, the sound of her arousal obscene to her own ears but apparently doing the opposite for Draco. His whole body curved towards her, lips resting over her open mouth as he watched her respond to his touch.

‘Draco,’ she moaned. ‘I want - she broke off on a strangled gasp, her walls clenching as she fought to catch her breath.

‘What do you need? I’ll give you anything.’

‘You, I need you. Please.’

He shuddered out a low groan, pushing off and onto one elbow, giving Hermione room to move. She Accioed her wand, casting a quick contraception charm before pulling her shorts down along with her knickers, sliding them down her thighs so she could kick them off and away. Draco did the same next to her before crawling back between her legs.

He paused, hovering above her, a fall of blonde hair sweeping over his forehead, palms flat either side of her head.

‘Are you sure?’

‘Yes. More than I’ve ever been about anything.’

He lowered himself slightly, shuddering at the lightest brush of his bare cock between her legs, Hermione held her breath, her whole body tingling with anticipation, desire pumping like lava through her veins.

‘Granger?’

Her eyes fluttered open. Draco’s bottom lip was pinned between his teeth, his fist wrapped tightly around himself. He was breathing unsteadily, the vine tattoos flexing over the sharp vee of his abdomen as he drew in ragged breaths.

‘Just so you know… there’s a good chance I might embarrass myself here. I’m… more than a little worked up.’ Hermione slid her eyes down, seeing the evidence for herself. Draco looked close already, swollen and throbbing in his own hand. A sharp jolt of arousal clenched between her legs, her lips popping open on a gasp.

‘Just… think of something unsexy,’ she told him, suppressing the mad urge to giggle, despite how turned on she was. ‘I don’t know, Ron’s bare arse or something.’

He grimaced, his whole face screwed up with disgust. ‘Jesus Christ… yeah, If anything was going to do it, it would be that. But…’ he bent his head to kiss her, keeping it soft and slow until Hermione whimpered, chasing his lips when he pulled away. ‘Nope,’ he shook his head, the eye crinkles making a horrifyingly attractive reappearance. ‘I’m still harder than I’ve ever been. I’ve got Hermione Granger naked underneath me… I’m absolutely fucked.’

Had anyone on earth ever been so gorgeous? Hermione wondered. Did he know how beautiful he was? The effect he had on her when he smiled?

She was still thinking about it when Draco dipped his head to kiss her again, and with the gentle reintroduction of his tongue into her mouth, she felt the first soft press of him at her entrance, careful but sure, gliding in to part her slightly before slowly pulling back. She was already sensitive, every nerve ending primed, aching to feel him push inside.

‘Is this okay?’ He asked, jaw firm with restraint, pulse pounding in his throat.

‘Yes. Keep going.‘

He nodded, finally pressing in with agonising care, watching her face the entire time. Hermione grasped onto his shoulders, biting back a soft whine as her inner walls clamped down, her body welcoming the sensation of being full, of finally having the very thing she’d been imagining for so long.

He paused once he was fully seated, looking down at her with something close to wonder, the muscles in his shoulders rippling as he forced himself to hold still. He opened his mouth to speak but she reached for him instead, pulling him down for a tender kiss. ‘Yes, this is okay,’ she whispered, smoothing back a damp strand of hair. ‘Better than okay. You don’t have to hold back, Draco. I want it all.’

The small sound that left him then almost hurt to listen to. It sounded like letting go, like need and hunger and a man taking for the first time, allowing himself to have what he wanted most, despite everything that held him back.

He pulled out almost all the way again before pushing back in on one slick glide, the pleasure of it ricocheting through her like lightning. He seemed to wait to see her reaction before doing it again, and then again, moaning softly into her mouth as she felt him throb deep inside her with each slow grind of his hips. Heat gathered low in her belly, her orgasm already drawing closer with every press and retreat.

‘Fuck,’ he panted low into her ear, his hips curling tight against hers. ‘You feel so good, Hermione. I’ve never-‘ he broke off on a low sob as she clenched around him, kissing the swell of his Adam’s apple when his neck arched in response, the runes stretching over taut tendons beneath his skin.

Gradually, Draco’s rhythm sped up. Hermione could feel him getting closer, fighting to hold onto his control as he hooked one arm under her thigh, thrusting harder, deeper. Friction built between them, every powerful downstroke igniting another blissful spark of sensation, pushing Hermione closer and closer to the edge.

He bent his head and kissed her with swollen lips, tongue searching until finally, with an almost unbearable wave of pleasure the peak crested and she shattered into pieces, her whole body shaking with the force of an orgasm that had been building for months, so powerful that she was unable to do anything except close her eyes and let it take over, her walls squeezing in rhythmic, undulating contractions that pulled Draco right down along with her, flooding her body with pulse after pulse of his release.

They didn’t move for a few minutes afterwards, panting heavily in a boneless heap on the bed. Draco had collapsed on top of her, remaining buried deep.

When he seemed to be able to breathe again, he opened his eyes, gently withdrawing with a slight wince. Hermione felt a rush of wet between her legs and bit her lip, fighting the urge to squeeze her thighs shut and keep it inside.

‘Are you okay?’ He asked, his eyes searching her face. ‘Was that-?’ Hermione nodded, planting a soft kiss on his cheek. She let her fingers drift down his sides, fingers skimming past his ribs and obliques, loving the way he shivered under her touch.

‘It felt like what I’ve been waiting for my whole life.’

‘Granger-‘ He swallowed heavily, dropping his forehead to hers. ‘You have no idea-‘

From the bedside table, his wand vibrated unexpectedly and they both froze, glancing over.

Aurora’s cries began soft but almost immediately intensified, the wand vibrating with each plaintive sob.

Draco was immediately anxious, his body tensing up at the sound of his daughter’s distress.

‘Sorry,’ he murmured. ‘I have to go to her. She gets really upset when she wakes in the middle of the night.’

He slid a hand around her hip to push off and kneel back on the bed.

Hermione had to bite her lip as he rose to stand in front of her. He looked deliciously dishevelled - nothing like the sleek, elegant man who’d Apparated into the bar the night before. (Had that really only been last night?) His hair was wild, sticking up in messy blonde spikes, his lips puffy and pink. He pulled up his boxers over his hips, stumbling a little as though he was lightheaded, laughing and steadying himself with a palm flexing on the wall.

Hermione’s stomach swooped.

Sliver eyes met hers. ‘I won’t be long. Please, please, stay like that until I get back.’

He cast a wandless Scourgify over the both of them, leaning in to kiss her before straightening and jogging towards the door.

Hermione watched his retreating back, fresh heat washing through her at the sight of her nail marks, long red lines running down his smooth skin. She flopped back on the fluffy white duvet, feeling warm and satisfied, gazing around the room that was filled with all things Draco - his things, his magic, his scent.

She heard Aurora’s bedroom door creak open via the monitor, cringing at the clarity of the sound as she thought back to several weeks before.

‘Shhh, it’s alright,’ Draco murmured softly. ‘Daddy’s here, mon petit chou.’

It sounded like he was taking her out of the crib, whispering to her in gentle French. Aurora’s cries immediately de-escalated, quieting to a few hitching sobs.

Hermione listened to him change his daughter’s nappy, commentating all the while. Aurora began babbling back at him, soft coos that sounded like birdsong, the epitome of a baby who was loved and content.

‘Come on, sweetheart,’ she heard him say a moment later. ‘Lets get you fed.’ There was more rustling, more muttering and then near silence, the only sound that of Aurora’s quiet swallows as Draco gave her a bottle, presumably in his arms.

It was peaceful just to listen over the monitor, the way Aurora’s snuffly breaths got longer, slower, Draco’s low, soothing tones. Hermione felt her own eyes beginning to flutter shut.



* * *



She wasn’t sure how much time had passed when she awoke, but the room was still dark, a thin sliver of moonlight shining through the blinds. The bed was comfortable and warm and Draco was lying behind her, every inch of his body pressed against her own. Hermione looked down at his arms, one tattooed, one scarred, both wrapped tightly around her waist, his fingers splayed possessively over her belly. He was asleep, breathing slowly into her hair. Her throat suddenly tightened, tears pricking at her eyes.

She’d never wanted anything so much as she wanted this - this gentle, sweet intimacy with a man she had fallen for so terrifyingly hard. She thought of all the nights she’d spent lying in her bed alone, worrying about him, fantasising about him, certain that things were too difficult for them to ever get here. To this point.

It felt too good to be true.

Once again Hermione had that sensation of wanting to stop time, just for a little bit, so she could stay gathered safe in Draco Malfoy’s arms - the place she suspected she belonged more than any other on earth.



* * *



The second time she awoke, it was to Draco, pressing featherlight kisses to the side of her neck. He was still wrapped tight around her, her whole body cocooned within the curve of his. He was also very hard, she realised with a shiver. She could feel it pushing lightly against her bum.

‘Is this real?’ He pressed his face into her hair, his words barely audible. ‘Are you really here? In my bed?’

‘I’m here,’ she whispered, reaching back to wrap a hand around his neck, back arching when he took her earlobe lightly between his teeth. ‘And this is one hundred percent real.’

He made a soft, almost pained sound, his hands travelling slowly down her ribs to take a firm hold of her hips, the muscles in his forearms flexing as he ground himself slowly against her from behind.

Hermione tipped her head back, her hand covering his as he slid it down the plane of her stomach to dip beneath her shorts. He found her wet and aching for him, his fingers sliding to circle once before pushing gently inside. She tilted her hips back, savouring the way his breath hitched, the throbbing hardness filling the gap between her thighs.

They moved like that for a while, their breathing growing heavier, Draco’s knees spreading her legs wider as he rolled half on top of her, pressing her chest into the bed.

This time when she guided him inside her it felt like he was coming home, their bodies moulded tightly each other, their movements perfectly synced.

Hermione cried when her orgasm hit, sobbing his name in broken gasps as Draco rocked her through it, coming as deep inside her as he could get.



* * *



They held each other afterwards, kissing slowly, both exhausted but unwilling (or unable) to let the night end.

Hermione ran a fingertip lightly over Draco’s features - tracing his eyebrows, his straight nose, his full lips. He closed his eyes and let her, a satisfied smile slowly curving his mouth, one arm stretched languidly overhead. She watched him luxuriate in her attention, marvelling at how different he looked without the lines of tension that usually kept his features sharp. He fell asleep with his arms wrapped around her, his body satiated and relaxed for the first time since she’d known him. Hermione kissed his parted lips, then rested her head on his chest, listening to the sound of his heartbeat as the sun slowly filtered through the blinds.



* * *



‘Will you…stay with us today?’

The words were quiet, the uncertainty in them pulling Hermione out of her semi-doze. She looked up to find Draco already watching her, chewing aggressively on his lower lip.

She hesitated, unsure how to read his expression.

‘With you and Aurora?’

He swallowed, fiddling with a bit of loose cotton on his shorts. All the relaxed ease from earlier had gone, his body once again stiff and taut with nerves. ‘We could…take her for a walk, maybe go out for lunch. Would that be…something you would want to do?’

Hermione tried to reply and found she couldn’t. A lump had formed in her throat. She’d wondered the whole night how he was really coping, waiting subconsciously for him to realise he’d pushed himself too far. But here he was, in the cold light of morning… asking her to stay… to stay and spend the day with his daughter - there was nothing that could have meant more.

‘You’re sure?’ She whispered, stroking a hand gently over the back of his knuckles. ‘It doesn't feel like too much, too soon?’

He held her gaze, blowing out a measured breath. ‘The opposite actually. To be honest, this all sort of feels…not enough.’

Not enough.

A fresh wave of emotion rushed over her, sudden and unexpected - relief, longing, the sweet agony of Draco somehow putting everything she felt into words when he’d actually said so very little.

Everything between them always felt not enough. No matter how much time she spent with him, how much intimacy they shared, it always felt like it would never be enough. Was this what it felt like, Hermione wondered, to have found the person you were meant for. That even when you were with them, you constantly ached for more?

‘Is that a yes?’ He asked, looking nervous, perceiving her silence as something it absolutely was not.

‘Draco,’ she croaked, turning wet eyes up to his. ‘There is literally nowhere else I’d rather be.’



* * *



Half an hour later, showered and dressed in one of Draco’s T-shirts and a transfigured pair of his shorts, Hermione left the bedroom and made her way down the thickly carpeted hall. She found Draco in Aurora’s room, lifting Aurora off the changing table and settling her into his arms. The baby looked cosy and sleep rumpled in a pair of pale pink gingham pyjamas, her hair sticking up in soft blonde tufts around her head.

They both turned as Hermione entered, pausing at the door. She felt temporarily frozen, uncertain how to proceed. Aurora grinned at her gummily, a thin line of dribble escaping down her chin.

Draco also seemed locked in place, his eyes travelling over her slowly, sweeping up and down.

‘Oh,’ he muttered, eyes dark and glittering. ‘You look-‘

Sensing his distraction, Aurora immediately went in for the kill. Hermione didn’t even think he saw the finger coming until it was jabbed halfway up his nose. He coughed and spluttered as he yanked his head away, his eyes streaming where she’d taken him by surprise.

‘I don’t know why she always does that,’ he grumbled as Hermione suppressed a giggle, making her way into the room. ‘Always with the bloody noses. You can’t relax for a second or she’s in there on the attack.’

Hermione laughed, stepping forward as Aurora lunged towards her, accepting her out of Draco’s arms and propping her on her hip. ‘Your first mistake was that you showed weakness,’ she said. ‘She could tell your guard was down.’

He grinned at her wolfishly, sending her pulse skittering through the roof. ‘Well if someone hadn’t been distracting me, maybe I’d have stood a chance.’

‘Draco,’ Hermione raised an eyebrow, feeling lighter than she had in longer than she could remember. ‘We both know that when it comes to you and Aurora, you’ll never stand a chance.’

He raised his own eyebrow in retaliation, opening his mouth as if he was going to disagree. Then he looked down and caught Aurora’s eye. She was watching her father’s expressions raptly, grey eyes tracking across his face.

‘Yeah,’ he sighed, smiling as he bent to kiss her gently on the tip of her nose. ‘I think we all know exactly who’s the boss.’



* * *



To Hermione’s surprise, (and Draco’s obvious displeasure), the first thing they discovered when they made their way to the kitchen for breakfast was that Theo and Harry had come home at some point during the night.

They were stretched out on the white sofa, both clearly fast asleep. Harry’s mouth had fallen open, his arms wrapped loosely around Theo’s waist. Theo lay on his side, his fingers tangled in the wild tumble of Harry’s hair, snoring lightly into the crook of his neck.

‘Jesus,’ Draco grimaced. ‘It smells like a bloody brewery in here.’

He was right. The smell of alcohol permeated the whole room, clearly coming from the two wizards entangled on the couch. Neither of them had the forethought to close the blinds and the room was bright and hot, the sun streaming in through the glass. There was a full mug of water on the countertop, languishing next to the remnants of what looked like a tray of gravy and chips.

Aurora bounced in Hermione’s arms, cooing a little as they approached the sleeping men. Draco stooped to pick up Harry’s glasses from where they’d somehow ended up on the floor, placing them on the glass table out of the way.

‘I thought they were staying at Pans and Blaise’s,’ he muttered, nose wrinkling as he surveyed the haphazard scene. ‘When the hell did they get back here?’

He bent down, nudging gently at Theo’s shoulder. ‘Nott?’

Theo made an irritated sound and buried his face in Harry’s neck, groaning when Draco shook him again, a little rougher this time.

‘Nott. Wake up. You stink. Did you drink the entire bar dry after I left?’

‘Harry?’ Theo’s voice was rough, as though he’d spent the night singing or shouting, dry and husky with sleep.

Harry didn’t respond.

‘Harryyyyy.’

‘Mmffff?’ Harry lifted his head but kept his eyes closed. ‘Wassamatter, babe?’

‘There’s an annoying sound,’ Theo whined. ‘Make it stop.’

‘Course.’ Harry flicked his fingers in the general direction of Draco and this time Hermione couldn’t stifle her giggle as Draco’s face immediately turned beetroot red. She watched him open his mouth to release a stream of silent expletives, all muted by Harry’s casual Silencio.

At the sound of her voice, Harry’s eyes fluttered open and he blinked up at her blearily, just as Draco managed to work his way out of the charm.

‘You fucking dickhead, Potter,’ he ranted. ‘Wandless magic my arse. We can all do that if we-‘

‘Hermione?’ Harry’s voice was also hoarse, and when he pushed up off the sofa she saw that he was still wearing his clothes from the night before. ‘What are you doing here?’ He fumbled around, locating his glasses on the table and pushing them onto his face, his confusion increasing tenfold as he took in her bare legs and sex-tangled hair. Hermione hadn’t thought about the fact that she was clearly wearing one of Draco’s T-shirts (it had his name emblazoned across the front) until Harry’s eyebrows suddenly raised into his hairline as understanding dawned on his face.

His green eyes snapped to Draco, his expression bordering on murderous as Theo pushed up on his elbows next to him, uttering a sound of unmistakably wicked glee.

‘Oh,’ he whispered, blue eyes dancing with joy. ‘Fuck, yes. Now this is going to be good.’



Chapter End Notes

My sweet babies!! Theo living for the drama as usual and Harry being on the receiving end for once 🤣

Just to reiterate, this doesn’t mean that Draco is suddenly recovered and that I’ll be ignoring the impact of his trauma/survivors guilt going forward. It’s a big part of the plot.

What this does mean is that he and Hermione will be by each others side. I’m so excited for their new dynamic and how it impacts on the story.

Oh and also: Mon petit Chou = my little cabbage 🥬 🥹

Thank you so much for reading

Nicky





Chapter 25: And darling, darling


Chapter Notes

Ughh it feels so good to be back! I’m so sorry for the delay. I had some other commitments in the form of a valentines collab with the brilliant Selune Illustrations (Runaways II) and a very smutty birthday fic to write for Dizzle00 (Which is now a WIP 🙈) but GOD I missed these babies! If you’re still here, thank you! I appreciate you so much! I’m hoping for fewer delays between updates forthcoming 🤞

Lots of love

Nicky x



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Harry’s face was green.

It was a distinct shade, strangely close in hue to his eyes, which slid slowly from Draco to Hermione and back again, his mouth compressed to a flat, thin line.

‘But… you went home, Mi.’ His voice was small. ‘I felt you trigger the wards.’

Next to her, Draco was practically vibrating, his breath coming out in small, jerky huffs. Hermione cut him a sideways glance, finding his lips also pressed tightly together as his complexion slowly deepened to a violent shade of red.

Don’t do it. She willed him silently. Don’t laugh. Not now. But even as she sent those thoughts Draco’s way, she glanced at Theo. He was working against her with brutal efficacy, his eyes bugging wide, his cheeks puffed out as his face reddened to match Draco’s. She glared at him but received absolutely no response. Theo was having the time of his life, his hangover evidently forgotten.

‘I wonder what possible reason you could have had for coming to visit Draco in the middle of the night, Hermione?’ He asked, all false innocence and pure joy. ‘And…what-’ He leaned forward, clearly about to combust. ‘… pray tell, is THAT?’ Hermione glanced down at the same time that Harry did, a low, pained sound crawling its way out of his throat as he flung an arm over his eyes, throwing himself back on the sofa.

Hermione, Theo and Draco stared down at her thigh, where (god only knew how she’d forgotten) there was a mark - the perfect, imprinted outline of Draco’s teeth. Hermione flushed, remembering with stomach-clenching clarity the feel of his mouth there when she’d gotten out of the shower less than an hour prior. He’d kissed the bones of her ankle, her calf, the inside of her knee before sinking his teeth into the soft flesh of her inner thigh, groaning when they were interrupted by the monitor once again.

‘Ah,’ Draco said. ‘Shit.’

Harry moaned into his hands. ‘I feel sick.’

In Hermione’s arms, Aurora watched the proceedings with interest, playing absently with a lock of Hermione’s hair.

‘Come on, babe.’ Theo gently pulled Harry’s hands away from his face. ‘We all knew this was coming. You can’t actually be surprised?’

Harry sighed. ‘I’m not surprised. Of course I’m not.’ He peeked up at them glumly before closing his eyes again. ‘But it’s my best friend Hermione and Malfoy - Draco Malfoy - shagging…it was just never something I envisioned, you know?’

‘I shouldn’t think you were envisioning Hermione shagging anyone.‘ Theo snorted.

‘You know what I mean.’ Harry pushed back up to sitting. ‘No offence, Malfoy. I know you’re not a twat any more and I know how much you care about Hermione but … I guess I just wasn’t expecting… this… quite so soon.’

The room fell silent for a moment, the laughter fading from Draco’s eyes. Aurora began to whine quietly, bored and no doubt ready for her breakfast. Draco leaned over to take her, untangling her fingers from Hermione’s hair whilst Theo distracted her with Sophie La Girafe, whom he’d pulled from under the cushion of the sofa.

‘I understand, Potter.’ Draco said, bouncing Aurora gently on his hip. ‘I know you’re protective over your friend, and honestly, that’s only right. But you’ve been around a while now, you know this isn’t something I’d take lightly.’

Harry sat up, pinching the bridge of his nose under his glasses. He looked over at her, and even through his alcohol induced haze, Hermione saw the concern in his eyes. She was almost a year older than Harry - she’d proven time and time again that she could look after herself, but he was like a brother to her, the closest thing to family she had. Hermione wanted Harry’s approval, not just his acceptance. She needed to know that he was happy for her and Draco, despite all the difficulties that inevitably lay ahead.

‘Hermione means a lot to me,’ Draco said softly. ‘I would never do anything to hurt her.’

Harry sighed. ‘I know she does,’ he said eventually. ‘I’ve known it for a long time.’ He stood up, swaying so dangerously that Theo stood too, putting a steadying hand on Harry’s back. ‘As I told you once before, Malfoy, Hermione will do what she wants to do, and I trust her judgement completely. But she’s too kind and selfless to a fault.’ Hermione huffed, fed up with hearing the same things. Harry held Draco’s eye as he stepped forward. ‘Never mistake that kindness for weakness, alright? To have Hermione Granger by your side is a fucking privilege.’

Hermione let out a breath, her love for Harry almost crushing her chest under its weight once again.

Draco’s gaze lowered to Aurora, cradled in his arms, then he turned to Hermione. ‘I would never take her for granted,’ he said quietly. ‘I know I’m an incredibly lucky man.’

Harry’s eyes visibly softened, and Hermione knew he was thinking the same thing she was - Draco Malfoy had not been a person anyone would consider lucky up to this point in his life. The fact he viewed himself as such felt like a huge milestone.

‘If Hermione’s happy, I’m happy,’ Harry said, giving her a small smile. ‘And you look happy, Mi, so…’ he held out his hand to Draco. ‘Just promise me one thing, will you, Malfoy?’

‘What’s that, Potter?’

‘Don’t…’ Harry squirmed a little. ‘Don’t bite her again, okay? At least not where I can see. It makes me feel quite stabby.’

Draco grinned, a lascivious glint in his eye as he took Harry’s hand. ‘Alright…I promise … not where you can see it.’

From Harry’s side, Theo made a sound not unlike a dying seagull, collapsing back into the sofa in a heap of scandalised exultation.



* * *



They ended up going out for breakfast.

Theo and Harry were both too hungover to cook, and Hermione and Draco were useless at the best of times, so Draco announced he was taking them all to Bianchi’s, an Italian café just down the road from Hebridean Heights. Hermione Apparated home to change first, and then they made their way to the cafe in the sunshine, Aurora babbling happily in the pram.

By the time they arrived, Pansy and Blaise had come to join them, and even Pansy looked worse for wear after the evening’s festivities, sipping black coffee as she watched Harry devour his extra-large breakfast, her revulsion undisguised by the huge pair of sunglasses covering half her face.

Draco sat next to Hermione, feeding Aurora small pieces of scrambled egg and avocado, grumbling about how much he’d rather have taken her and Aurora for breakfast alone. Hermione smiled, squeezing his thigh lightly under the table. ‘We’ll get more time later.’ She whispered, cheeks pinkening when she noticed Blaise watching them from his seat opposite, a wry grin on his handsome face.

Hermione had never imagined Draco Malfoy as a pouter, but his bottom lip pushed out, his eyebrows drawn down low. He looked more like Aurora than she’d ever seen him.

‘Do you really have to go to work?’

‘I do.’ She replied. ‘But it’s a short shift. Six until twelve. I can… come straight back to the penthouse from there… if you’d like?’

He’d been watching her mouth while she was speaking, but his eyes flickered up to hers now, the frown instantly smoothed away. ‘Yeah? You’ll stay over again?’

‘I mean…’ Heat curled in Hermione’s belly as she looked up at him, suddenly inexplicably shy. ‘I’d like to.’

‘Oi, you two.’ Theo called, waving a bit of sausage on his fork. ‘Get a room. You're worse than Harry and me.’

‘Erm-‘ Harry began, just as the whole table erupted into incredulous laughter.

‘This coming from the blokes who shagged in the loos last night… twice?’ Blaise scoffed. ‘Come off it, Theo.’

Theo grinned, reaching for Harry’s jaw and pulling him into a kiss. ‘We only shagged the once, the second time Harry got on his knees, and-‘

‘Alright,’ Draco sent a death glare at Theo as he held his hands over a bemused Aurora’s ears. ‘Let’s change the subject, shall we?’

They ended up settling on the topic of Draco’s return to work, his first day being planned for Monday. He was going to drive to the DMLE with Aurora and meet Harry there before his appointment with Kingsley.

‘Are you going to discuss the manor also?’ Blaise asked. ‘I checked. You need Ministry-certified confirmation that it’s safe before you can even consider putting it up for auction.’

‘We’ve got an initial reconnaissance mission already scheduled,’ Harry said. ‘A team is going to take a look around in a week’s time.’ He nodded towards Draco, who looked grim-faced at the prospect. ‘Malfoy is going to give us the tour.’

Blaise’s surprise was obvious. ‘Shacklebolt already agreed to devote the manpower that would take? Does he know how big the place is?’

‘He does. He’s been desperate to get access to Malfoy Manor’s vaults for years.’ Harry grimaced. ‘God knows what’s been squirrelled away down there over the generations.’

Theo turned to Draco.‘You’re going to the manor? Are you sure you’ll be alright? You know you’ll have to show the Aurors … all of it.’

Draco shrugged, although he’d paled significantly. ‘I want to be rid of the place. It has to be done.’

‘And what about the wards, blood ties? All that shit?’

Draco looked down at the table, jaw flexing. Harry put a hand on Theo’s arm. ‘The Aurors will work with Malfoy on all of that when we come to it. This is just the first step.’

Theo didn’t say anything else, but he was uncharacteristically quiet for the rest of the meal, blue eyes flicking between Draco and Blaise, something passing between the latter two men that Hermione could only begin to guess the meaning of.

For her part, Aurora was on form, throwing bits of egg on the floor and laughing with delight every time her father bent to pick it up. She had a great time showing off her new skill of clapping her hands together, overjoyed when the adults clapped along with her. Draco had dressed her in a short-sleeved sundress, a cardigan and tights to bring her out, and the feet of the tights hung down, pulled long and saggy where she’d tried and failed to get them off at the start of breakfast. She’d been furious about it, throwing the biggest tantrum Hermione had seen since she was a newborn, although thankfully, she seemed to have forgotten about her feet for now.

Once breakfast was finished, they said their goodbyes and separated. Theo and Harry made their way back to the Penthouse so Harry could nap before his own night shift, and Pansy was heading into the boutique.

‘I knew that dress would do the trick,’ she preened as she air-kissed Hermione goodbye. ‘I saw which one you chose for the party and immediately knew our Draco was done for.’

‘Thanks a lot, Pans.’ Hermione replied drily. ‘Nothing to do with my personality then? Just the slutty dress I was wearing that finally made him decide to kiss me.’

‘Excuse me,’ Pansy lifted her sunglasses, revealing immaculate make-up underneath. ‘I resent the insinuation that the dresses I sent you were slutty. And yes, it was definitely the slutty dress, and the fact that you were flirting with every man other than him. It was textbook, darling. I actually thought he was going to combust at one point.’

Hermione’s cheeks flooded with heat as Pansy trilled a delighted laugh. ‘I wasn’t flirting, Pansy,’ she hissed. ‘Draco spent half the night ignoring me.’

‘Well, he’s not ignoring you now, is he?’ Pansy’s expression was smug.’You can thank me later.’ She leaned in, lowering her voice as her expression grew more serious. ‘I noticed he’s taken his ring off, though. Did you talk to him about it?’

Hermione shook her head. ‘He’d taken it off before I got back to the Penthouse after the party. He said it feels disrespectful to wear it now that things have … progressed between us.’

Pansy looked thoughtful. She watched Draco for a moment as he spoke quietly to Blaise, attempting to wrangle Aurora into her pushchair while the baby fought valiantly, locking her body straight and refusing to bend. ‘He’s coping well,’ she murmured. ‘He doesn’t look even close to freaking out.’

‘Do you…think he will?’ Hermione asked, her heart sinking a little.

‘Probably, at some point.’ Pansy admitted. ‘Because that’s what Draco does. But if it happens, you need to know it’s only because of how he views himself and his own self-worth, not a reflection on you. He’s obsessed with you. I watched him spend the whole of breakfast forcing himself not to eat you rather than his eggs Benedict.’

Hermione smiled through the twist in her chest. ‘There’s so much we still need to talk about,’ she murmured. ‘I know that what happened last night doesn’t suddenly mean that all the complications have disappeared. Draco still has a lot of healing to do.’

‘He does,’ Pansy said. ‘But truly, I don't think I’ve ever seen him look so at peace. Whatever this is between you two - it’s real, and it’s worth working for.’

Hermione was still trying to formulate a response when she felt Draco’s hand at her back, the warmth of his body as he stepped in close and dipped his head to her ear. ‘Ready to go?’

She nodded, reaching out to squeeze Pansy’s hand. Pansy squeezed it back, giving Hermione and then Draco one last kiss on the cheek before taking Blaise’s proffered arm and strutting out of the cafe.



* * *



They hadn’t made the conscious decision to walk anywhere in particular, but after leaving Bianchi’s, Hermione and Draco made their way down the street, heading towards the large lake that Hermione often jogged around, meandering slowly in the afternoon sun. Aurora had tired herself out at the cafe and dozed now, turned onto her side with her face buried in the plush fur of her blue dragon. Draco reached in to move the dragon down, tucking it under her arm and away from her face. The baby stirred when he bent to kiss her cheek, but her eyes remained closed, her little mouth falling open as the movement of the pram lulled her deeper into sleep.

Eventually, they found a quiet spot, just off the main path, under the shade of a large willow. Draco pulled out a blanket from underneath the pram, charming it to make it bigger before laying it out on the grass. Hermione sat while he busied himself setting more charms, a series of shields, repellents and even a variation of Hermione’s old monitoring charms over Aurora’s pram, before eventually dropping down on the blanket next to her, stretching out his long legs and leaning back on his hands.

Hermione turned to look at him, suddenly aware that it was the first time they’d technically been alone since she’d gotten out of the shower that morning. She peeked sideways through the curtain of her hair, her arms looped around her knees.

‘Hi.’

He smiled, grey eyes moving slowly over her face.

‘Hi, yourself.’

Hermione wasn’t quite sure which of them reached for the other first, but somehow, a moment later, she was in Draco’s lap, her sundress fanned out, knees planted either side of his thighs. Her fingers automatically found their way back into the soft curls of blonde hair at the nape of his neck, and his went straight to the small of her back, pulling their heaving chests flush together.

‘I’m not going to last the six hours you’re at work,’ he mumbled as Hermione kissed her way along his throat, dipping into the collar of his white shirt. ‘I think you should quit.’

‘I can’t.’ She rocked against him, her breath hitching as she chased the friction of his erection already pressing against the front of her knickers. ‘I…I love my job, and my patients need me.’

He groaned, his tongue licking hot into her mouth. ‘I need you…I suddenly find myself in desperate need of a beautiful healer with big brown eyes and ridiculous hair. Don’t leave me.’

‘Hey! Not the hair.’ Hermione made a lame attempt at shoving his chest, which only resulted in Draco making a pleased, growly sort of sound and rolling them over so that he was on top of her, pinning her to the blanket as she gasped into his shoulder.

‘I love your hair,’ he muttered, nipping lightly at her jaw. ‘I love… everything about you.’

Around them, people walked past, formless blurs beyond the peripheries of Draco’s privacy charms. They didn’t exist. Nothing existed that wasn’t inside the safe, protective bubble of his magic.

Hermione pulled his face back to hers. She kissed him and kissed him, both of them growing more frantic until Draco wrenched himself away with a pained sound, insisting that he needed to stop.

‘I can’t come in my trousers in a public park.’ He panted. ‘It’s indecent.’

Hermione laughed out loud. ‘Oh, but almost coming in your trousers is okay?’

‘Lamentably, it's going to have to be.‘ He dropped onto his back and curled a hand around the front of her dress, pulling her into his side. Hermione tucked herself up against his ribs, slowly letting her heartbeat return to normal.

They stayed that way for a while, both lost in thought. Even as Hermione’s body began to relax, her mind whirred with a million questions - about the manor, about their relationship - all things that felt too difficult to bring up so soon in their new, fragile dynamic. ‘How are you feeling about Monday?’ She asked instead. ‘Are you looking forward to getting back to work?’

She felt him sigh, his chest expanding against her cheek. ‘Yes… I think so. I feel like I need to use my brain again, use my magic for something other than cleaning baby sick off my shoulder... But I’m not sure how I’m going to work it around Aurora. I know people are happy to babysit, and it’s not that I don’t trust them… it’s just…’

‘I know,’ Hermione replied. ‘It’s another big step.’

‘I fucking hate being away from her.’

Hermione stroked absently over the buttons down the placket of his shirt, feeling Draco’s fingers do the same through her hair. ‘Harry says you’re the best cursebreaker the DMLE has ever had.’

He grunted softly. ‘I’m experienced.’

‘You’re just going to consult from the DMLE office when you go back, though, right? You won’t be out in the field?’

‘It's the only way I can do the job now that I have Aurora,’ he replied eventually. ‘I’m not worried about getting hurt as such, but curse-breaking inherently requires regular proximity to dark magic.’ He brought one hand up to his mouth, chewing on a ragged thumbnail. ‘That’s not something I want to be bringing home to my baby.’

Hermione breathed out a sigh of relief. The thought of having both Draco and Harry out on missions simultaneously made her stomach lurch.

‘Maybe you could do something else?’ She hedged. ‘If it’s not the right profession for you any longer?’

He shrugged. ‘I’m good at curse-breaking. And it’s my way of repairing some of the damage my family did during the war. Who better than me to understand how dark magic works?’

Hermione looked down at the smooth skin of her inner arm, thinking again about the complexity of the spell work he would have used to take her scar, the suffering he’d endured as a result. Even the job Draco had chosen was another form of self-flagellation.

She took a deep breath, debating whether to broach the subject of the manor when, from inside her pram, Aurora began to stir.

He was up and off the blanket in seconds, reaching into the pram and lifting the grumbling baby out, murmuring soothing words into her ear. Hermione watched him from her place on the blanket, his blonde head bowed, shirt pulling tight over his biceps as he wrapped his arms around his daughter and held her tightly against his chest. She had to force herself to take a breath, almost ill with how much she wanted him.

They spent the rest of the afternoon sitting in the dappled sunlight under the willow, watching as Aurora grew closer and closer to learning how to crawl. She was already able to army shuffle, a slow half drag, half roll that she used to move around the blanket, making her way between them both to reach for the toys they held out. ‘Oh, God. I’m not ready for this.’ Draco said when she managed to get herself up onto her knees, rocking back and forth as she put forward one hand, then the other, on the cusp of moving forward before her knees gave out and she slid to her belly. He picked Aurora up and swung her into his arms, his expression somewhere between abject pride and utter devastation as he covered his daughter’s face with kisses. Aurora giggled and squirmed in his lap, her hands clasped either side of his face as she gamely attempted to eat his nose.

Later, Hermione and Draco lay on their backs as Aurora scrambled over them, smelling of suncream, strawberry yoghurt and Malfoy, happy now that her father had taken off her tights and her chubby little legs were bare.

When the time came for Hermione to leave and get ready for work, she was so reluctant that she actually did consider giving in to him and just quitting her job. Even when she’d previously been exhausted, mentally drained after several long shifts in a row, she’d never not wanted to go to work. However, the lure of staying with Draco and Aurora, the desire to wrap her arms around his neck and suck that plush, pouty bottom lip of his into her mouth - it was the closest she’d ever gotten to begging off sick when she wasn’t.

He walked her home slowly, evidently as loath as she was for them to separate. Hermione kissed him at the main door of her flat for a long time, both of them dragging it out so much that Aurora began to get grumpy and Draco had to bring her back out of the pram so Hermione could give her another cuddle.

When the time had veered into officially ‘late for work’, she forced herself to hand Aurora back and Apparated to her flat to change, pleasantly surprised that she hadn’t accidentally splinched herself on the way.



* * *



As it was, Hermione arrived at the hospital with two minutes to spare. Danielle met her at the front desk, already looking harried. The ward was particularly busy, and Hermione got straight to work checking notes and directing staff to mothers in various stages of labour. Ernie, who had also been called in as an extra pair of hands, stormed around the ward, rolling his eyes when Hermione asked him to help her lift a patient who was still struggling with mobility after an emergency cesarean. She forced herself to ignore his sour face as she chatted with the mother, settling the exhausted woman into a wheelchair while she held her new baby, following Ernie down to the small room where they conducted the newborn tests.

Later, when things had calmed down slightly, she sat behind the desk with Katie and Danielle, taking small, rushed sips of coffee whilst she filled in new patient scrolls.

‘He’s still not gotten over losing out to you on the research project, then?’ Katie muttered, jerking her head in Ernie’s direction. He was talking to a father in the waiting room, having still not spoken a word to Hermione their entire shift.

Hermione lifted her eyes briefly. ‘Clearly,’ she muttered. ‘I’m not giving it the slightest bit of attention. We have a job to do, if he chooses to act unprofessionally, then that’s on him.’

‘You know what’s actually unprofessional?’ Ernie snapped, having clearly overheard as he approached the desk, his green robes billowing behind him. ‘The ridiculous amount of flowers that were delivered to your office earlier. Ostentatious and unnecessary, and the time it took me to direct the delivery men to your room could have been better spent with my patients.’

Hermione blinked up at him. ‘Flowers?’

‘Like I said, an embarrassing amount of roses, taking over your entire office. Whichever Quidditch player you’re dating this time, he’s marking his territory like a bloody dog.’

Hermione bit her lip, unable to meet the rest of her colleagues' eyes as she gathered up her parchment notes and stepped towards her office, pushing open the door.

‘Oh!’

Ernie hadn’t been exaggerating. There were at least thirty bouquets of pale pink roses waiting for her, boxes and boxes of them - on her desk, the floor, the scent of them filling the small space and replacing the usual antiseptic smell of the hospital. Tucked into the ribbon tied around one of them was a card in a thick cream envelope. Hermione stepped forward and plucked it out, just as Danielle and Katie stumbled into the doorway behind her.

‘Hermione!’ Katie shrieked. ‘Oh, my god! Are these all from Viktor?’

Danielle nudged her roughly. ‘Shh. She dumped him ages ago…Who are they from, Hermione?’

Behind them, she could hear Ernie grumbling about ‘Distractions when there’s work to do,’ but he hadn’t moved from the front desk, and Hermione knew there were at least three staff manning the ward, which was calm for now. She pulled the card from the envelope, angling her body away from Katie and Danielle so she could read it.



Hermione swallowed, every nerve ending in her body tingling, burning with the need to Apparate back to the penthouse and kiss him to death. She took a deep breath, glancing up to find the wide, eager faces of Katie and Danielle.

‘Who are they from?’ Katie breathed. ‘God, it’s so romantic. Whoever sent them must be so in love with you, Hermione.’

She closed the card with a snap, fighting the urge to press it to her chest, pushing it into the pocket of her robes instead. ‘Come on.’ She said primly, breezing past them both. ‘We’ve got work to do.’

Hermione ignored the groans of her friends, unable to stop herself smiling as she made her way back to ward rounds, her cheeks aching, her chest aching too.



* * *



To Hermione’s great consternation, she didn’t leave the hospital until quarter past one. It was common for a shift to run over, but she’d been caught up in a delivery and hadn’t wanted to rush off after the birth. Then there had been the paperwork to complete and a nervous new father to comfort. By the time she landed back outside Hebridean Heights, she was exhausted and half mad with wanting to get back to Draco.

‘Hi, Jason,’ she murmured as he tipped his hat, pushing open the glass doors for her to enter.

‘Lovely to see you, Miss Granger.’ He grinned. ‘Bit late for a visit, isn’t it?’

‘Oh,’ Hermione indicated her robes, avoiding the real meaning of his question. ‘I had a long shift at the hospital tonight.’

She made her way towards the lift, grateful that it seemed to be in an amenable mood. It followed her commands promptly, delivering her smoothly to the penthouse on the first try.

Hermione hadn’t even raised her hand to knock before the door swung inwards, but it wasn’t Draco standing on the other side - it was Theo. His eyes were bloodshot, his wavy hair rumpled. He was in a T-shirt and joggers, the waistband slung so low that she could see the tattoo of Harry’s name below his hipbone.

It took Hermione only the briefest glance to realise that Theo was upset. His expression was tight, no sign of the usual effervescent smile lighting up his features when he saw her.

‘Draco’s not here.’ He muttered, pulling her over the threshold towards him. ‘We’ve all been trying to ring you. Narcissa’s care home called and asked him to get there as quickly as he could. He and Aurora left in the Merc about ten minutes ago.’

Hermione felt a cold wash of terror rush over her. ‘Is Narcissa alright?’

‘Not really. She’s having one of her episodes. They couldn’t settle her and none of her medication was working. Draco is the only one who can get through to her when she’s like that.’

‘Oh, God.’ Hermione whispered. ‘Okay. What should I do? Should I go to the care home?’

‘We’ll both go.’ Theo replied. ‘He’ll need you after this. I told him I’d wait for you.’ He bent to pull on some trainers, then stood, holding out his arm towards her. Hermione took it, feeling Theo’s other hand reach for hers in front of their bodies as he laced their fingers together, seeming to know that she needed the extra support.

A moment later, Theo and Hermione Apparated away from the penthouse together.



Chapter End Notes

Don’t worry! I promise everyone will be okay! For the first time Draco isn’t doing this alone. He just needs his girl by his side 🤍





Chapter 26: Stand, by me


Chapter Notes

Hello!!

Ugh so this is a chapter I’m VERY nervous about, although it’s integral to the plot!

Please note, it comes with extra trigger warnings - although nothing explicit is described, there is mention of an attack, with further violence implied.

Thank you to everyone who has stuck with me through this journey. I’ve actually taken the chapter count off as I realise I need more time to execute the plan I have! There is a lot more of this story to tell!

Thank you for reading!

Nicky



See the end of the chapter for more notes



Theo and Hermione landed on the gravel path outside the gates of The Grove with a muted crack, small stones skittering under their feet. They crunched together towards the intercom set onto one of the stone pillars, where Theo tapped his wand on the gold faceplate, waiting until a voice crackled over the intercom.

‘The Grove.’

He leaned in close to the speaker. ‘Theodore Nott and Hermione Granger. We’ve come to meet Draco Malfoy?’

There was a brief silence on the other end of the line before the disembodied voice returned.

‘Mr Malfoy hasn’t arrived yet, but you both have previous wand clearance, so please, feel free to come inside and wait.’

Hermione felt her anxiety ramp up as she and Theo watched the ornate gates swing open. Of course he hadn’t arrived yet. He’d only left fifteen minutes before she’d gotten to the penthouse and the car journey was at least forty. She hoped he was driving safely, given the lateness of the hour and the worry he must be feeling.

Theo held her arm tightly as they crossed the courtyard to the large main doors, which buzzed open in readiness for them. Their shoes echoed over the shining tiled floors as, for the second time that day, Hermione’s nostrils were assaulted by the sharp, astringent smell of a hospital.

‘Good evening...’ Hermione recognised the healer at reception from her last visit, squinting at the name embossed into her gold badge as she and Theo approached the desk ‘…Pennie.’

‘Good evening, Miss Granger, Mr Nott. I hope you’re both well?’ Despite her worry, Hermione felt a brief swell of embarrassment as she took in Pennie Simons’ immaculate hair and pressed green uniform, knowing her own robes were crumpled and her braid like a bird’s nest after a long shift.

‘Fine, thanks.’ Theo replied distractedly, craning his neck down the corridor. The rest of the hospital was silent, blanketed by the heavy cloak of sophisticated silencing charms. He nodded in the direction of Narcissa’s room. ‘How is she? Any luck calming her down?’

‘I’m sorry I can’t comment on the status of a patient with anyone other than family,’ Pennie replied crisply, although Hermione didn’t miss the way her glossy lips quivered, her polite smile faltering just a little. Whatever was happening with Narcissa, Pennie was more rattled than she was letting on.

With nothing to do but wait, Theo and Hermione settled into two of the squashy leather armchairs in the waiting room, waving away offers of hot drinks and magazines. Theo held one of Hermione’s hands tightly in his own, his knee bouncing, blue eyes constantly flicking towards the main doors.

‘Does this happen often?’ Hermione asked him. ‘The healers needing to call Draco in?’

‘Oh…yeah, unfortunately,’ Theo shrugged. ‘Malfoy’s used to this. He usually comes on his own, but he’s always a bit wobbly afterwards, so I try to be here if I can.’

‘Right.’ Hermione swallowed thickly, her stomach churning. ‘You’re a good friend, Theo.’

Theo squeezed her hand in acknowledgement but said nothing further. Hermione thought that it was one of the most disquieting things about waiting, the fact that Theo was so anxious when he knew more about what to expect than she did.

In the end, they heard Draco’s arrival before they saw him - the sound of Aurora’s tired, croaky cries audible through the intercom as he buzzed for entry.

Hermione and Theo both stood as he pushed his way in through the doors, looking pale and harried. He carried a red-cheeked, puffy-eyed Aurora wrapped in a pink blanket, the tassels trailing almost to the floor. He sagged when he saw them, the taut lines of his face immediately softening with relief.

‘Hi,’ Hermione stepped forwards, wrapping her arms around his waist as he pulled her towards him with his free arm, dropping his head into her shoulder. ‘Thank you for coming,’ his voice was rough, muffled against her robes. ‘I’m really sorry about all this.’ Hermione barely had a chance to respond before he’d straightened, turning to Pennie, who was waiting at the entrance to the corridor.

‘Any change?’

Pennie shook her head. ‘I’m sorry, Mr Malfoy, no.’

Draco’s lips thinned, but he merely cleared his throat and nodded. ‘Alright. Take me down.’

Theo stepped closer, reaching out for Aurora. ‘Let me have Aurora, mate. We’ll stay here and Hermione can go with you.’

Draco hesitated, looking between Hermione, Theo and Aurora for a beat. He gathered Aurora to his chest defensively, his arms tightening around her middle. She was still sniffling, her eyes glassy as she rested her hot cheek against her father’s chest.

‘She’ll be fine,’ Theo insisted. ‘She’ll be asleep again in a moment. Give her to me.’

Still looking reluctant, Draco gave in, letting Theo take Aurora carefully into his arms.

She cried out during the handover, stretching towards her father, who looked stricken, fingers twitching as if preparing to snatch her back. ‘Shh, I know, baby. It’s alright.’ Theo gathered up the blanket, shifting Aurora to his shoulder as he turned and moved subtly further away. He waved a hand. ‘Go and see Cissa. We’re good, I promise. I can handle this.’

‘Mr Malfoy?’ Pennie sounded nervous. ‘The healers really do need your support in your mother’s room.’

Draco’s eyes snapped to Hermione. ‘I’m coming with you.’ She said, before he had the chance to speak. ‘I’ll wait outside if you think that’s best, but I’m not letting you do this alone.’ He looked surprised at the firmness in her tone, but didn’t try to argue. He simply nodded tiredly, raking a hand through his hair before reaching for her, linking their fingers together and squeezing tightly. Hermione wrapped her other hand around his arm and (after one last glance back at Aurora, who was already quieting as she burrowed into Theo’s arms), they headed towards the exit of the waiting area and allowed Pennie to usher them down the corridor that led to Narcissa’s room.

Draco fired questions at the healer as they walked, his magic whipping agitatedly in the air. He wasn’t rude to Pennie, necessarily, but his demeanour was sharp and formal, reminding her of how she’d first seen him the night of Aurora’s birth. This was his public shield, Hermione now understood, the one he wore to protect the soft, tender heart that beat underneath. She squeezed his hand, wishing she could wrap him up in cotton wool, do something to ease the relentless pressures of his life.

Hermione knew the second they passed through the waiting room’s silencing charms, almost as though they’d opened a set of heavy curtains and suddenly all illusion of calm disappeared. They could hear Narcissa screaming from down the corridor, the sound unlike anything Hermione had heard since the war - raw and frantic, calling Draco’s name over and over again.

Draco’s mask-like expression didn’t change, but his fingers instinctively tightened in hers, and despite her own sudden misgivings, Hermione tightened her own, not allowing her pace to falter as they approached Narsicssa’s door.

Inside the room, they found a veritable swarm of healers, the sight reminding Hermione with startling clarity that they were not, in fact, inside a public hospital. Draco was paying obscene amounts of money for Narcissa to be cared for here, and so, the staff-to-patient ratio was far higher than she’d ever seen at St Mungo’s - a separate healer dedicated to every aspect of Narcissa’s care.

Currently, the fragile woman was bound in a form of Incarcerous charm, clearly there to keep her from injuring herself more than she already had. One healer was working to treat a fresh set of nailmarks that raked down her face while another controlled the restriction of the bind, ensuring it held Narcissa still without causing her any further pain. Regardless, she fought against the restraints furiously, her back arching off the bed.

Draco turned to look at her. ‘If this gets too much, you don’t have to stay.’ He said quietly. ‘I’ll understand.’

‘It won’t,’ Hermione assured him. ‘I’m an experienced healer, Draco. There’s very little I haven’t seen before.’

His mouth twisted ruefully as he gave her a small nod before stepping inside the room, all eyes turning to him with a resounding sigh of relief. ‘This is healer Hermione Granger,’ Draco informed them brusquely, slipping off his coat and folding it over the chair. ‘She’s here at my discretion and will be staying to observe.’

A man whom Hermione assumed must be Narcissa’s chief healer stepped forward. He glanced at Hermione, his expression curious although he said nothing about her presence, deferring to Draco with a polite tip of his head. ‘Your mother is ready to go straight away, Mr Malfoy,’ he ran a finger down the notes he held in his hands. ‘We’ve given her all her potions, the second calming draught just went in.’

Draco nodded again, undoing his cufflinks and rolling the sleeves of his shirt. ‘How deep is she?’

‘As deep as we’ve ever seen her. Nothing we’ve done has registered any response.’

On the bed, Narcissa continued writhing, pulling against the restraints. ‘Draco!’ she screamed, her voice ragged. ‘Where are you? They’re here!’

Draco leaned over her, his face pale and anguished, but his voice deceivingly calm. ‘I’m here now, mum,’ he murmured quietly. ‘It’s okay.’

The room seemed to still as he reached down and took his mother’s fingers. With the contact, Narcissa immediately stopped screaming. All her muscles unbunched, her body no longer fighting the binds as she gripped her son’s hand like a lifeline, her wide eyes staring into space.

Draco leaned over further, his body blocking Hermione’s view. She could hear him muttering, but it was too quiet to make out the words. Around them, the healers were also watching in anticipatory silence, and - Hermione noticed with a jolt of unease - moving slowly to position themselves around Draco, taking pains not to disturb what was happening on the bed.

Suddenly, Narcissa gasped, her whole body going rigid. Hermione instinctively stepped closer, moving so that she could see Draco’s face. She froze, sucking in a sharp breath.

Both Draco and his mother were now abnormally pale, their fingers linked tightly together. Draco’s jaw was clenched, his eyes no longer stormy grey but an unnatural translucent silver, unblinking and far away.

Hermione moved fractionally closer, although she knew Draco couldn’t see her. Whatever he was doing for his mother, neither of them was actually there.

On the bed, Narcissa started to breathe heavily, her exhales coming out in short, shaky bursts. ‘D-Draco?’ Her voice came out small. ‘I’m here. Find me, darling… please.’

Draco was also beginning to pant, his body shaking concerningly. Hermione watched the muscles flex in his forearms, his other hand twitching on the bed. He let out a low, agonised moan, and although his eyes remained wide open, Hermione watched a tear roll slowly down his cheek. ‘Mum,’ he whispered. ‘Mum?’ Hermione looked at the healers, apprehension slowly creeping in.

‘It’s alright,’ Narcissa’s chief healer insisted, even as Draco’s keening grew louder. ‘This is part of the process. It’s the same pattern almost every time.’

Draco was gasping now, his whole body trembling violently. Narcissa’s eyes had rolled back in her head, her gnarled fingers gripping Draco’s so hard that her knuckles had gone bone white.

Suddenly, Draco jerked, his knees buckling. The healers immediately sprang into action, sending cushioning and stabilising charms to stop him from falling to the ground. ‘No,’ he rasped, his eyes also rolling back so that Hermione could only see a small crescent of colourless iris below the wet line of his lower lashes. ‘Mum…no.’

Around the room, equipment began rattling, Hermione could feel Draco’s magic building, a sort of pressure, radiating from the bed and pushing out into the room’s atmosphere, dark and heavy, stealing Hermione's breath. ‘It’s happening.’ One of the healers warned. ‘He’s found her. Get ready, just in case.’ Several of the healers drew their wands, positioning themselves closer to Draco. Hermione tensed, her fingers curling around her own wand in her pocket.

On the bed, Narcissa began to cry. ‘Draco,’ she whimpered. ‘Do it….help me. Helpmehelpmehelpme.’

Draco began making a sound, a low groan emanating from somewhere in the back of his throat. It gradually increased in volume, his body taut as his mouth opened and blood began to trickle slowly from his nose.

‘KILL THEM, DRACO!’ Narcissa shrieked. ‘Do it NOW.’

The pressure in the room built. Draco’s nose gushed blood as a jumble of words poured out of his mouth. Hermione couldn’t make out all of them, and she was too frightened to even try. Panicked by the rapid, ragged sound of his breathing, she stepped forward, terror overriding every ounce of rationality as she watched Draco swaying on his feet.

‘Stay back!’ Narcissa’s chief healer called. ‘Don’t touch him! It’s incredibly dangerous to disturb the Legillimency process, Miss Granger.’

Hermione whipped around, glaring, her heightened emotions immediately getting the better of her. ‘This isn’t just simple Legillimency!’ She shouted. ‘Can’t you see it’s hurting him? Why is no one doing anything to help?’

Suddenly, Draco’s back arched, his body bending, his head falling back. The room felt as though it was shrinking, all the air sucked out of it at once. In the centre, Draco and Narcissa both fell deathly silent, their eyes blank, everything suspended as neither of them moved or seemed to take a single breath for a terrifyingly long time. Just as Hermione was about to lose her mind and pull out her wand, Draco managed a deep, shuddering inhale and then suddenly all the air rushed back in around them with a deafening roar.

Everyone seemed to start moving again at once. Draco stumbled away from his mother’s bed, a low sob wracking through him as he sank into the chair one of the healers pushed underneath him. He panted up at the sky, waving away the potions shoved under his nose as he struggled to catch his breath. ‘I’m okay,’ the words were rasping. ‘I’m okay. See to my mother, please. I almost didn’t find her in time.’

Hermione shook, trying to force her heart rate to return to normal as the room bustled around them, everyone back to business, as though the terrible thing she’d just witnessed hadn’t even happened. After a moment or two, Draco’s eyes found hers, bloodshot and red-ringed but thankfully returned to their original shade of grey.

‘Granger,’ he croaked as she crossed the room to kneel next to his chair. ‘A-are you alright?’

A healer leaned in, cleaning the blood from Draco’s face and shirt with practised efficiency.

He looked up at her guiltily, taking in her terrified expression, the tears drying on her face.

‘I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have let you stay.’

‘No,’ Hermione said quickly. ‘I’m glad. I’m so glad you did.’

She was interrupted again by a different healer appearing with a vial of blood replenisher, insisting, much to Draco’s irritation, that he took it as a matter of urgency. He flung it back, chasing it up with a dose of Pepper up and another potion that Hermione instantly recognised as a form of potent calming draught. She pretended not to notice, just like she pretended not to notice the slight shake in his hands and the rapid throb of his pulse in his neck.

On the bed, Narcissa now appeared to be sleeping peacefully. She lay back, her body loose and lax as the healers bustled around her, pushing potions into her cannula and fluffing pillows, making her as comfortable as they could.

After enough time had passed for the draughts Draco had taken to kick in, he stood, hovering over his mother, absently massaging her swollen joints whilst he spoke to her chief healer in quiet, clipped tones. Hermione listened from his side as he pointed at various items on Narcissa’s charts, asking questions about her treatment plan and potions regimen, asking Hermione’s opinion, although she agreed with everything he said. He knew more than she’d expected about the medical side of Narcissa’s care, and she could see the healers were both respectful of him and also more than a little intimidated. There was no mention of Draco’s own well-being - much to Hermione’s frustration, he seemed determined to act as though the Legilimency had no impact on him either mentally or physically and - other than the potions they’d given him, so did the healers at the Grove.



* * *



The journey home later was quiet. Theo drove the Mercedes, insisting Draco needed to rest. He sat silently in the back seat, looking out of the window, seemingly deep in thought. Next to him, Aurora dozed in her car seat, her fingers wrapped tightly around Draco’s pinky, her blanket tucked tightly under her chin. Hermione and Theo chatted distractedly, both of them pretending not to check on Draco in the rear view every few minutes as they filled the silence with mundane conversation. They finally turned back into the city around four am, cruising through empty roads as they headed back towards Hebridian Heights.

Theo stayed with them when they got back to the penthouse, helping to settle Aurora into bed while Draco and Hermione took it in turns to shower, washing off the grime of an emotionally taxing day.

At five am he stood at the door, anxious to get back to Harry, who had waited up for him after his own night shift. Hermione hugged Theo before he left, letting herself rest briefly against the solid plane of his chest as his arms came up to wrap around her shoulders. ‘Thank you for being here tonight, Theo,’ she sighed. ‘I know I’ve said it before, but Draco is so incredibly lucky to have you.’

Theo had gone pink around the ears as he’d tightened his embrace, his arms strong and secure. ‘He’s lucky to have you too, Granger,’ he said quietly, looking down at her with a small, sad smile. ‘I don’t know if he was so sure he would have, after letting you into this part of his life.’ He hugged her again, then Disapparated with a crack, leaving Hermione to ruminate over the gravity of his words.



* * *



When she got back to Draco’s bedroom ten minutes later, she found him fast asleep on the bed. He was wearing only a towel around his waist, his chest rising and falling slowly, damp hair splayed out over the pillow. His wand was grasped loosely in his hand, glowing faintly with the monitoring charm he must have set before falling asleep.

Hermione crawled along the mattress, taking pains not to wake him as she attempted to gently pull the hawthorn from his grip.

Regardless of her care, he jerked awake with a small grunt, bloodshot eyes flying open, fingers immediately tightening on his wand.

‘Sorry, I was trying not to wake you.’

‘Please, don’t be sorry.’ He lifted an arm, his expression uncertain when he asked, ‘Will you…will you come here?’ Hermione crawled closer, fitting herself into the curve of his body, inhaling the scent of his freshly showered skin. Draco stretched to place his wand on the nightstand and then turned, wrapping himself around her like an anaconda, both of them ignoring the fact that he was twice her size as he threw a heavy leg over the top of her own.

‘Are you okay?’ He asked eventually. ‘I know tonight must have been… a lot.’

Hermione thought about it for a moment, sorting through her emotions regarding what she’d seen and the information she’d gleaned from listening to Draco and Narcissa during their Legillimency session. She exhaled slowly, trailing a finger lightly down his chest as she looked up at him from within the tight circle of his arms. ‘You once told me that you bring comfort to your mum during those sessions. You ‘talk her down’ I think was how you worded it - from inside her head.’

He nodded, releasing a slow breath. ‘Mmm, effectively yes. Sometimes she gets confused about what’s present and what’s in the past.’

‘But the things I heard… the conversations you were having during the Legillimency, those things really happened, right?’

He tensed and Hermione hesitated, wondering if he was going to withdraw. He gently unwound himself from around her, turning to lie flat on his back. ‘…After my father died and I got married, my mother was…vulnerable...Some pissed-off Death Eaters decided that she was an easy target, that she should be the one to pay for my father’s mistakes. They turned up at the manor whilst Astoria and I were out and convinced her to let them in.’ His voice was quiet, the words pushed out of a tight throat. ‘I came home and discovered them …and…and -‘

Hermione put a hand on his chest, feeling his heart hammer frantically under her palm. She waited, giving him time to get his breathing back under control. ‘Is that the memory your mum was trying to obliviate?’ She asked gently. ‘When the spell went wrong?’

He nodded. ‘The attack, and what happened after I found them, although the Aurors agreed I acted in self-defence. I thought they were going to send me back to Azkaban and I about lost my fucking mind …but Shacklebolt ensured that it didn’t happen. He kept it off my record, helped me and Astoria with my mother afterwards, even gave me an opportunity to work once I was able to. I actually owe Kingsley Shacklebolt a lot.’

Hermione recalled what Astoria’s parents had said about how much Draco had struggled after getting out of Azkaban, his depression and panic attacks, his heavy reliance on Occlusion. Her heart ached to truly grasp the weight of what he’d been going through, what he was still dealing with, even now. She closed her eyes and thought of Astoria, the only person with whom he’d been able to share his burdens, the only person who could really understand how dark Draco’s life had been because she’d been living it too. What a tragedy Astoria had died without ever experiencing any light, Hermione thought. She’d never lived any life other than the one forced on her and Draco by the bad decisions their families had made, and she’d died giving life to the one good thing that had ever happened to them. No wonder he was so wracked with guilt.

‘I’m so sorry,’ he murmured, hearing her sniffle. ‘I wish I’d known how to tell you about it sooner but… out of respect for my mum…it was hard to…’

‘I understand,’ Hermione couldn’t even try to fight her tears. ‘I just can’t imagine how hard it must be for both of you having to relive that all the time.’

He sighed, turning his gaze back to the ceiling. ‘It’s fine. I don’t mind doing it. It helps my mother considerably. She’ll have a good few weeks now. She’ll be calm.’

‘It’s not fine, Draco,’ Hermione had to force herself to lower her voice before she woke Aurora. ‘There must be a way to help your mother that isn’t so traumatic for you both.’

He shrugged and Hermione hated how he could be so accepting of something so awful, so ready to endure suffering as a normal part of his life. It all came back to his ingrained lack of self-worth, she knew, Draco’s belief that he somehow deserved pain because of who he’d been in the past.

Deep down, she’d known exactly what he had done to the Death Eaters who had attacked Narcissa - the Legilimency session had made the truth of his actions inescapable. She considered whether knowing it changed how she felt about him as a person, if knowing what he’d done made her feel afraid.

The answer came to her easily.

She had been told many times that Draco would do anything for the people he loved, and she knew now how far he was willing to go.

Draco Malfoy loved fiercely, despite love only ever causing him pain. He’d let her into his life, trusted her with his daughter, trusted her with his heart, as fragile and battered as it was …and now he’d trusted her with this too - this terrible, most personal truth regarding his past. It was another piece of himself he’d given her, another layer to the endless layers of a man whom she’d once regarded as nothing but an empty receptacle for the wizarding world's most simple form of hate.

Knowing what Draco was capable of made her feel the opposite of afraid.

She opened her mouth to tell him, finding that she suddenly couldn’t find the words. They stuck in her throat, filling her lungs, her chest - the enormity of her feelings too much to articulate.

Hermione kissed him instead.

She cupped his jaw carefully and kissed him with as much tenderness as she could manage, feeling his soft lips open under hers, strong hands sliding up to tangle in her hair. He began to kiss her back, careful and hesitant, a question in his movements that she was determined to answer so that he was left in no doubt about how she felt.

She sucked his bottom lip gently between her teeth, swallowing his soft moan as she ran her tongue over the swell of it, resisting the urge to bite down.

She kissed along his jaw and down his neck, pressing her lips to the knot of his Adam’s apple before moving beneath his ear, feeling him shudder as she let her lips ghost over the numbers and letters stamped there, tracing the point of her tongue over every one.

His pulse throbbed under her tongue, his breath hitching as she shuffled slowly down his body, running her hands lightly over his scarred pecs, feeling goosebumps rise everywhere she touched.

She licked carefully over his nipple, revelling in his choked gasp of surprise as it peaked and she sucked it gently into her mouth. He shifted underneath her, gasping quietly as she gave the same attention to the other side, his fingers tightening subconsciously in her hair.

His stomach was warm and hard, the muscle jumping as she began kissing over the sculpted planes of his abdominals, running her tongue down the divot that led to his bellybutton, tracing the twin tattoos that disappeared into the towel tucked at his waist.

‘Granger-‘

Hermione paused, looking up at him beneath her lashes. He was panting heavily, flinching when she trailed a finger lightly up his thigh. ‘What are you-?’

Hermione blinked. ‘You don’t know?’

He swallowed noisily, grey eyes wide, his lips parted. ‘I - you need to be aware, I’ve never…no one’s ever-‘

Hermione exhaled slowly, her hand resting on his hip as her gaze trailed slowly over his beautiful face. ‘No one’s ever done this to you before?’

His jaw clenched as he shook his head, shifting slightly on the bed. Hermione fought not to let her surprise show. She felt like he’d been more than competent the night before - nothing he’d done had made her feel like he was inexperienced sexually. But then she let herself remember the circumstances of his previous relationship and thought that yes, it made a lot of sense that he hadn't really experimented a lot with…other things. In this, it seemed she had the privilege of being his first.

He watched her reaction warily, his breath still coming hard and fast. ‘You - you don’t have to,‘ he stammered. ‘I don’t want you to feel-‘

‘Shh,’ Hermione gently took hold of his hands, guiding them towards the headboard and encouraging him to hold onto the bars above his head. He gripped onto it obediently, triceps flexing as he swore softly under his breath.

‘Let me do this for you,’ she whispered, flushed with a hot bloom of arousal as she moved in between his legs, pushing his knees slightly wider apart. ‘Just stay still, Draco. I’m going to take care of you, alright?’

He groaned as she slowly ran her hands up the insides of his thighs, pulling the two sides of his towel open, exposing the length of his straining cock. He was already leaking against his stomach, twitching when she bent to press a kiss to his hipbone before running her tongue slowly along the crease of his thigh. ‘Fuck,’ he gritted out. ‘Oh, Jesus fucking Christ.’

Hermione moved lower, dotting small kisses at the base of his cock before licking him slowly from root to tip. He let out a sound like he might be dying, his hips jerking a little off the bed.

Smiling, Hermione opened her mouth, taking the slick head between her lips. He gasped as she sucked lightly, throbbing dangerously when she swirled her tongue around the crown. She gave him a minute to adjust, keeping still as he panted up at the ceiling, muttering more swear words under his breath. When she thought he was a little more in control, Hermione began bobbing her head carefully, sliding up and down his shaft, lifting off each time she felt him getting too close.

Regardless, less than a minute later, he let out a low moan, pushing gently at her shoulder. ‘Stop-‘ he forced out breathlessly. ‘Stop, Hermione - I’m - I’m going to come in your mouth.’

Hermione looked up at him, her chest squeezing at the look of awe-struck panic on his face. ‘It’s alright,’ she whispered. ‘I want you to, Draco. This is something you can have.’

He let out a small pained sound, his eyes rolling back his head. ‘How are you even real?’ He murmured. ‘I’m sure I’m dreaming you. You can’t possibly be real.’

Hermione smiled and took him down again, showing him how real she was as she swallowed him all the way to the base.

He only lasted a few seconds before she felt his cock swelling further, his back arching as he started coming, the emotion of the night finally appearing to overwhelm him as he sobbed above her, flooding her mouth with his release.



* * *



They lay together afterwards, tangled in the sheets. Hermione rested her head on Draco’s chest as he stroked his fingers slowly through her hair. She was exhausted, wanting nothing more than to stay in bed for hours, even as the sun rose behind the blinds. Her eyes were heavy, her energy completely depleted. The last thing she heard as the darkness rose up to claim her, was a quiet whisper, so low she wasn’t sure if she was already asleep.

‘I love you, I love you so much, Hermione. I promise I’ll never let anyone hurt you. I’ll do anything to keep you safe.’



Chapter End Notes

😭 I’m sorry that one was so heavy! I think it really goes a way to explaining the ‘Stand By Me’ title and how, despite everything, this group of characters will never have to go through anything alone.

Next chapter (thankfully) is much more lighthearted! We have a football match, jealous Draco and the wizarding world finds out about their new relationship status.





Works inspired by this one





Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!





